I don't know what grooming tools I need for my dog.Does this book explain all the grooming tools I need?
Is the bouvier des flandres included?
Does it specifically cover how to keep male genitalia clean and trimmed?
Does it cover anything on cats?
I am having trouble grooming my Irish terrier's face,specifically the muzzle. Are there instructions on grooming the Irish Terriers face?
Does it cover hand stripping a welsh terrier?
Is the Irish Terrier included in this book?
Is the Havanese in the book?
Anything specific to Coton de Tulear breed, and teddy bear and or puppy cuts?
goldendoodle
Where is this made?
Does this have an expiration date? Does it only last a limited amount of time?
does this have any type of sugar, grane alchol or sugar substitute? what makes it great?
Does this contain citric acid?
IS this product VEGAN, specifically the glycerin?
does anyone know where this is made?
is this a paste or a gel?
What is the total seed capacity? The first bullet reads 6 in the barn and 1 in the silo, but the 4th bullet states a 12-lb. capacity.
What are the dimensions?
I have a pole to mount it. Does it come with the mount-piece already attached to the bottom of the feeder?
What are the dimensions?
Is it airtight?
Are they rain proof?
I have 2 of the 18 gal size and I want to get a 24 gal size. Will the different sizes stack together or will they be wobbly?
Roughly, how many lbs of feed does this hold?
Can you please tell me for each gallon size how many pounds of dog food they approximately hold?
What is the height of two stacked? It looks like one would fit into the other &amp; make it shorter than height x2. I'm hoping to fit into a cabinet.
Are these containers BPA free?
does this product come with 2 containers
Last time I got this 3 capsules had 1 mg Manganese, or 1/3 mg per cap. Ingredient panel here says 1 capsule has TEN mg? That's too much to take!?
Why the dyes?
Could you please tell me the expiration date if I buy it now?
can I open the capsules to dissolve in water?
What is the expiration date please
How long will 210 capsules last? 1 month? 2 months? 90 days?
Is the gelatin from porcine sources?
How big are Cosamin DS capsules? How big are the capsules/tablets?
Does it contain seafood/shells? Could anyone please tell me if the item contains any seafood product?
AUTOMATIC - CAT LITTER CLEANERS: If there's anyone out there who used Cat Genie vs.
How can we stop litter from falling between the box and the receptacle? The receptacle doesn't stay directly in place when attached to the box.
Litter box keeps on running. It's stuck. What can I do?
Whare can I get plain Advantage ? I divide it up to use on my cats and fear the extra ingredient.
is it waterproof
Does this product kill ticks also
is this advantage? I don't want advantage II.
Will this stain my all-white dogs hair?
Do you ship to British Columbia and if so, at what cost?
Please CHANGE the description and package picture to reflect that it is Advantage II. I just had to cancel an order, this sucks!
Whare can I get plain Advantage ? I divide it up to use on my cats and fear the extra ingredient.
is it waterproof
Does this product kill ticks also
is this advantage? I don't want advantage II.
Will this stain my all-white dogs hair?
Do you ship to British Columbia and if so, at what cost?
Please CHANGE the description and package picture to reflect that it is Advantage II. I just had to cancel an order, this sucks!
Whare can I get plain Advantage ? I divide it up to use on my cats and fear the extra ingredient.
is it waterproof
Does this product kill ticks also
is this advantage? I don't want advantage II.
Will this stain my all-white dogs hair?
Do you ship to British Columbia and if so, at what cost?
Please CHANGE the description and package picture to reflect that it is Advantage II. I just had to cancel an order, this sucks!
Want for something safe for my 18 year old indoor cat who has never had fleas and flea bites before this as we live in a high elevation. Any advice?
First time applying and most went on fur (she wouldn't sit still)...will it still work?
i have a 5 y/o brother who loves to play with my cat, how long after the application until its safe to handle her again?
is this greasy
what is the difference between Avantage and Advantage 11 for cats?
Does this product also kill lice?
hi i was wondering which advantage i should get? i have 3 cats my two males weigh a little over 9lbs and female weighs between 6-7lbs
Is this advantage 1 or 2?
does it work on ticks?
Want for something safe for my 18 year old indoor cat who has never had fleas and flea bites before this as we live in a high elevation. Any advice?
First time applying and most went on fur (she wouldn't sit still)...will it still work?
i have a 5 y/o brother who loves to play with my cat, how long after the application until its safe to handle her again?
is this greasy
what is the difference between Avantage and Advantage 11 for cats?
Does this product also kill lice?
hi i was wondering which advantage i should get? i have 3 cats my two males weigh a little over 9lbs and female weighs between 6-7lbs
Is this advantage 1 or 2?
does it work on ticks?
Whare can I get plain Advantage ? I divide it up to use on my cats and fear the extra ingredient.
is it waterproof
Does this product kill ticks also
is this advantage? I don't want advantage II.
Will this stain my all-white dogs hair?
Do you ship to British Columbia and if so, at what cost?
Please CHANGE the description and package picture to reflect that it is Advantage II. I just had to cancel an order, this sucks!
will this work for dogs
Is there any cover for the initial open dish, or is it always open?
Is it weather resistant? Can you use this bad boy for outdoor feeding? Will rain totally fry the George Jetson Advance Mechanism?
Can a recent purchaser confirm this includes ice packs for freshness of wet food? Thanks.
Can I replace the timer
Has anyone tried using this product with a dog? I need a device to give my 22 lb. terrier a pill when I'm not at home.
Filling Automatic Cat Feeder: Do you remove the whole top and fill all slots at once, or use advance button and fill one at a time?
Will my cats paw or head get caught when the device moves to the next dish and she is still trying to get food out of the previous dish?
How do you set the timer?
We thought we had it put together correctly, until we turned it on. It keeps on spinning &amp; spinning. Our finger doesn't stop it! Advice?
Does it fold to fit into the back seat while your pet rides in the back of the Outback or similar car? Thanks!
Can I use it at the passenger's side door on an SUV (Pilot)?
Above Says: "With its 500-lb capacity, it's sturdy enough for humans". True? Can I use as a boarding ramp for an old houseboat??
In winter, sometimes the street and car bumper are iced over. Angling and rubber helps, but is there any kind of safety latch as added protection?
We have a Great Dane puppy who is likely to weigh 80kg (175lb) will this take her weight when fully grown?
how does the ramp stay steady and not slip on back of vehicle?
I see this ramp listed as 22 pounds as PetStep and then 18.5 pounds as Petstep II. Are these the same or different?
Can this be used on a sofa. My very old Westie is having trouble with the incline on a shorter ramp?
Would this ramp be usable on outside wood deck steps (about 6 steps)? Can it withstand the elements like rain, cold and snow? Thanks!!
How high is the ramp?
I am wanting to make sure I get the T-Rex. Is there any way I can guarantee the T-Rex? Our dog can't chew the other dino's but the T-Rex is perfect
How big is it? I have an 11 lb, 1 yr old Mini Poodle who destroys soft or stitched together toy. She loves real chew toys
is this product of USA
There seem to be really good and really bad results with this bone, my dog is 28 ibs and a moderate chewer, is this right for her? Thanks!
Are the blue dinosaurs still available. The blue ones are more flexible than the white onesThe white ones are too hard for my dog.
I have a shih tzu dog about 6 LB. it it safe for her?
how much does it weigh
Will this work for a 11 lb cat that loves to gnaw on things? He has destroyed countless cat-sized chew toys..
Why is this plastic so hard? I just received it today, and it is ridiculously hard. I think this is bad for small dog's teeth. They could break
I would like to place an order for three, but want three DIFFERENT dinos - how do I go about this
Is this Joint &amp; Immunity support as pictured, or just Joint Support as you have it titled?
HI, would this be recommended for a large breed puppy to promote healthy joints and over-all health? If not is there another Nupro product suggested?
Where is this product made?
This caused a horrible rash and itching for my dog. Anyone else experience this?
Can you please possibly advise on the expiration date?
how much do you give a 15 pound dog
I received my Nutri-Pet Research Nupro Joint (5-Pound) today and opened the lid and it didn't have a seal. Do they seal them?
Can you use this for cats?
what is the difference between the original and the silver and the gold
I know it's made in the USA, does anyone know where the ingredients are sourced from?
Is the Duckworth made in the USA?
Will washing affect the squeaker?
Is it big enough for a large dog?
Where isthis duck made
can it be machine wash?
does it quack
This is the toy that they have on the movie called "Click" by Adam Sandler? Right?
My 75 lb shepherd cross adored his Duckworth but I wonder how it works with smaller dogs - 30-40 lbs when grown.
How do I add a photo to my review?
does someone have apicture of the label ingredients. I like to see the percentages after dehidration of the ingredients
What is the percentage of protein and fat? Thank you
does it have grains? does it have wheat?
Anyone use this with a dog that needs 4 cups a day? About how long does the bag last? We are going to be traveling and want to assure I have enough.
Is it common to switch between the beef, chicken, and lamb products? Or should I just stick to the one he already enjoys?
Is this dog food made in the U.S.A? I have 3 Poodles. Is the nutrient content good?
Does the bag of dog food ship in a big box or a separate bag, or does it just come with a label attached to it? Thanks!
How much does it say to feed a 42 pound dog?
i can't remember what kind i bought from the store but want to buy it here since it is cheaper...does the food look like whole wheat? round and brown
Does it stop shedding?
Where is it manufactured?
I'm trying to figure out how long this would last with our pack, what's the scoop size in grams or ounces?
how many servings would there be in 5 pounds for a 90 pound dog?
Do you still need to add fish oil or are there sufficient Omega-3's in the Nupro?
What Kinda of Liver is used? chicken, beef??
What are the ingredients listed on this product? I need a dog supplement that does not contain calcium.
Is there an expiration date on this product?
Can I bake this into a home made doggy meatloaf or must I add it later?
I want to use this fountain abroad, but the voltage in my country is 220V, is the pump compatible with this voltage? Thanks!!
What are the dimensions (mostly interested in the space needed on the floor) of the large 108 ounce?
Does this product use replaceable filters?
Is this product dishwasher safe?
Does anyone have the a link to instructions on how to set up, I lost mine.
Does anyone have a link to instructions, mine got lost.
I want to use this fountain abroad, but the voltage in my country is 220V, is the pump compatible with this voltage? Thanks!!
This has to be plugged into the wall correct?
Is there an auto shut off if the water runs low?
Does it keep the water cool or at room temperate?
Does this pad come with the cover shown or not??
Does anything on the product explain exactly WHY they can't be reheated again until completely cool? Has anyone tested this?
Can it be used to keep water from freezing in the middle of a bird bath?
is the cover included
Im heating per directions and microwave ut Im surprised they dont come out warmer... only warm to the touch. Not what's described. Suggestions?
Will this work for an australian shepherd that sleeps on a large dog pillow in the garage? Do you just put it on top of the dog pillow?
Can a rabbit chew through it?
Bought on Amazon in 2011, directions lost. Hubby thinks he heated 6 min. before using during dialysis. Does 6 min. sound right? Want to give to friend new on dialysis.
Has anyone frozen these to cool rabbits down in the summer?
I am debating getting this for a feral cat colony. They have some shared shelters, do you think they would fight/injure each other to get on the pad?
How many cans do you get if your order the 12.5, 3, or 5.5 ounce sizes?
Did the recipe change recently? Our cats stopped eating when I opened a newly delivered batch. It smells a bit fishier now?
is this also for kittens ?
Does "Consistency of the product may vary" mean just that the texture varies? Does anyone know? Thanks.
I ordered chicken formula and it was so watery, how about salmon and turkey?
Does anyone know how this compares to Cardinal Laboratories Pet Botanics Whole Grain Rolled Dog Food?
Could someone tell me where this is manufactured? With the recent scare about dog jerky from China it IS a concern for me. Thank you for your time.
Can you freeze the remaining portion after opening, if so how long do they last ?
How much would you feed a 5lb dog?
What is the consistency of this food? Is it like a human salami or softer? Thanks.
Can this be shredded with a cheese grater?
Is there an expiration date on the roll, and how far from from ordering would that expiration date be? In other words, how long before I use it up.
How long does it take to kill fleas?
How can I guarantee that this legitimate Frontline product, given the numerous complaints/reviews of counterfeit product purchased on Amazon?
IS IT EPA approved?
Does this prevent fleas as well as kill them?
is it safe for dogs under 5 lbs
does it control ear mites
does this have IGR in it?
What is in each capsule? (Amounts in mg. of what)
What's the difference between this one and Cosamin DS Joint Health Supplement?
cosamin DS vs cosamin DS double strength
Is this product by Nutramax
does it have brewers yeast in it?
Does this product have anti-inflammatory in it?
Will this support their coat or do I need an additional specific supplement?
Hi guys, do you know where these vitamins are made? and does it say where the ingredients are sourced?
where is this product made?
What is the shelf life once opened?
What flavor is this item?
What quantity is this?
Cat
I need to run this wire under my steps. Is there someway to cancel the charge under the steps so the dog can come in and out without getting shocked?
At what distance from the wire does the alarm/charge go off? 5' ? 10' ? 15' ? Is it adjustable?
so is there a limitation on the perimeter? Will it travel 1500 feet of wire without another transmitter?
How far away from the wire does the warning beep start to sound?
I would like to mount the wire on top of a chain link fence under 4 ich corregated plastic piping . Will this work? (My dog jumps the fence. )
how do you install the wire around driveway?
Use in very small area? I only have to deter my dog from around the front door area. Can I run this in a small loop of, say, 6 feet around?
Has anyone used a 14 or 16 gauge wire with this system? Or, twisted non-insulated wiring? Thanks!
How many feet of wire included?
can this product be used on humans
what is the width? This seller has many different offerings for the same product with different prices!
Somehow it's not in the product description I see here on Amazon. Can the seller of the vet wrap simply convey what the length of each roll is?
What type of fabric is it made of?
Does this stick to fur?
what is the width x length!?
Question: Length? How long is each roll?
Is there any reason why the collar would beep when the pet is no where near the fence? I came home today and my dogs collar was beeping randomly.
will these wor on a 50 pound golden retriever?
idoes the pul250 work in the underground system
What size dog is this recommended for? I have a 5 pound dog.
Will this receiver work with the stubborn dog underground fence? The receiver we have is RF-275 we got a 2nd dog and need additional receiver
2nd one doesn't work
Do these collars work with Invisible Fence Systems?
Do you offer Pink as a collar color option?
We need to get another collar..will this work with the RF 125?
Zelli shoes recommend Meltonian leather conditioner for my crocodile shoes. Which product should I purchase?
Usually, people clean, condition, polish, and then waterproof their leather shoes. So i polish first or apply this first?
My black calfskin leather handbag is turning gray dry and cracked .... will this revive it and bring it back to a black color? Thanks!
Is this going to soften the leather? I'm looking for something to soften the back of my Sperry's to where they don't blister as much.
Is this the best Meltonian product for conditioning and preserving the quality of leather shoes? Or is something like saddle soap or mink oil better?
stone
sneaker is been stained from been on displayed for a long time can it be removed with the meltonian all purpose
Is this food made in China?
what is protein content?
My cat likes fish very much , would u say this is for the fish lver?
Is this gluten free?
What is the texture of this canned food? Is it Pate, chunky, bits, or sliced??? (My cat does not eat pate.. ) Thank you in advance!
What is the texture of this food? Is it a pate?
Is a vet prescription required for purchase of this cat food?
What is the nutrient content for hi-tor neo canned cat food (low protein and phosphorous food)
Is this strictly for cat with CRF, can my other (no CRF) cats eat it too?
What is sodium content?
What are the dimensions, esp height?
Which size should I order for 30 lbs. of dog food? The specifications are confusing.
Do all sized come with wheels?
For the 45-47 Qt. size, how wide is the lid at its largest point? Is it 10.7 or a little bigger?
Is this large enough to put store the food in the original bag (24-26lb bag) in this container? Its not good to store food directly in the plastic.
is the lid hinged at the back or does it come all the way off? I'm afraid if it's not hinged, nobody in my house will close it.
Is it stackable with the small Iris bin that comes in the two-pack? It would be nice to shift the small one back and forth for access to both big bins
For people who have the 12 quart one, how much food does it hold?
What color is the lid? I want to match it with the 2 piece available in many colors.
Is there a recycle symbol on the bottom of these containers? and/or are these made from ldpe or hdpe?
What size is this product???????
the small is truly just 4" wide?? so where do people use it? not on furniture?
Do these come in smaller sizes? We need one for under our bedroom door - or just in front of it? Our cat tries desperately to get in to where we are
If the medium sized scat mat is 30"X 16", what are the dimensions of the small one?
stops cat spraying?
where can I purchase one?
Does this include a filter?? Says that the water is clean. Our water needs to be filtered to be considered clean.
Has anyone tried using this with a cat?
I've got three cats that I would like to be kept away from the living at night, if on the lowest setting does it hurt? What does it do, is it a vibration, or is it a shock, and what does it feel like? I just don't want my cats to hate me and get hurt...
I have a 112 inches to cover all the area needed for the couch, can this product available in longer sizes or extension add on?
I need this for two chairs. Does it fold?
Is this item water-proof or safe to be placed along the kitchen sink?
how big is this, will it be sufficient on the door threshold
how do you set the low, medium or high settings?
Weather permitting, I'm thinking of using the 46x3 inch ScatMat Strip on my deck rail to deter raccoons. Has anyone tried this?
is there a switch for the3 levels?
Does this work for big dogs? All I keep reading about is cats. Does it work as well as a Dogtra training collar?
The product title says this is an extension, does it also come with the electronic box?
Does it work???
I noticed this does not have an on/off switch. Would it damage the device if I put a non-metal container over it
Does this scare squirrels? I really don't want to scare them away.
How do you know its working when I cant hear any sound whatsoever? And how many seconds should pass before light will flash again even though there is movement going on?
Does it work at night, in complete darkness?
Ships within 2-4 months? Whos going to wait 2-4 months?
We have 2 high walls around a patio but the 2 cats keep getting over the top. Has anyone had success putting one of these on a wall to keep cats in?
Will this bother a dog? I don't want my dog to hear it, just a stray cat that is bringing clears into my yard.?
Cats hide near my bird feeders and kill the birds. If I put it near my feeders will it affect the birds I feed?
does this bother the dogs in the house. SOUND
need parts
I need instructions for the model #PC06.
How well does it detect the constant yapping of a neighbor's Chihuahua?
Does it work
can it be used indoor and outdoors?
Is this designed for indoor use?
Is this totally waterproof as i need to leave it exposed to the elements: Is this totally waterproof?
Does this product work for the dog next door?
Need a new extention cord.... Recommendations?
Will it work in NZ
What happens if the power goes out? So, I am guessing that if the power goes out and I am at work, my poor dog will just get shocked all day until I return home at 6 PM?
Can the range of the system be reduced to something less than the 90 feet? We want to use in our RV so area for containment would need to be smaller.
how long does the battery last?
I can't figure out how to get the battery out of the compartment...?
How do you know when batteries are low, I saw a tool to check it with and ordered the wireless kit. does it come with the kit if not can i order it thru amazon and what is p/n.
i have a large dog. would this collar fit a 25 inch neck?
I was able to set up the white flags but as soon as I placed collar on my dog the device didn't work. No beep or shock. Any suggestions?
how to set up the fence
I want this outside in a shed, but temps freeze Oct-March. What will happen to the system? Can I use this in an unheated shed?
what if you want more area for pet to run...say more than 1/2 acre
We live in Minnesota, does anyone have experience as to whether or not this system still works with a cover of deep snow?
Are you able to move the unit easily if wanted so you could have wire at home and somewhere else ie. the lake and just move the transmitter?
If my dog hears the tone does he get shocked if he stays still? Also, how many feet further can he go before he gets shocked ?
What gauge wire does this come with?
Is everything in the picture included in the price? Because in the product description it shows only the wire and the flags.
Long-term collar? Is the collar small enough and the battery-life good-enough to keep the collar on the dog all the time?
I have a mix breed that has pretty thick fur, especially around the neck area, like a husky. Does this deliver enough shock to work with thick fur?
Does the wire get literally buried under ground, so I do not have to worry about lawn mower?
If there is a break in the wire once it is buried,how do you find it?
What collars can I use with it? I would like to add a second or third collar to this system, are all pet safe collars compatible?
So, it is my understanding, that if your dog is inside, you should remove the collar for fear of interference from other electronics?
Does the fence have to go in a complete circle, or can an already established above ground fence, or a building be one section of it?
Can this be installed by one person?
We live on a lake...is the collar waterproof
What do I need to buy with this product? It looks like you can purchase the foam, biomax, and carbon. Is there an actual filter as well?
How much carbon is in the bag ounces or whatever? Thinking of just cutting it open if I buy it and using my own
I am looking at buying this for a 20G Long tank, how long is the siphon tube/do I need to buy the extension tube?
How wide is the actual unit? I have a biocube with an enclosed lid, and only a certain space to fit a HOB filter. How long is where it sits?
Is the made by fluval? Is the Fluva Aqua Clear 10-30 gal the same as the Aqua Clear 30 power filter?
Will the aquaclear filter 30 fit a filter port with a width of 2 inches and length of 8 inches?
Does anyone else have trouble keeping the leveling device attached? I have had two of these filters and each time the leveler just falls off.
Why does it leak around the seal for the motor housing? This is a ridiculous design. Their is only one way to attach, and it leaks like a faucet.
how often should this be cleaned??
What is the power source: will this work off of 220 v (Europe and most of the rest of the world) or is it standard for 110 (US)?
how do you to change the battery? Is the whole battery case one unit? I can twist it off but need to know whether to get the whole unit or just shop for a battery
Is this product the same as in the picture? I ordered one that was supposed to be like this, but got a different one.
Does it come with working batteries? How many?
When my dog shakes her head, the module shifts to the back of her neck, yet making the collar tighter seems to make it too tight. Any solution?
how long does its battery lasts ?
I need a shock collar for a dog weighing 5lbs will this one have a collar that adjusts to a dog that small?
Does this collar require anything other than a battery to work ?
Does this model sense only vibration, or vibration and sound? i.e. is this the "300" model or the "100" model?
my dog weighs 85 pounds, has 20 inch neck -will this fit?
I have a Great Pyrenees female with thick hair. Will this collar fit her and control her barking?
Can this bark control collar be used indoors? Or is it for outdoor use only?
I have a 2.5 lb dog, she barks alot ..will this bark collar fit her?
Will this work for whining?
Do you install the door in the center of the screen or towards the side?
does it leave any crack when shut, through which roaches could come in?
Does it come with a lock? In case you want to keep your pet outside for some reason?
the bottom half of my screen door is thin aluminum, would this work for it as well?
how big is it?
If the opening is 10 inches high, does the dog have to be shorter or same at shoulder or can they duck? My dog is abut 11 inches at the shoulder..
does the door swing both ways so the dogs can get in and out by it?
considering purchasing, would a pug fit through this door approx 30 lb.?
I have sideline about 101/2" wide could this work with them
Can this door be reeinstalled to another screen or would the door not install well the second time its used
Is this mat water waterproof? Soemtimes my cat misses the box a little bit.
cleaning
Easily wash the mat off with water? I washed it in the shower. I hang dried it, let it sit on the carpet, its been almost 24 hours and still very wet!
Can it go in a washing machine?
Is it easily vacuumed?
what color is the mat?
what color is the mat?
My cats need five feeds a day, will I have to re program the machine every day. I am hoping that all I have to do is re fill it!
Can a Dog turn this unit over, and get to all of the Food...
For the 5-meal feeder, has anyone fed wet food with it?
Does the 5 meal feeder cycle only once or does it keep rotating after the 4th meal is gone?
Can I order a second feeding tray for the 5 meal Petsafe Auto Feeder so I can wash one while the other is in the feeder?
How long do the batteries last? Does it eat batteries fast?
I'd like to know how secure the lids are on this. It seems it opens very easily if that video is to be believed. Could it fend off an opossum?
I have a large dog that eats large kibble, I am not sure if this is a good product for larger dogs
Can I set the timer to open both dishes at the same time?
Can I use this to feed two cats at the same time? Has anyone tried this? I want to get this instead of getting two seperate ones
Would this cage be suitable for a parakeet? My daughter wants a bird for Christmas and I'm a bird-noob. Trying to do some research before I commit!
Where is the door on this cage? It is a slide up and down style door or another kind?
How many finches can fit in this cage?
Does this cage work for a cockatiel?
Can this be used for goldfish?
Can I use this for clown fish?
how many gallons water does this treat?
Is this coral-safe?
How quickly does this ship?
I lost my 5 fish due to ick. Do I completely empty and clean my tank and add Quick Cure to the new water,remove a portion orjust add to existing water
safe for planted aquariums?
For how long does the poinpoint probe works before it needs to be replaced? Thanks.
want to know if it works for freshwater and marines aquariums?
Does it have automatic temperature compensation?
Does this item include pinpoint ph probe?
doe it work in fresh water ?
how to use it
Does this item include pinpoint ph probe?
Does the pH meter probe connect with a BNC connector?
Can I use this for my hot tub whose temperature is usually 106 degrees F?
Is the API Stress Zyme the same as beneficial bacteria?
Can I mix this with API Quick Start and API Stress Coat+ in a gallon every time I do water changes weekly? Or just pour it directly in my 5.5 tank?
can I buy this to condition the tap water of my aquarium?
Is this for Freshwater aquariums?
What is the difference between stress zyme and stress zyme with the +? is it just an updated version? Thanks!
how quickly does stress zyme lower NITRITE levels?
does this conditioner work for betta fish as well?
Will this work for Bettas?
I have the 4 gal tank. What amount ? A drop ?
How often are you supposed to use this product?
will this change the water color or does it remain clear
would anyone recommend using another water conditioner with this product or just by itself?
What water treatments do you use for bettas? I want to make sure my Ph and everything is good. I use this and aquarium salt(occasionally) any others??
can or should i use stress coat and Prime for water changes
Is this okay to use with an aquarium salt?
Is this item amine based?
Is there some type of hose I could add that would reach down from my faucet to my basement sump when draining the tank? Only about 3 feet away.
if I use my kitchen tap as the source... will fish waste get splashed everywhere? The Mrs won't like that very much.
does this item comes assembled already? i bought an aqueon and i had to assemble it myself - the hose keeps falling off the gravel cleaner.
Does this system address De-chlorinating? I love the idea, but I must be missing something. How do you "fill" from faucet w/o adding chlorine?
Do you have a link or document with the instructions about how to change from suctioning to filling mode?
I currently have the 25' and love it, but recently purchased a new tank and I need something longer. Does the suction decrease for the 50'
Can I connect this to my garden hose instead of a faucet in my home?
Im going to ask the dumb question: when refilling how are you de-chlorinating the tap water to avoid exposing the fish... just put it in before hand?
I've been told to never add tap water without allowing it to reach room temp so that fish are not shocked. This adds tap water immed? Have 10 gallon
Here's a stupid question...do I have to put my whole arm in the water to clean the bottom of the tank? The end doesn't look long at all....
On Python's website they show threads under the rubber if it is removed for male threaded faucets. Can anyone confirm that this has female threading?
will this fit the old python with the plastic adapter?
Inside where the rubber washer is on the image, are there threads in there also? or only the threads that are visible in the image?
What is the adapter's dimensions? Male &amp; female parts, please.
Does this have internal threads? My utility sink has small internal threading. Thanks!
What is the thread size and count?
Getting the 36 X 13 cover, it doesn't need a brace in the center of the tank, does it?
Is this 36x13?
Will this work, I have a 38 gallon tank not a breeder. its 36 by 12 and still need to fit an internal skimmer in the back as well as hanging wall pump
Does this fit a 3 ft tank perfectly? I have a 3 ft 30 gal tank and sending it back will not be an option.
Would this fit a 40 gallon breeder with the plastic extender attached?
this hangs on the back of a tank?
how noisy is this unit? Can I use it in a 36 gal tank?
Can you place this below in your stand, not in a sump? I am using a canister filter but would like a protein skimmer (Hidden preferably)
will this work in sump?
Is it too powerful for 30 gallon tank?
Will it fit on a hood-less Biocube 29?
is this item loud its going in a bed room?
I got one of these but it is dumping large amount of micro bubbles into my tank. How can I stop the bubbles it mounted on the tank?
I bought a cheap skimmer a year or so ago for my 125 gallon saltwater fish only live sand saltwater tank I have had the tank set up for 3 years but I didnt even install the in tank skimmer,its huge and horrible looking but here is my main question....
What is the distance from the rim of the tank to the top of the collection cup? I have limited space above my sump..
exact size of the 24 canopy my 55 has a center bracket I need 23x11 1/2
Is this canopy made of TWO pieces of glass, with a hinge in between them, with a plastic piece attached to the back of one of the glass pieces?
Will this canopy accommodate the canister filters stems coming over and into my 55 gallon??
is this one or two pieces of 23 X 11 1/2 glass?
I have a 125 g with 2 center braces. Im looking for 22.25 in. x 16.50 in. glass tops, can you help? Please ?e
will it fit a 90 long that measures 6 foot? the braces on top are divided into 3 sections .
What are the EXACT dimensions of this product please? Seems there is a discrepancy in 24" hoods &amp; tank openings. Want to order the right product
Looking for two tops that measure 23 1/8 -23 1/4 wide by total of 17 inches deep (including the plastic in back). I have a 75 Gal tank.
do you carry a top 23 1/2 by 11/1/2
will this glass canopy fit a 55 gallon tetra tank
How many tests can be run with this kit?
I use a bit of aquarium salt in my freshwater tank to ward off fungus infections. 1/2 teaspoon per 5 gal. Will this throw off this testing kit?
Can any of these tests be used for both saltwater and freshwater? I noticed a lot of the individually packaged tests say they can be used for both.
Would this kit be a good one for my planted aquarium?
I'm a newbie. I have a betta in 10G tank and I'm told that I need to test the water always.Not sure if I should get this or get cheaper ones instead.
What is the range of pH tested?
Hi, what solutions should I purchase to go with this kit? I am going to be cycling a 55 gallon tank. Thank you!
Is one carton box contains 12 sets?
What is the expiry date?
How many packs are in a cardboard box?
will it work for bonsai?
Is the base detachable? I want to zip-tie the pole to a 48" tall cage to get the necessary elevation, but a non-detachable base would prevent this.
How heavy of a light will this safely hold?
A couple of questions: I would like to use this over my chicken brooder. Is it freestanding? I need something that will hang at about 12-14 inches o
Can the base be held in place a different way? I cannot slide it under my tank. Are there any holes in the base to be able to screw it to the table?
My dome lamps don't have wires/brackets to hook on to stand, even though there are holes for them. How do I hook lamps up w/o them?
will this work on a turtle tank? 40breeder...I ask cause I have it almost full of water, will putting this stand under the tank cause it to be unlevel
Will this work over a small C&amp;C Cage for my hedgehog?
Will this work with my particular dome, "Zoo Med Deluxe Porcelain Clamp Lamp with 8.5-Inch Dome, Black"?
For indoor plants, is there any trick or accessories to increase the height beyond the 36 inches? Thanks.
I have a red ear slider turtle, which is better for night use the 75 W or 50W? Thanks:)
what kind of hit do you take on your electric bill if you leave one of these on 24/7?
I have a large parakeet cage with about 25 birds, would this be too much heat for them? I cover the cage with a large tarp at night.
Is this bulb teflon coated
Is it uvA &amp; uvB?
Can this lamp be used outdoors? I would like to find something to use in my chicken coop this winter.
Is this safe to use in a standard lamp or spotlight socket/holder?
Do these work for infrared therapy for muscles?
Is this a safe bulb for parrots?
how hot does this get in degrees F?
where is the made?
My dog doesn't care for the Beef Liver, so I want to get a few 1oz bags of other types. Why is the price of the 1oz bag the same as thee 4oz tub?!
how long is the expiration date
Do these treats get stale or "go bad" very quickly? I have had my tub since December 2013.
Are these soft or hard? I would like them to break easily enough that i don't have to cut them with a knife.
Your increase in price for Stewarts Liver dog treets (increasing by over $15.00 in one month) has made it impossible to continue ordering it.
Why did the price double? I paid $23 for same in Jan of 2015???
Why have these gone up from 23 something to 40 something in one month???
Up almost 50% in price? That is unfair and a rip off!
How do you get all the water out of the tubes after a water change? I have a little bit of mildew growing in it.
Treating the water first? Don't you need to treat the water before you start putting it back in?
Will this system work for a fish tank with sand? Description states it cleans gravel.
I have a 9 gallon BiOrb Flow tank and need to vacuum the debris and excess food off bottom. Is Python right product?
I may need just a little longer than 25' can I add to this unit??
Will this work if the tank is lower than the sink drain and faucet? Can't siphon with gravity because of that.
how long is the tube on this product.
Do I replace this item for a gravel vac? I'm just setting up my 29 gallon tank.
my faucet are totally different than the one on the video helping to use this system.No where to screw the head to. Pls advice! Big thanks
Any link or instructions about how to change from suctioning to filling mode?
can you attach two 20 foot extensions to 1 python cleaner?
Does it leak at all - where it attaches to the other hose at the connectors? Thanks!
is this hose interchangeable with the Aqueon gravel cleaner?
what is the diameter of the hose
Is this as soft (and doesn't kink) like the main hose?
Is this compatible with the Aqueon Water Changer?
I put in a new filter and it ate my sword fish. I need a filter for my intake tube that I don't need to worry about eating my fish, please help. I have it turned off now scared it will take another. Thank you for any help at all
what is the inner diameter of this sponge?
What are the overall dimensions of the sponge, alone?
Will this work with the rectangular intake tubes on Marineland Power Filters? I have a Penguin 200 and a Penguin 100, which use the same intake tube.
Will this product work with Fluval 406 and FX6 intakes? Does it reduce the fkow rate when it is clean??
will this prefilter fit the intake of an Aquaclear110?
How sturdy is this canopy? I have a cat that likes to walk/sit on top of my aquarium. Will the glass break under the weight of an average size cat?
is the dimensions 30in x 12in?
My marineland 29gal came with a black canopy with light built in. the hinges are pathetic. this top fits a marineland 29 correct?
Would this fit a rimless tank, or does it need to be rimmed?
Can the glass take the weight of a full spectrum light. the one I have is 9lbs. wondering if I can place the light in the glass full time.
Is this designed/sized for Tetra retangular glass aquariums?
How to adjust the glass so it fits the filter. Anybody make a youtube video?
does this fit 29 and 30 gal tanks
does this fit 30 gal long tank
the inside of my tank is 11.5 x 29. will this canopy fit tank?
Will this permanently stain silicon? According to the manufacturer, this product turns the water red (not blue/green).
How long can you use this? I've been using this to treat my betta's fin rot for almost 3 weeks now, but I don't see any improvement! Please help!
Betta suddenly got sick after adding some new tetras to a happy healthy community tank. Corys are also looking a bit down. Ok to treat the whole tank?
Do I do a water change before adding the tab and then wait 4 days and do a 25% water change? I guess I don't understand the instructions.
DOES IT CLEAR UP ICH?
I put a tablet in10 gal tank and removed the carbon filter. How long do I leave the carbon filter out? Water change before before replacing filter?
I have my half moon betta in a 1.2 gal QT tank for fin rot. I was told to use this. How do I break the tablet up? Do I still use the aq salt too?
Does anyone know if I can use this simultaneously with aquarium salt? My goldfish is suffering from what we think is fin rot.
Is it safe with plants?
I don't use a carbon filter just a hydro sponge for a 2.5g. Am I ok to just do a partial water change after the treatment and rinse out the filter??
How many watts does this use the the 300?
Is the filter replaceable on the 300?
does this pump have an flow adjustment?
Is it autovolt?? 110/220 volt?
the whisper 100's valves can be reversed to create vacuum (rather than pressure). How about this AP300? can its valves be reversed as well?
How Many litre par minute "lpm" ?
What repair kit is designed for the Whisper AP 300 air pump?
What size are the air ports and how many
Is the complete filter set like are all the parts here? If not what else must i get for my outdoor pond
Is this item solar powered and does it come with the panel or is it sold separately?
Can you change the found head? I want more of a sprinkler effect, rather than the bell.
how difficult/often change filters??
My pond is 20 inches deep. Will the fountain head rise above the water level? Is it tall enough for my pond?
hello, any idea if this helps bring oxygen to the water also? when you have fish?
can this be used in a ceramic'bubbler' fountain- no pond, just holding pool
Is it possible to extend the fountain head with another tube? My pond is between 3-4 ft deep and I want to use the fountain head feature. If so, what
Does this pump have a place to pump water up to a tiered fountain? Or is it just a fountain filter?
what is the height of the box not including the handle?
Is this filter unit too small for a 500 gallon pond? Does Danner make a larger filter?
Can I use my 1900gph pump on this filter? Also, does it remove ammonia from the pond?
How does filter connect to Beckett pump? Pump kit notes fit is : 3/8 in., 1/2 in., 3/4/ in. Filter is 3/4 in.
I have a 275 gal stock tank that will have goldfish in it....is this adequate filtration?
what is the exact size of this filter?
Why is it cheaper to buy 3 of 4pack ($2.445ea) than a 1 of 12pack ($2.987ea)? I would think there was some savings giving packing.
hi i have a 150 gallon tank with two Emperor 400 Pro Series filter can i just rinse them out with water and reuse them again or throw them out ?
hi, i would like to now how often do you have to change the filter in a year of use in my marineland Emperor Bio- Wheel Filter 400 Pro Series
Can this product reduce green aquarium water? AKA free algae?
Another brand said to rinse the carbon before putting it in an aquarium filter. Does this brand have to be rinsed? I am trying it for a cat litterbox.
Is There any phosphate chemical byproducts left on the water after using this activated carbon?
Could this easily be ground into a powder?
Has anyone used this for a terrarium?
how much carbon should I put in my 40 gallon tank
Could this be used to put on a very smelly mattress to absorb the odor? I know it would stain, don't really care about that. Would it stay put if I put a thick, heavy fitted sheet over it or would it fly off and make a mess in the room (as in, how fine...
I use this in my marineland 350 filter with the blue sleve like it states in my saltwater tank.Does anyone know when it needs changed? I couldnt find anywhere where it states when to change it.Help!
Can this product remove odors in the house caused from burning something on the stove?
what is the mesh size of this carbon?
please advise me: does PEAT afect the internal parts of recirculation pums or the submerged UV lamp?
My PH is 7.6 after a partial water change in my 55 gallon tank Will this lower the PH to say 6.5 or less? How long would it take n how much do I use?
Says to place peat in mesh bag in 2nd(middle) container of Fluval 306...Should I replace whats in the 2nd basket with this or add to biomax media?
I have a 26gal tank with a ph of around 7.6 and want to bring it down to 6.5. How much should i use of this? This is for a CRS tank.
How often will this need replaced?
How long does it last or what is the replacement interval?
Can use this as part of my susbrate in a planted tank? Will it help growth?
Can this be used for non aquarium needs? I grow orchids and these appear to be a great alternative to peat moss.
does PEAT afect the performance of recirculation pums or submerged UV lamps.?
how much does instructions say to use.i have a 3 hundred gallon tank and would like to know if I need to order more than one box
is this food or does it go in the litter box while potty training?
how come my guinea pig eats so much Kaytee food?
How long does this 24ounce bag of hay normally last 1 rabbit?
Can I feed my chinchilla with this hay?
I have a 40 gal. tank. I use 2 largeWhisper fiter cartidges with charcoal. Do I just mix the ammonia nueturalizer in with the charcoal?
Perfect Ok filter baskets can be, but how much this is my question how much amount?
Has anyone used this in a pond?
How quickly does it remove ammonia from the water? e.g. does it remove 80% of whatever it will remove on the first day, and the other 20% later?
Are these crystals "rechargeable" like the way the API Ammo Chips allegedly are?
Is this safe for Inverts &amp; does it screw up the Nitrogen cycle &amp; cause ammonia spikes as some suggest?
2 quesitions, wat is this stuff made of? naterual or sysnthetic? and how long does this last an how do you no when in needs changing?
This product is put into a bag and enters the canister?
HOW MUCH PER 10 GAL DO YOU USE
hello all, i had a question. do the particles float.
Will this absorb cigarette smoke from rooms?
Will this product remove the smell of incense from a home? Will it remove the smell of air fresheners and cleaners?
Can I use this for my teeth?
Is this food grade?
Can I use in bath tub
Will this product remove body order from clothes made of synthetic materials?
Is it powder? Can I use it for soap making?
will this get rat smell out a room?
Can you tell me the mesh size of these pellets? I need 10-20 mesh (840-2000 microns).
Is this what is used in aquarium filters? Thanks!
what size tubing is needed for this?
please tell me how does this work and all information on it a friend has recommended this to me
First of its kind I installed. I see it glow in the dark through the housing? Is that a problem for fish or liner??
How can this handle a 3000gph pump with only a 3/4" input? It must really be cutting the flow and raising the speed, which cuts the effectiveness.
Can this UV light be installed inline with the Pondmaster Fountain Filter Kit ?
Hello, i would like to know how many volt is this UV? Have included the lamp? and if is suits for salt water aquarium? Thank you
what is the warranty
does it come with a uv light
will i have problems with nitrate if i use uv?
What is the amount of light needed for 650 gal. pond? Is 40 watts too much? What size pump would you need.
will this part work on 305......305 aquastop valve
will it work on 304 series
Will this part work for my 205 Fluval Canister Filter? I broke the black and gray plastic part between the two handles you push down (snapped) :(
Will this work on a fluval 306 canister filter?
fluval manual has a different part number for 104 and 204 and a different part number for 304 and 404. are you sure this part will work on a 404 ?
The main description states that it's for the 305. But, later on it says the 304. So which is it - will it fit both?
Tubing diameter is 3/4 inch. Is this measured as an internal diametrer measurement?
Will this also fit the FX6?
Will this tubing also working on the 404?
Why will this hose not ship to Hawaii? No where on this island is this individual hose available, and I need a new one. Please help me find out.
Does this hose work with the Fluval 406 canister filter model?
can i cut the tube to make it shorter then attach the silver thingy??
Has anyone ever tied this on Dropsy? Did it help/work??
i have a 4 gallon tank how much drops can i use? im confused on the instructions so i just added 3 drops :0
My Betta has a real bad case of Vevlet. Will this work, or should I stick with Copper safe, or Aquari-Sol?
Can I use this on bettas, or do I have to use bettafix only?
Can this heal a badly torn/bitten fin?
How long this can be used to treat fin rot? today is day 6 so far no visible changes or regrowth, should I stop after 7 days or just keep use it?
Does it harm invertebrates like shrimp/dwarf crayfish/snails? Can it be used combined with Pimafix to treat ich?
Does this product (MelaFix) work well for guppies? i have one little guppie that got himself stuck inbetween some rocks and has seemed weak eversince.
My betta fish glimer has fin rot worried i love him im buying a 10 gal fish tank (walmart) please please HELP ME WILL IT WORK
Is this safe for use in a tank with scaleless fish, such as an elephant nose?
Can this product be used on any plant to boost photosynthesis?
I have several fancy guppies. Has anyone used Seachem Flourish Excel with guppies in their tank and, if so, any problems?
What causes this product to kill algae, and does it kill anything else (like beneficial bacteria)?
I wonder should i use Seachem Flourish Excel together with Trace at the same time?
Will it remove black brush algae?
Can you safely use this product with fish and plant combo aquariums? Will this product hurt fish?
How I use this for my tank 20 gallons
What's the difference between the Seachem Flourish Excel and the Seachem Flourish "non excel"?
Is the product compatible with freshwater invertebrates, like amano shrimp?
Does this product lower the ph in the tank?
Is the red stuff in this thermometer supposed to be liquid or like a wax plug? I am not sure if this froze and ruined the thermometer.
Does the suction cup react badly to acrylic? Other thermometer suction cups have been reported to leave permanent rings on acrylic tanks.
What is the temperature range of the thermometer? I need one for a turtle tank.
can you let the thermometer just float around? Or does it have to be attached to the suction cup?
How tall is the actual thermometer? Also, is the suction cup clear color or green like in the Amazon picture?
Does this product have copper in it?
Is this product safe for fish
Will this product "kill" algae? I have algae eaters and want to keep them.
Can I pour this directly to the fish? Or should I mix it in a gallon of water with the stress coat + while doing a water change?
I'm only using the API Leaf Zone for my amazon sword and aqua fern plants. Will this be enough for the plants or do I need to add something else?
Can I dose Seachams Prime and Leaf Zone at the same time? /Thanks
I am new at keeping live plants in fact I am waiting on my first order. I purchsaed this plant food but was also told I needed Flourish Excel, the ingredients are organic carbon. Are the these the same thing, ( plant food) ? and do I need to use both...
Can i have leaf zone shipped even to india?
I end up with alot of foam at the top of my aquariums when I add prime,Have I added too much to my tap water changes,My Tap water is high in iron
Instruction reads use 1 capful for every 50 gallons of new water. So a 35% change on 55 gal. tank, takes 1/4 cap? Sounds too good to be true.
Do I need to use this in my pond, as well?
Is this the same Seachem Prime? Since the "cover" looks different. And is this product 500 mL or 250 mL (according to the picture)?
Is there an expiration date for the product? 5000 gallons of treatment will take several years to use up
Is this the only thing you have to use when adding water? Like does it also condition the water?
How long does it take to work when setting up a new tank? Thanks!!
Does this have an expiration date? Thanks!
Is this worth using if we have well water? I would be using in my 75 gallon mbuna cichlid, and two 2.5 gallon betta tanks.
does this product clear up cloudy water? i have tried everything i know.
Anyone know where Petmate products are manufactured?
Are these milk rings? Cat's could eat them.
what are these how exactly do they work ??
Are these a choking hazard for our dog? I am afraid the cat will leave them around and the dog (a 50-pound boxer mix) would find them.
I have a 29 gal fish tank. what size should I get?
what is the best way to clean the mag after use ?
how to clean
I have a 75 gallon tank I am just setting up. Which size should I buy?
I have a 55 gal glass bow tank, wondering if this product would be ok to use?
do you leave it attached to the tank or do you take it off after each use?
i put it in my aquarium and it won't magnetize. I used small. I think the glass is too thick. would a larger one magnetize?
I have a 45 Gallon tank. What would be the recommended size for me?
Will the cleaner scratch the glass? Is the medium the correct size for a 65 gal tank?
can this be used on acrylic tanks without scratching?
how long does the bulb last?
What type of bulb is this? (Halogen, flood, etc) I dont understand the difference between these and regular light bulbs
What is the operating voltage?
These burn out far within weeks. What is a better brand that will last longer?
My bulb starting making a quiet ringing noise when turned on today. Should I be worried? I am using it as a basking spot for a bearded dragon.
does this fit the mini deep dome lamp?
does this produce uvb and uva if so what is the output?
is this a heat bulb?
Is this a lamp and bulbs, or just bulbs?
What's the application difference of PowerHead + QuickFilter vs Aquaclear Power Filter?
i'm using a quick filter with a coarse foam prefilter instead of standard insert to increase biological filtration. is this combo worth using?
How does this fit on the powerhead?
will it fit maxi-jet powerhead?
My filter does not hold on the 50 powerhead. Any help would be greatly appreciated.
Will this work on the aquaclear 70 intake?
Does the AquaClear 50 PowerHead have a carbon filter cartridge available that fits in the "cage"? The "Aquaclear Activated Carbon Insert" doesn't fit
does this quick filter come with any kind of filter media?
does this prevent small fish from getting sucked up into intake portion? does it work like a screen?
When I put my quick filter on my powerhead 50 it does not let it shoot bubbles out anymore. Anyone know how to fix this?
Can I use this product to clean bird droppings off of the stucco exterior of a house?
when using this to clean a bird cage do you need to rinse it all off? I am always afraid i will not rinse the cage well enough.
Is this an antibacterial agent as well? Particularly Salmonella for disinfecting reptile enclosures?
Does this product have a record of causing a leopard gecko's death?
are you suppose to rinse the cartridge before putting it into the filter?
Whats the actual measurement of the filter? Size from top to bottom, from side to side, I know what power filters it fits, but I need the measurements
Will this fit a penguin 350? (4 elements)
I inherited a small counter top plastic tank kit with a Marineland filter and hood. Which cartridge is 3" x 4"?
are the filters wrapped in plastic in the 6 pack box or are they just in the box?
It says change every 2-4 weeks. What if the blue part gets too covered in green gook, is it OK to rinse that off and keep using it for the remainder?
Hi. I have a Aquatop PFE-3 pump. When I search Amazon, this filter comes up. Will this fit my Aquatop PFE-3 hang on filter?
Can I use it with Seachem Purigen 100ml? do I need to remove the purigen from the filter when using it?
Using the measuring cup, assuming the 1ml is safe to use on a 1gal tank for Betta?
can it be used on plate fry?
What are the active ingredients in this product?
does this work for popeye
does this work for fuzzy fungus
How many gallons of water does 16 ounces treat?
Is this bedding safe/good for gerbils? I have heard mixed opinions about this product.
What is this bedding made of? I'm scared some of the materialcan go in my guinea pigs lungs...
Can it be used for nesting material for chickens?
Is this the BEST bedding for rats? I'm getting 2 female rats (Abby and Grace) and I was just wonderin' because I want to get the BEST quality. PLEASE
It may be a dumb question, but, would this bedding be ok for a chinchilla??
How does this compare to the Carefresh Ultra pet bedding?
Has anyone noticed a different odor in recent batches? We've used brand a long time &amp; this last batch had a very peculiar, plastic type odor.
How many cage cleanings will the 60 L size last? I have a hedgehog in a cage that's approximately 3 ft x 1.5 ft.
Someone asked me about problems &amp; at the time there were none. We just stopped using it due to a bad smell &amp; texture. Anyone else now?
Does this stick to the bunnies fur like aspen shavings? I have a lionhead and she tracks the aspen shaving all over the house. I am trying to find something inexpensive that will not track as badly.
Where is this product made? Does anyone know if this product is made in the US?
What are the ingredients?
What is the expiry date?
Is this toothpaste the kind that foams and cleans this way
Will this help to remove some tarter buildup?
Is this safe for puppies?
Is there Dextrose (sugar) in this product?
How long does a tube last if you brush a large dog's teeth once a week?
The Sentry Petrodex Toothpaste has different photo and doesn't have Sentry HC. Is it the same product?
is it sold as a pump anymore?
is it live food?
mine froze in the fridge, should i get a new bottle?
Does it go bad? I have had mine for over a year.
Is this a sufficient food source for flames scallops?
how often should i use this product?
Is this product a substitute for cyclopeez?
Anyone know the size of the plankton???
does it bleach color from carpets
Used two bottles on urine on carpet two weeks ago and it has this weird sticky feel. The carpet was cleaned prior to application
Most of the information says this product is for dogs. Does it not work for cat urine accidents?
Will this eliminate urine odors from my carpet that have already set in for several weeks/months?
Our dog gets skunked sometimes ... can you shampoo a dog with this?
Has anyone tried using this product on granite (floor) tiles? Any issues?
can this product be used on laminate floors
Where is product made?
why is it that I cannot use this on wood? i have a garage door (wooden) that my cat keeps spraying on. Also, will this keep the cat from going back
I sprayed this all over my bathroom floor and let it dry. How long before I can wash my floor, and what with? I was thinking vinegar (also deterrent).
How exactly do you feed this to a fish? I have a betta and when I try to to cut off a piece of th it just turns into powder. Thanks!
These are eggs to hatch?
does it sink?
can you use this food for sea monkeys
What is the biggest difference (nutritional) between this and the Hikari Spirunlina Brine Shrimp Cubes? I want to buy the best one.
How many bags should i purchase for a 55 gallon tank? possibly 2? and I'm interested in trying the Carib Sea flora max as well. :)
Will one bag be enough for a 30 gallon tank?
hello, i already setup my planted tank, i want to add more this product. can i do that ?
How fine is this? Can you vacuum it?
is this better than eco complete substrate?
how much of this is enough for a 20 gallon high fish tank?
Your add says you have 11 left but the quantity tab only has a choice of 3.
Is this chemically inert meaning contains no nutrients for plants. Could I use this Flourite alone for my plants to survive?
What is the difference between fluorite dark and fluorite?
I paid $29.99 for the 150 box in late November. It was an Amazon item not from Value Pet Supplies. Why this huge increase?
In December, I paid 29.99$ with free 2 day shipping (prime) for a box of 150....How can one justify $42 + 6$ shipping? Sounds like price gouging, plain and simple!
how many in a box of 150
I have a 17 year old Jack Russell. Is it possible to train her to use the pads at this stage of her life?
Question for vendor: Can you provide a close-up picture of the quilted pattern on the pad that you sell?
I've been using four paws forever and this particular box is much thinner and cotton is visible from the outside. Anyone else notice?
I've tried small and small on male maltese and small works best. However I can't find small size to purchase. Are the trainers considered SMALL?.
is this the size 22*23 of the 150 pack?
Do these pads have a scent or fragrance? I do not mean the attractant, I mean do they have a smell put on them also?
how many pads are used daily ? am considering getting a small puppy or dog. so for puppy how many? for dog?
Would this be okay in a BRACKISH tank ?
Can you use a gravel suction cleaner with the sand or will it just get sucked up?
For a 20 gallon tank.. Would I just need one bag? I'm a relative noob to this, so is this good for freshwater fish? I just want to have the best!
Should this be rinsed prior to using it?
how long can you keep this sand in bag before it kills the sand
I'm going to be setting up my tank soon and was wondering if I can use this as my only substrate, or add something else in conjunction? thanks
l read in the reviews that some people wash it before using. Wouldn't that kill or wash out the 'live' part of the sand?
Can this be used in a cichild tank? (Fresh water)
My ammonia didn't spike at all. live rock is in, did your ammonia spike with this sand?
seems i got mine without clarifier. water is cloudy after 3 days 'I have not put salt in yet .should drain the water and then add water and salt ?
Would this filter be too strong for a 20 gallon planted tank?
Does this come with everything needed to install it in a tank( cartrages, etc.)?
The vido show how to get it started how about cleaning it. It doesn't show how to disconnect it with. Does this have a quick disconnect.
Will this help with filtration for turtles?
wich is the diference between 350 and 350 pro?
Does this come with carbon?
im going to use this in my sump and i was curious if it is submersible?
can this work with saltwater
Can the canister be run without the BIO Wheels with the 350 Pro? I do not have room now, but would like to use them after upgrading aquarium size.
I am considering this for my 55 gallon corner tank will adding the bio wheel mean the tank needs to sit far out from the wall?
If you feed 5 - 10 pellets twice a day, about how long would this package last? I'm guessing 2 - 3 months?
Is this okay for a grown male betta? Thanks!
I have two bettas in their own tanks. I am planning on getting this for them. How long should it last? also how often should I feed them this?
How is it position in the tank? Top or bottom?
Does the filter come with the Magnum Micron Cartridge in the box?
Do you replace carbon everytime you clean filter?
Can you use this filter to vacuum the bottom
Is this a diatomaceous filter that uses diatomaceous earth to polish the water when you want to?
Do you use the polisher over the diatom paper filter
What do they mean by "Dual Purpose"?
Does the Magnum 350 come with a Marineland PA0145 Magnum Carbon &amp; Media Container?
Does the filter come with the quick disconnects for the hoses?
Is this a good alternative for Tetra Pond pellets Spring &amp; Fall? I like the price.
Could I give this to fish that are in a tank?
do they sink
What size pellets is the 5 pound bag? will small gold fish able to eat them?
Is there an an ingredient list for this product? It would be helpful in comparing similar products. Thank you.
are these bowls made in the usa?
Do these bowls contain any amount of lead?
Is it 5" X 2.5"
Is the 5" measurement inside or outside?
Are they microwave safe?
Can these bowls be put in the dishwasher?
How many onces does it hold?
I had one in the past, but this does not show an extention that will reach the bottom, I use it for polishing while sturring up the gravel.
Is there a power switch on the back of the unit?
How far down does the output nozzle reach? I have one of the old models and don't like that the output is so short/high--creates splashing. Thanks.
i wanna ask if the voltage is 220 or 110?
Replacement internal basket for H.O.T. magnum filter: Can you buy these by themselves without the whole filter?
FIlter: Marineland HOT Magnum / is this ok for saltwater 30 gallon?
Put it together
does it come with the micron filter.and carbon also
I have this filter, and it leaks slightly whenever it is powered off. Is this normal for this filter or do I have a bad unit?
What's the difference between the regular 250 and the pro, is it only the addition of the biowheel?
The buble don't run in the ladder,what wrong?
Can you shut it off at night?
can i cut off the the co2 during night time with a plastic valve
does anyone know if this product is clinically proven for the claim of guaranteed results in 15 days?
Is this safe for fish bc CO2 typically drops the PH. Anyone has lost any fish due to PH fluctuations?
can I replace the bubble ladder with a Co2 Diffuser Glass?
Would this be good for a 29 gallon fish tank? I want to add some plants to it without investing in a C02 tank type system on a budget.
One time mix can use how many days? My tank use only 20 days it ok?
I install this 30 hours ago ,I seen buble but it take to long about 5 minutes, this is normal?
How much sugar I need for this one?
Anyone had the issue of water leaking from where the power cable meets the pump/motor? Hooked the new filter up last night, woke up to a MASSIVE mess.
How do you have your filter set up? I am wondering if I have too many 20,30,white pads in the filter?
Can this filter be used for salt water aquariums?
New to Canister Filters, I've a 75gal Live Tropical Plant Tank. I've read that this only comes w/ sample media/filters. What do I need to Buy with it?
I can't get the air out of the filter any suggestions or anybody had this issue?
Is the Rena filstar xp3 is the Sam as this unit
Does this filter come with the necessary hoses?
I was running fluval 406 &amp; wondering if XP3 or XP4 is the most comparable. I have a 55 gallon tank with 1 res turtle (9in) and a pleco.
I have a 55 gal tank with res turtle that measures 9 in and was wondering if the XP3 would be good enough or should I go with the XP4?
i just bought this filter and it leaks at the power cord after 15 min of running i have the hoses at a perfect length not to long and no tension on th
i need a replacement canister! 6 month old apifilstar cracked 2 in. on the corner.for no apparent reason.
This filter works in a 100 / 150 gallon tank?
is this an external or internal filter
i have a 3 foot tall vivarium and would like to use this for the small pond section. would this filter be strong enoug to syphon/suck water up 3 feet?
does it come with any media?
Does the filter work well enough to eliminate the need for a skimmer? What if I get a larger unit (say a L or XL) for our 55 gallon tank?
My fluval 404 just died after about 5 years and was a pain to prime. What size for an almost full 60 gallon slider tank..M or L.
I have 60 gallon tank with a male slider my fluval 404 filter just died on me
i have a 40 gallon tank, what size filtration canister do i need? also does filstar canister filter come with everything i need to get started?
Does the filter work well enough to eliminate the need for a skimmer? What if I get a larger unit (say a L or XL) for our 55 gallon tank?
is it home machine washable?
How is this different from the regular canine hardware travel bed?
Does a 60 pounds Shepherd puppy fit comfortably on this bed?
Does the top rip easily due to the dogs nails?
How does the bed hold up to a chewing dog?
I am concerned about the padding on this bed. Is it supportive of their joints, or is it just cheap cotton batting, so they're nearly on the ground?
How much does it weigh?
does the stuff sack have a carrying handle of any kind?
Is this too warm in the summer? All of my dogs so far have loved to lie on the kitchen floor vs carpeting, even with the A/C cranked.
Do you put it in the dryer? If yes,, how long does it take to dry?
What are the exact measurements of each peace of the set?
Why is it so difficult to find out the exact overall dimensions of a fully assembled piece?
is it two piece set right
Would this work on a 75 gallon aquarium without a center brace?
Would This item work for a 90 g, without a center brace
Is there a place to put the filter? Or do I need to make modifications?
I assume that this is two separate pieces. What are the actual dimensions of the two separate pieces?
Can I put this cat door in a basement casement window that opens by sliding sideways?
I have a hollow door I want to install this in. Will the liner prevent me from seeing inside of the hollow space of the door?
What are its outside dimensions?
Can someone tell me how much air leaks through/around this door? Will it make it noticeably colder in a small bathroom in winter? I'm in the midwest
Will this work for a door that is 1/2 inch thin?
What is the exact hole size I need to cut? I want to put it in the bottom solid section of door with large window and only have a little over 8"
Can this be installed on a garage door panel which is much thinner than a standard entry door?
Will this work in an exterior wall approximately 6.5" thick. or is it only for a door installation? Thank you!
Would mice and other pests be able to get in through this?
Can this be used on an outside door? The description says weatherproof but the video says interior door...
Is a 400 gal pond too small to use a 1000 fish mates pressurized filter with a fish mates 800 gph pump?
Where can I buy a replacement UV light for this unit?
What kind of pressure is needed to make this work? I have a high flow but low pressure pump for my stream, would I need to buy something else?
How do I remove the existing UV light to replace it?
Can this unit be used with a fountain kit or just waterfalls. Does the discharge of the clean water have enough force to use a fountain?
can i use this with a 6100 gph pump
How large a pump can I use?
Is the canister submursible? I'm curious if I can place the filter in my pond?
Do I need to clean my pond before using my new filter 2000p-uv/3000p - uv only has brown water
Does the Fish Mate 2000 have its own internal pump motor or does it need to be connected to an external pump?
Are you aware that brown rice has a lot of arsenic as compared to white rice grown in CA? I wish Dr. Harvey would adjust the ingredients based on recent studies.
Does the food stain the mouth or paws? My dog's beard and paws are white.
Do you mix this with cooked meat or raw?
is anyone having any staining issues with this food?
Does this roof have any 'tabs' that are intended to wrap around the edge of the xpen? Or is it completely flat and you fasten it with clips?
Does this double as extenders (make larger pen) for 48" pens?
I spoke to someone at Precision Pets today and they told me the door of the pen cannot be opened with the top in place. Is this true?
What are the deminsions of the door? How high off the ground is it and how many inches below the top of the pen is the door? Thanks.
Could you block this in with one wall and some chairs so dog can't move it?
can the pens be extended to a fence
Some found the pen was too easily moved around indoors by their pets. Does connecting it to a crate correct this? Or are the sides that manipulative?
Is it ideal to use this product for two, un-crate-trained, 1 year-old, 30 lb dogs? Also, is it ideal for wood floors?
how tall is the medium size pen?
How far apart are the bars spaced?
What do the sizes mean? What are the dimensions of Small, Medium, Large, Med./Large, and Jumbo?
Does this gate go all the way to the top opening? The picture looks like the gate is enclosed in panel, but reviews imply the opening is to the top.
How big is the jumbo size?
What guage wire is it?
Show the ingredient label. Where is the product made? Are all ingredients from USA?
Hi is the medicine in a bisquit were the dog will eat it? or is it in a pill form where you havve to push it down their throats...
Is It made with all natural ingredients ?
What is the recommended dog weight for the medium vs. large Liperderm caps?
It would really help if we could see the ingrediants, my dog needs more than the usual 450 mg, so seeing the ingrediants would really help.
Hi There. Do you or are you able to ship this item to SAO PAULO- Brazil ?
are the capsules absorbed more readily than tablets
How old does your dog have to be to start? I have a five month old French Bulldob
What is the Nutramax Cosequin DS Double-Strength expiration dates?
Has anyone used for their cats? Cheaper to buy dog version
How big are the tablets? Size of dime, bigger or smaller? Are they scored to give one half and one fourth?
I`m planning to purchase some packs of this product and would like to be sure the expiration date. Can you please confirm ?
are the chewable good tasting
what's the exp date?
Does this work on wood furniture too like table legs and things like that?
how often should i spray grannicks bitter apple
does it stop dogs from chewing door frames
Can humans smell this? I see some people put in on their clothing too.
is this safe to spray directly on paws?
What about house 'potty' training?... I remember decades ago, someone recommending bitter apple for accidents to prevent to pup from returning to the spot.
Can you spray this on carpet? My dog will NOT stop chewing up the carpet!
Have tried all kinds of spray, what is different about this one?
Does this work for cats too? My cat is a cord biter.
will this keep my dog from chewing on wood..stairs..bookcases..tables..etc?
It may be obvious, but how do i get my dog to even let me use this? I got it and he licks the toothpaste and wont open his mouth
Where is this product manufactured?
Will this toothbrush be suitable for a 5 lb chihuahua, or is it too big?
Does it help with bad breathe?
what are the ingredients?
Does it actually work for whitening teeth? I have a dog show coming up and want her to look, and smell, her best.
Will the medium fit a cocktiel? He's about 7 years old.
What color is this FlightSuit?
will this fit an Corella?
will this fit an Alexandrine?
Would this fit an African Grey?
i have a quaker but even though he is eleven he is kind of on the small size. should i still get this size?
Are you selling individual 4-gram packets or a box of three 4-gram packets as the picture suggests?
My dogs weigh 25 - 30 lbs. Have 4 dogs. Want to do a 3 day wormer on all 4????
Can someone tell me how it works - loose stools, etc. since I will be traveling with my dog the next day - I need to know if I should hold off on trip
What are the active and inactive ingredients of Panacur C?
Hey, I'm trying to order 4 boxes but it's charging me 4 shipping charges. That seems a bit excessive. Can you do anything about that?
Says FDA approved for dogs only. But can I use it in a cat?
Is the Panacur C expired (expiration date on package) ?
Seachem Matrix or Fluval Biomax? and why?
I have a 2.5 gallon tank with a sponge filter, betta, shrimp. How do you recommend using product?
Do you have to put this product in a media bag, like the Seachem Bag ??
I have a Magnum 350 filter which has a canister that has charcoal on the inside and a foam sleeve outside. Do I use this to replace the charcoal?
Does Matrix Bio Media float? Is it suitable as a substrate in an aquarium?
Is this stuff light enough to use like you would Kaldnes K1 media, for a fluidized bed?
can this be used in a reactor?
New aquarium owner here. Aqueon 10 Power Filter, M size carbon &amp; Aqueon AT 15 submersible also used w carbon. Can this product be used in either?
what can you put this in? I have a canister filter and also a reactor..
I'm the new owner of an aquarium with a water pump and filtration system. How do I use it?
Does this contain erythromycin?
Can I use this with cherry shrimp in the tank? I have a Goldfish with Ich.
Is this the same as Prazipro?
My betta has fin rot - AQ salt treatment, Jungle Fungus Clear tab did not work. Can I use this in conjuction with Seachem Prime?
Is it reef safe have alot of corals
Howdy, has anyone recently ordered paraguard that is a light blue (almost clear) in color? I would just like to know if this color is normal. Thanks.
Will this work in my Betta fry tank?
Is is OK with plants?
One of my fish died from what I believe was a parasite. Had him in a hospital tank. Can I use this to proactively treat my main tank?
Does this discolor your tank in any way?
Can somebody please tell me (a newbie aquarium keeper) if this product takes the place of other media or is it meant to be used in addition to the other media? Thanks!
why does this not work as good after you recharge it? it does not even come close to what it was when you first use it .
I have the Eclipse 38 Gallon tank, Marineland Cartridge H. Looking to see if this might fit! Thanks for the help!
100ml will filter how many gallons, just want to know if I should buy two to fit in my canister, thanks
I have a 55 gallon tank with 2 filters (AquaClear 70 &amp; Fluval C4), Should I put this in both filters? Or leave carbon in one
Would this item be good for a 5 gallon tank?
Is this Purigen in a bag or do I need to purchase a separate filter bag?
does it works as good after you recharged it as when the first time you use it before soaking it in the bleach and water?
New to fish hobby, I have a Aqua-Tech 10-20 gallon filter. Where would I put Seachem Purigen bag at in filter? Thanks for your help..
Hi, i have been using PURIGEN for 5 days and my water is clearer but is not crystal clear. Am i suppose to use PURIGEN and also the carbon?
How does this product compare with Eheim Biological Filter Medium?
/how does this compare to eheim substrat pro?
Will matrix absorb copper?
If I use Matrix to replace all my Fluval BioMax then How long it going to last before replacement?
Can Matrix be used in a phosban 550 reactor and at what flow rate? This is for a 300 gallon reef tank. Thanks
Is this a suitable replacement for the "Biomax" filter rocks sold by Aquaclear? http://www.amazon.com/Aqua-Clear-A137...
How does Seachem Matrix compare with Seachem Denitrate?
Did this come sealed inside the cap? I read that it's supposed to, mine did not come sealed. Also, mine has a different label than the picture shown
how high is it. better yet all dimensions ?
Will i be able to hang this cage?
Does this cage have a bottom grill?
Is this cage large enough to accomidate two adult parakeets easily?
Does this cage come with a stand?
Does this cage come with a stand?
Is it okay for an African Gray parrot?
how tall is this cage?
Does it collapse and fold away easily?
can you fit 2 cockatiels?
is there a place to hang a nestbox?
Is the divider removable?
Is the divider removable?
Are there in fact 6 cages included in this purchase?
Breeding cages have two compartments in each cage. Are there two compartments?
Are these cages collapsible or do they come folded?
what is the size of each cage
Are the perches removable?
Does this come with all 6 cages or just one?
$38.88 is for one cage or for 6 cages. If you don' answer me in 24 hours, I will walk away and never come back, because I don' see answers for other q
Can a indian ringneck fit in this cage?
Does the cage detach from the stand?
Is there any lead, why aren't written instructions included and is this cage suitable for a pair of English Budgies who are 9" tall at maturity.
Where are the "instructions"?
I just received my cage today but there aren't any instructions or diagrams in the box. Do you guys know where I could get them? Maybe a website.
is this cage suitable for a parrotlet?
is this big enough for an african gray? im looking the biggest cheap one i can find
How tall is just the cage?
i have limited space is it actually 20x20 ?
Is all the metal on the cage coated, including the bottom grate?
Is the bar spacing safe for Zebra Finches?
Can two lovebirds fit in this cage? Also, what is the guage?
im getting a quaker parrot soon an i was wondering if the cage is big enough for it
is this a dark green? the picture looks to be black but the product information states green
WHAT is The Cage Made Out Of? Certain.Material Not Safe?
Can an indian ringneck fit in this cage?
Would the bars be spaced to far apart for this to be safe for a Parkeet? Thanks!
where is this shipped from,?
Would this cage be good for a Quarker Parrot.
Do you think a cat could knock it over or push it over?
Does this decrease shedding?
3 dogs multiple weights: How much should i give in this situation?
is the dog and cat supplement the same?
Can this product be used with puppies?
Just got a bottle and the pump doesn't pump. Do I need to turn it first, remove the plastic ring between the pump and the cap or do something else?
does it work well with blue pitbulls who are known to have skin problems
Should this be refrigerated after opening?
How many pumps / squirts will you get out of the bottle? (for example, the 32 ounce size)?
vet wants 1250 mg epa and 850 mg dha does this product meet this requirement?
what are the ingredients?
Grizzly Pet Products' website states there IS rosemary in it. Is there another version of the oil that is not on the website?
Does this smell like salmon? I want to use this to get my cat interested in other flavored foods and then ween this salmon taste/smell from the food.
Does tgis have taurine in it?
What is the nutritional content of this?
Are there different ingred in the salmon oil for dogs and cats?
What are the ingredients? Does this one have rosemary?
Does this decrease shedding?
3 dogs multiple weights: How much should i give in this situation?
is the dog and cat supplement the same?
Can this product be used with puppies?
Just got a bottle and the pump doesn't pump. Do I need to turn it first, remove the plastic ring between the pump and the cap or do something else?
does it work well with blue pitbulls who are known to have skin problems
Should this be refrigerated after opening?
How many pumps / squirts will you get out of the bottle? (for example, the 32 ounce size)?
vet wants 1250 mg epa and 850 mg dha does this product meet this requirement?
what are the ingredients?
How many doses in a container?
What are the ingredients?
How can you tell when this was manufactured and not a stale product?
How many USP of Lipase, protease, and amylase in each dose?
What is the dosage?
Do you need to refridgerate this item?
Where is this product made?
Does this product help to eliminate tear stains in white dogs such as a Bichon?
My puppy frequently has leaky anal glands; we tried pumpkin, no scoot, and shes fed grain free; has anyone with similar issues found this helps?
How do the ingredients compare to OptaGest?
What size is it. I'm giving my cat half a pill and the pill popper I have now is too big. The pill falls right out of the tip.
how long is it? Will it work with labs? (big dogs?)
Can this be used for goats?
Is there a way to loop this around a post or do you need to buy a tie out anchor? It's a perfect post that the dog will not get tangled in the cable.
Other cables I have bought seem to crack after a few months exposing the wire which then can snap. Will yours be better?
Would this be too heavy for a much smaller dog? 5 lb Pom.
What classifies as "Medium Weight?" I have a 50lbs Pincher-mutt-mix and I want to know if this is heavy-duty enough for him?
I have a chewer. How will this hold up?
what is the metal spring like thing at the end used for?
Can anyone recommend a collar to work with a tie out cable - we have a 35 lb Wheaten Terrier who has a lot of energy and strength.
What does this get attached to? Going on vacation with our dog and want to be able to give him freedom in unfenced backyard.
The picture shows a spring included but it's not mentioned anywhere and no comments in the reviews. Does it come with a spring for whiplash?
What would be a good combo for the stake as far as line and collars go? I have an ENERGETIC &amp; STRONG pit mix (about 55) do not want her to get loose.
I want to get this for camping, will it survive being used over and over?
Does this come with a cable or just the stake?
How high off the ground does this stand. Will I have to remove it to mow the lawn?
Wanting to take my dog to the beach, would this be good for that? What about removing it from the sand?
How difficult is this stake to remove from the ground when not being used?
What do I do about it leaking around the rim?
What size is the hose?
I currently have a aerator/fountian with a filter system I made (in tank), is 350 gph enough pressure to keep this working?
Does this thing make any noise?
How do you clean the filter? Is this a back wash filter?
Does it come with hose? And if not where can I buy the necessary hose? Thank you.
Is the Biofilter under pressure? Our other one leaked around the top when the pump was on.
I am building a large bait tank. What is the outside diameter of the threads if you remove the top?
What all does this filter come with? I assume it doesnt come with any tubing, but I wanted to make sure it came with filter pads and bio-balls.
How tall is the tube on the extra large?
If you use this to siphon debris out of gravel, how do you easily refill the tank with water? I just got a 55 gal tank.
Is this tall enough for a 15 gallon 2' cube tank? Also, would the tube be too wide?
How long is the tubing?
How long is the flexible tubing?
Do I need any other apparatus to go with this, or is this it?
What is the diameter (OD) of the tubing?
How long is the tube, and how long is the harder plastic part?
Does it screw on to the faucet for cleaning and filling?
Oh wow. Is there any other way to start it working besides syphoning it with my mouth. That's weirding me out.
Will it work for a 30 gallon tank
Can you attach it to the Python clean and fill unit (the one that does attach to the faucet) so that you can use this smaller unit for tight spots?
do I have to run a power head? and how does it work if I do not run a power head?
Where does the debris go that would normally collect on a regular filter pad?
my tank is 34x11 will this filter fit
Is everything needed to work this filter included?
Will this work in a 29 gallon tank?
if I wanted to run this with a power head. will that work?
My tank is 11 1/2 x 29 1/2 will this filter fit?
what else beside undergravel filter &amp; powerhead do I need
I need to know what is the real size of this is. It shows 2 different sizes for it?
will this wor for a 10 gal tank?
What is the dimension of this skimmer? Can it fit into a 2.75 inch wide space?
What other equipment is needed to make this run?
How much of this skimmer needs to be in the water? How many gallons would this work best for?
my water level is 9 inches... would this work?
Do I need to get anything else to make this filter work? air pump? etc?
my tank is divided into two sections connected by two tubes. each side is 21"x12". cannot find the exact size. do i have to use 10"x20" for each?
The tank I have is 10 gallon and after measuring the sides it comes to 10" x 20". Will this fit or have to modify the filter base to fit in?
I have a 5.5 gal. Tank to culture brine shrimp. Can I cut filter to fit smaller tank?
Will this work for a terrarium with only 3 or 4 inches of water?
My 10 gallon tank is measured at 10" x 20", can I use this filter kit, will the base fit?
Does this kit include a spring?
Is the trolley plastic or metal? Thank you.
How hard is it to shorten the cable?
Is this a complete kit? Does it include both cables?
Is the cable steel or what material? and is it plastic-covered like the red one, or is the metal exposed to the air?
I have an English Mastiff that is 160lbs and expected to be 200lbs. Is this strong enough to hold him?
Im confused the picture of this says for dogs over 50 lbs but the ad says recommended for dogs below 50 lbs. I have a 70lb dog will this product work?
How long is the lead that attaches to the dog? Is it adjustable? Also, does it really take 4-6 weeks before they ship???
Can you attach to of the trolleys together to make it longer. I need 175ft.
I'm probably going to be getting a heater to go in this tank but I am new to aquariums; is there a brand/style that anyone can suggest?
How do I increase water flow so it turns the bio-wheel? It just dribbles through.
Been using for ONE DAY. The light seems to have a short in it as its flickering. Is it possible to buy just the light assembly?
the 5 Galon or 6 Gallon Marineland Eclipse Acrylic Aquarium System, does it come with a) filter b) pump ?
I am going to try to buy one this Friday, however if it sells out how soon will you get more in?
filter
Shipping worldwide? I stay in Malaysia
What are the dimensions of this item?
What size filter cartridges does the 12 gallon Eclipse use?
aquarium stand: What aquarium stand would suit this Marineland Eclipse 12 gallon tank?
Is the attached base for this cage included in the 60 inch high measurement? If so, what are the cage only internal measurements?
is the bar thickness (OR thinness) the same as the prevue F040?
is it suitable for conures?
Is this big enough for a diamond dove?
what is the gauge or mm size of the wrought iron?
What does the "black hammertone finish" mean? I am looking for a cage for my sugar gliders and some finishes are toxic.
Is there a divider you can purchase separately to create separated top and bottom cages?
is this a good cage for an african grey? I know its for multiple smaller birds but would it be comfortable for a grey?
Can this cage be used as outdoors and safe from cats and raccoons?
Could this be used for a bird such as Timneh African Grey? Or is it not sturdy enough?
I m looking for Clear PVC pipe 1 ,2 ,3 ,4, 5, 6, and 12 inch diameter do you have some of that?
Do you have a 3/8" OD?
how many tubes in a pack
I wanna hook this to a Coralife super skimmer output. It looks like this comes in different sizes. Am I correct to assume I will get different sizes?
The website says diameters are OD. But what is the wall thickness? I'm looking for at least &lt; 1/16'', preferably &lt;= .02".
Hi! I am planning to use this piping as a CANE for a Halloween costume. Is this RIGID like a PVC pipe would be? I am NOT looking for tubing.
ALSO: I need the OUTSIDE diameter to be 30 mm or 1 and 1/8". Do you have such a measurement? THANKS!
set up med skimmer water level correct foam level correct,..but foam does not go up to domed lid, any help would be nice thanks,what am I doing wrong?
what type of pump does this skimmer need, becasue it doesnt look like it comes with one?
What extra stuff do i need to buy to operate the skimmer? Pump, and wooden airstone? is that all? Thanks!
how big should the air pump be?
how do I get the bubbles above the waterline I have it set where the water line is perfect the bubbles are just popping they're not going up to the c
whats a protein skimmer
It says this works up to a 50g tank, will it be useful for a 55g?
will this fit in my bio cube rear compartment and wiill i be able to close the lid in the back?
Will his fit in the Coralife BioCube 29? Will it stick up in the back and what compartment can it go in?
What is the withe size
would this work for a 6 gallon tank
Does it work with a sand substrate and plants?
Does anyone know the diameter of the siphon tube? I'm assuming the vacuum tube is 1" diameter.
Could I attach this to a Python that hooks up to the sink? Or what is the hose diameter?
How it works?
Would this mini size be ok with a 10 gallon tank or should I get the small size one ?
Can it hold a baby corn snake?
What is the diameter of the two cut outs (the two circles) on the top?
Is it sutible for a leapord gecko
Can mealworms be kept in here
Is this clear plastic? I am looking for a clear plastic tank for an experiment. It has to be transparent like glass, not translucent like most plasti
Will a cord for an aquarium heater be able to fit through the cracks in the lid? Also is there any place to put a filter?
Can I use it to keep 2 African dwarf frogs
can i use this as a quarintine tank for reef fish
Is it good for a few snails?
Can it be used as a carrier for tiger salamanders?
Will I get 9 tubes or only 1?
what's the difference between these and a straw, other than the fact that it's clear?
What is the inside diameter of the 3/16" tube
Will the ALE16005 Rigid Tubing stay at the bottom of the aquarium, on top of the substrate, without needing to be secured? Basically will it float?
Is this a solid tubing like the one's that are included in undergravel filters? Plan on using it for an LED project.
Is this tubing fine for standard flexible airline tubing? (i.e. standard tubing as in if I use a Whisper air pump with tubing that fits it.)
how does it attach to cage
bird deck: Shouldn't the lines be running horizontal, not vertical for the bird to grasp it comfortably?
Is it made in China?
What is the exact spacing of the horizontal bars? Thank you for your help.
Would this be the appropriate size for a Senegal parrot?
I'm trying to fine a bird cage cover that would fit 20x20x58 cage for my love birds
We currently cover our birds with a sheet and they wake us up every morning. Will they stay quiet until we uncover them with this cover?
will it work on dome top cage?
My cage is 22 by 17 by 35 inches tall. Will this fit?
Is this cover fits for the Prevue Hydrix model 3154W which has dimension 36 X 24 X 66 including playtop.
Will this cover fit the Prevue Offset Roof Cockatiel Cage?
would this cover fit a prevue cage 24 x 20 x 60 inches it has the playtop built in on top
Would this be way too big for the vision medium bird cage? (16 inches long x 25 inches wide x 21 inches high). If so, is there a good alternative?
Would this fit your xlarge flight cage model F050?
I need one that would cover a finch flight cage 18x18x 30 high..what would you recommend
What is the ID and OD of this hose?
how much air pressure it will hold
THIS WILL BE FOR A PULMONARY DEVICE AND i will be moving around with it alot and perhaps i need a heavier type?
What material is this made from? Silicone or Plastic?
What are the dimensions of this item? 3/16 ID?
I'm trying to fine a bird cage cover that would fit 20x20x58 cage for my love birds
We currently cover our birds with a sheet and they wake us up every morning. Will they stay quiet until we uncover them with this cover?
will it work on dome top cage?
My cage is 22 by 17 by 35 inches tall. Will this fit?
Is this cover fits for the Prevue Hydrix model 3154W which has dimension 36 X 24 X 66 including playtop.
Will this cover fit the Prevue Offset Roof Cockatiel Cage?
would this cover fit a prevue cage 24 x 20 x 60 inches it has the playtop built in on top
Would this be way too big for the vision medium bird cage? (16 inches long x 25 inches wide x 21 inches high). If so, is there a good alternative?
Would this fit your xlarge flight cage model F050?
I need one that would cover a finch flight cage 18x18x 30 high..what would you recommend
I'm trying to fine a bird cage cover that would fit 20x20x58 cage for my love birds
We currently cover our birds with a sheet and they wake us up every morning. Will they stay quiet until we uncover them with this cover?
will it work on dome top cage?
My cage is 22 by 17 by 35 inches tall. Will this fit?
Is this cover fits for the Prevue Hydrix model 3154W which has dimension 36 X 24 X 66 including playtop.
Will this cover fit the Prevue Offset Roof Cockatiel Cage?
would this cover fit a prevue cage 24 x 20 x 60 inches it has the playtop built in on top
Would this be way too big for the vision medium bird cage? (16 inches long x 25 inches wide x 21 inches high). If so, is there a good alternative?
Would this fit your xlarge flight cage model F050?
I need one that would cover a finch flight cage 18x18x 30 high..what would you recommend
Is this litter flushable?
can it used for bunny?
Is this product scoopable? And if so, how often does it have to be changed if only 1 cat is using it?
Do the pellets expand and crumble apart from the urine? I currently use pine litter which do crumble apart and make sifting the litter very easy.
I have two adult cats. How long does 30 lbs bag last for them? Let's say I scoop out poops and what I notice every day and add pellets as necessary.
is this product unscented?
I just bought this &amp; I seem to have difficulty telling the difference between cats' feces &amp; these pellets. They are the same color! How do you clean?
I've never used paper pellets litter before. what happens to the pellets cats peed on? Does it clump like other clump type litter?
A lot of recycled paper product contains bpa (ex. toilet paper). i'm wondering how wise it is to put soiled litter in compost. does bpa break down?
What is the ingredient of this litter? Does this include zeolite?
Is the Zoo Med ReptiCare Deluxe Rock Heater any good? I mean, specifically, can you rely on it's thermostat not to burn your pet?
This would be great for inside my 36"H ET Terrarium but the cord is too short and the Temp Regulator needs to be closer to the plug.
Will this get damaged if it sometimes gets sprayed by my Exo-Terra Monsoon Misting system?
What's better? This rather large heat rock or say the medium ZM Under Tank Heater used with the Zilla Green Terrarium Liner?
Twelve by seven inches sounds too large. Why is it so large that it takes up nearly the whole hot side of the enclosure? I was interested but not when the size of it sunk in.
How many watts is it?
I just got this and when opening the package I noticed they had stapled through the heater. Now the heat pad has two holes in it. should I return?
is this NOT for water tanks i ordered it then was told it would crack my tank i have a turtle and need to keep the tankhalf full of water
Can you use this with a dimmer switch?
Can I use this to keep a 3 gallon plastic chicken water font de-iced in the winter? I live on the Maine coast. Temps in twenties and teens most of the time. Couple of -0 days a year.
Would this be a good size to use under a 10 gallon tank for baby birds, such as Lovebirds and Cockatiels, to be handfed?
What is the best thermostat to use with this heat pad?
How do I regulate the temp on this item for my ball python?
what temperature is this set at from the factory?
Can you put this under a wood tank
IS the Medium Sized good for a 20gal tank? I have a small, but its not heating the tank at all. The temp. is 70f and it needs to be over 75f for my BP
Have one 100 watt with the 10" dome lamp fixture &amp; lamp stand + thermometer &amp; thermostat. need to reach 80 degrees, max is 70 running on high. advice?
Can this bulb be used in India - 240 Volts electricity?
Will this work on this item? http://www.amazon.com/Lutron-LC-300H-...
will this lamp work in dog house safely?
Can this bulb be used in a baby chicken brooder? If so, will it reach 95 degrees?
does this bulb plug into a 110v or 220v outlet?
Would this be suitable for a small chicken coop?
When first turning it on can you feel the heat quickly or takes a while to heat up?
Can this be used on a bird cage, or would the metal bars get too hot?
Using this to dry out meat inside of a Ply wood box (24"x12"x12"), is there any chance of fire with the 150Watt Emitter?
Max. watts?
Using the Zoo Med 100W ceramic heating bulb, does the bulb stick out below the rim? For placement directly on the cage, I mean.
Will this work with a CHE heater?
So if this doesn't come with a bulb, what kind of bulb should I get for this lamp?
will this keep my finches warm in outdoor aviary? If I hang over nest box 12 to 16 inches away will that be a good range? what bulb type for night?
the cords on other lamps are too short, 6 foot (with height), is this a long cord?
does it come with a bulb?
Will it work in rv to heat my berdid dragons cage
I need the heater for the night. Wouldn't this disrupt my birds sleepy time?
Is this safe to use with a dimmer switch?
does this heat up an entire tank
How would this work in a well house as my pump froze up last winter my well house is 4x4x8 feet only need it when it gets around 0 degrees fahrenheit.
Is 60 watts too powerful for my small hermit crabs in a twenty gallon tank? Currently using a space heater and want something less of a fire hazard
does this need a light bulb
What is the best wattage level when attached to the exterior of a parrots cage?
What are the actual dimensions of the bulb? Is the bulb itself 6 inches long or is that the package? My old one is 4 3/8" long
can you put this in a desk lamp ?
is it safe to leave it on all 24/7? it keeps my temps perfect day and night im not sure if its safe to leave it for so long.
Can you screw this into a regular floor lamp that doesn't have a porcelain incandescent socket?
mine has lost its stickiness, can i use tape to secure it to my 20 gal long?
Could I attache this under a metal chicken watering container to help keep it from freezing? Can it get wet and work outdoors in the winter?
Will it work for ball python baby? 10 gallon tub/tank, Small model
could it work to keep a 1 gallon jar of tea at a temp between 70 and 80 degrees in a cold kitchen?
Could this be used under a 60 gallon tank for two bearded dragons? Thanks.
I am interested in this heater for my gecko. Is it a good fit? If yes, how do I set it up? thanks!
Is this heating pad flexible so that I can wrap it around an edge?
can this be used for a 1 gal acquarium with one beta?
Just purchaased and after 24 hours it is barely warm and does not increase a 20 long tank at all, how warm is it suppose to get
How many prongs does the power cable have? 2 or 3?
to what temperature does this get to?
how many watts is this heater?
Is it water proof, can it get wet but not submerged.
I have a wooden stand I built for my snake and breaded dragon, if I get one of these for each should I worry about the wood burning?
Can I control the temperature of the pad?
Is this the 30-40 gallon UTH? The picture surely is not the large, is it?
Can this be used to heat a Hedgehog cage?
i have a 90 gallon bearded dragon tank would i be able to use two of these large sized mats on one side?
Can you use this mat with a plexiglass tanks?
what are the measurements of this mat? the med size dimension is larger than the small. please confirm measurements.
What are dimensions? Specifically the radius and depth of the bowl, and how high the water bottle is.
can u use this for hermit crabs too?
Any tips on how to make the water refill faster on its own? it seems I have to squeeze the bottle once in a while to get some of the water to flow
Can you get the label off the bottle?
can you hang it
Can u use a mercury vapor bulb in it
does it come with the light bulb?
would this work for a Canary? What bulb do you buy?
Would this lamp be an acceptable heat source for sugar gliders?
can I use it in Australia which is 220V?
is the cable output american or european?
Can you use a 100 watt ceramic heat emitter in this?
150
whats the wattage of the heater?
In product details giant size is listed as 18.2 x 8.2 x 2.3", but in Q&amp;A people say 12" &amp; 16". Which is correct?
can I use it in Korea which is 220V?
What are the dimensions in inches of the Giant size?
can this be used for chickens in winter outdoors?
what size is it?
Is this a trap or do you have to catch the fish and place them in it. I have a bout 15 fry I want to move to another tank and was looking for somethi
What is the size of this trap?
does it suction to the tank...or "hang"
how often does this have to be changed?
Why does it say " ; Use carefully when keeping live plants" in the last sentence above where the benefits are listed at the top?
I have the Fluval 306 canister filter, would this fit?
I have a Fluval 206. Am I supposed to use all 3 at once when changing? Just one? As many as I can cram in there? :)
Is this for a marine application, or just freshwater?
I have a 5 gallon freshwater tank. Would this work for me? Im new at this
Could I use this to connect to a 3/8ths inch opening for a water pump that pumps 30 GPH?
What size tube is this? Does anyone know the size of this tubing?
Is this 20' air line made of silicon like the ELITE 10' air line? The product description for the 20' does not say what material it is.
How long will this tubing last in air, not submerged in water, and pressurized only a few hours each week in a boat livewell aeration system?
What's the beneficial difference b/w using vinyl vs. silicon tubing for an air pump, other than silicon is more flexible?
What diameter is this? Could I use it for a hydration pack?
what is the diameter of the tubing
is this rock waterproof
What is the size of the mini?
Can I use it for a hedgehog?
Can I use this for my 4in red-footed tortoise?
I have a crested Gecko, do you think this would work for him, or should I be looking at side/under tank heaters instead?
can a reptile like a ball python or a bearded dragon lay directly on this without getting burnt?
Could this be used as the only heat source for golden/leopard geckos?
how hot does this rock get?
What is the voltage? 220 or 110?
Would this be good for a baby turtle and would I a be able to put in tank?
Will an API Ammonia Test still test positive for ammonia in the tank after this is added? Does it work like AmmoLock-detoxifies but does not remove?
Can i use this product in the fluval 206 filter
How can you tell if the granules have exhausted their ammonia reducing properties? Can you refresh the granules by baking or by bleaching?
Does it work for salt water tanks?
Are the mesh bags completely sealed? Or are they zipped closed? (Are they re-usable basically)
can this be used with biopads and ceramic rings with out messing them up? Does it effect the good bacteria growth? If I am reading everything correctly it's already in a mesh bag?
I ordered two of these bulbs and both were dead in minutes...and also never got very bright. Im very disappointed. Has anyone had this problem?
I got this bulb with a used hood and it seems to have a purplish/violet color to it, is that normal?
Is this light actinic? I'm wondering if it would be suitable for glofish.
Can anyone tell me what color it produces? 5000K? 12000K? Somewhere in between? Thx
Can I use this 24in x 61cm, my current bulb states 24in x 58.98cm?
any idea how well this would work with low light plants like java ferns and anubias?
What size of dog is this good for? Thanks!
Is this toy safe for 8 week old puppy-or is it meant for older dogs?
Does this toy float?
yellow kong bone shaped chew toy
what is the size of a medium Goodie Bone?
Anyone know where I can get a LARGE Extreme Kong Goodie Bone? Mediums don't cut it. Need something which will last. Thanks!
Are there different flavors?
Having hard time squeezing hard enough to get a wide opening to insert treats. Any suggestions?
Whats some good treats to put in here so the dog can't get all of it but will keep trying? I need something thats will last at least a few hours
Is this appropriate for a 14" bearded dragon? What size is best?
i have a 6 month old uromastyx, hes apx 6 ins. head to tip of tail, maybe 2 ins. wide around the belly and maybe 1 in. chest is small ok?
What size lizard is this meant for? I recently got my nephew a young leopard gecko.
what size would you recommend for a juvenile leopard gecko?
im getting a 12" savannah monitor what size do i get for him to be happy and comfy but not to loose
Is medium size good for an adult bearded dragon?
Can this work for an adult Bearded Dragon?
is the medium size good for a tegu with 7inch chest?
Would this be good for a medium size Uromastyx?
My bearded dragon is about 14 inches. Whats best?
my beardie is 10 inches what size leash would he need?
what size is good for a year old iguana&iquest;
Would a medium be good for a young Chinese Water Dragon?
Hey! i'd like to know, how big is the harness on the part that have to be around the lizard in cm? and how many colors can i choose between?
Ho long can I store the 50lb bag unopened? What is the approximate shelf life?
Is this a corn-free food mixture?
"I would like it better if it was timothy hay based not alfalfa. One review said it was timothy hay based". Which is it timothy or alfalfa?
What works better liquid or pills
My Lab sheds heavily all year. Doubt it is diet as coat is lovely. Eats Natural Balance Original. Will this stuff help her shedding much?
does it have a fishy smell or taste
does it help scaly skin
How long does this supply usually last for an adult dog?
I ordered " Premium Cat Tails Litter CAC00031 Premium Choice Extra Scooping Litter Jugs, 3/16-Pound" I assumed 3/16 pounds means 3 jugs of 16 pounds
So is this one jug or three? they've been reviewing it for a month
Is this one container or three? Description says 3/16, but shipping weight only shows 16 lbs.
can i use it for cats
i am extremely sentitive to scents in products does the dry leave a scent in the ear after a few minutes?
Tring to purchase but amazon states it cannot be shipped to the selected address. I live in California. Are you outside of u.s or something.
Does it have a drying agent?
What are the main ingredients?
This is restricted to my address in CA too. Perhaps, seller, since you've had numerous inquiries about this, you should look into it?
why can't this ship to California?
Does the canister filter be underneath my tank to work or can I use it right next to my tank?
Anyone use an Hydor Inline heater? I have a Fluval 406 that I'd like to swap out. The heater runs on the output and is 5/8".
Do these have to be upright or can they lay on their side during use? Thanks
Can this product be used with a 20 or 55 gallon tank?
Is there a warranty and is it a complete kit, (cannister, filter, etc.)?
What kind of pump does this filter require?
Does the 2215 come with the double tap quick release valves?
is there any difference between the Eheim 2215 and the 2215371?
is upgrading from my aqua clear 110 to this going to kick up the electric bill?
My saltwater retailer told me to search for a "loading" Eheim 2217 for a 90 gallon tank. Do I have the right one?
Just got one of these dryers and it has a high pitch whining sound the first time I used it. is this normal??
what is the length and width of this dryer?? does it take up a lot of room on the table??
i want to know if this is a good dryer?
How many amps does it pull?
How many amps does it pull?
Is anyone using this dryer for a groming business?
how large is the opening
Is this product for large cats? I have a 20lb cat..
Does this work on porch fiberglass screening?
Will this work for a door that is 1/2 inch thin?
Is the flap magnetic?
This door is perfect for the thin metal wall of my screened patio, but I need the large cat size. Does the large require a thicker door?
Is the flap flexible or hard plastic that doesnt bend?
can this be used on screen windows?
Would this be usable for a 5 lb. dog? Also can it be installed in a storm door.
what are the outside dimensions?
Is it airtight? Think it's strong enough to resist raccoons if i put it outside at night?
My cat needs food dispensed four times a day at four hour intervals. Will this work for me?
Does it make a sound to let the cat or dog know that its open?
Can I use it for my dog?
Why doesn't it have an "On/Off" switch? Pulling the battery out each time hurts the battery and ruins the areas battery comes in contact with.
Does the C10 feeder have a spot for an ice pack?
How long do batteries last in this device?
What are the inside dimensions of the tray? My cat too gets sores from plastic, but I have a Durapet stainless steel bowl to put inside, if it fits.
Any thoughts on where I can find replacement/extra bowls? I feed my cats' food directly in the bowls so I'd like to be able to swap them out.
Would the inner bowl be able to be replaced with a metal or ceramic bowl? My cat can't eat off plastic, he gets chin acne...
What is the cut out required to mount in the door?
What is the flap size?
have a door with a very thin panel in the center of the door, aproximately 1/8 inch thick. will this doggy door tighten down to a very thin door?
Is there any chance of getting caught in the door if they just poke their head out and then decide not to go out?
Is this big enough for a 90 pound Rottweiler?
Looking for a replacement flap. My 80 lb and 55 lb thought they'd go out at the same time. Help!
willl a german shepered fit through this?
Will this be big enough for a 75 lb pit bull?
how large is the actual door flap?
I have an old wood entry door - it is about as thin as a piece of plywood in the section where this would have to go. Would this work?
Would this be big enough for a 15-lb cat?
Would this work on the typical skinny aluminum garage doors? Someone recommended I should try those made for glass/ screen doors.
Does this door work on 1/2" thick screen door with solid botom panel?
did anyone cut the hole into their glass door themselves? Or is that a job for a professional? Thanks.
What is the outer diameter in inches? It says cut out 8" but then in description it says 11"X9.8" That is impossible it it's a circle?
Can I remove the magnet on the flap? The grip is so strong my Yorkie mix can't push it open.
is it really 11+ inches wide? what is cut size of hole in door?
How big is the opening of this door?
will this door fit on a storm door
We have a Shelty about 15" high weighing 16 #s. Will this door work for her?
I have a Pitbull and a small terrier. Will this door work for both or do I need the Large one?
Can this be put in a panel fiberglas or metal door.
how do you close it? a lock or a panel?
can it be set to open only one way
Does it have the door panel to close it shut to block it completely? like others do?
how long is the cone from neck hole to the outside circumference? we need cone that is 16" long so our long-nosed GS can not reach his toes.
i have a bull mastif would the xlarge fit him
How do you measure - I have a Bichon whose neck is 12" and it is 8" from neck to nose - the one we have says 12.5 cm but she can still get her wound
Which collar actually comes in the mail. The one pictured with the dog, or without?
Do you have any that will fit a mastiff - 32" neck?
how do the measurements work? for this i mean do i measure the neck or the distance from neck to nose?
what size for an 18 inch neck?
Can this be set to open every 2 to 4 hours, or is 6 hours the minimum time between feedings? We need small frequent meals. Thanks.
Is this airtight? We get ants if we leave food out for more than 30 minutes unless the container is airtight.
Is it possible for the C50 to be tipped over or otherwise opened by my cat?
Our cat only eats room temp wet food. Is there any way to control the temp of the food?
Do the times need to be reprogrammed every day? I'm not sure my cat sitter could handle that part.
The box just says "dishwasher-proof lid and tray." Bottom rack, or top only? They take up a LOT of room on the top.
Is it easy to set the timer correctly?
does it come with an ice pack?
Has anyone attempted to use wet food only for feeding over a 2 or 3 day period? What was the outcome? (BTW, I usually keep dry food out also.)
My dog is 29 lbs and is full grown, what size is right for him?
How do I know what size to get our puppies?
How do I know what size to get our puppies?
Hi! Can I request a pink, medium Kong?
What size would I get for a cairn terrier puppy? I did buy one recently but it came xsmall so I gave to my cats and they love it
How do I choose the coloR?
How long does a puppy kong last?8
It doesn't have an option to pick pink or blue? I need a pink one for my girl.
Help, may have bought wrong size. I have a 3 month old Lab mix pup and got a L. She can't get the treats out. What should I try?
Is it a two pack?
how does this compare with the cat groom toy?
can this brush be used to groom a dry dog? Does it still pull out shedding fur?
What size is this Zoomgroom and are the bristles soft or original?
I have a german shepherd (2-3in length hair) has anyone used this for hair thats not really short? With double coat?
Does anyone know if it would work on a Doberman Pincher? Not a mini, the big one.
Mini Schnauzer, does it work with a non-shedding dog?
I have a pug. Would the firm or the soft brush be better and would small be the right size?
Can any Chinese Chow Chow owners recommend this?
would this work on a labradoodle... he does not shed at all but i need to brush him for grooming purposes
Do they come in different sizes (small, medium or large dogs)?
how long is the cone from neck hole to the outside circumference? we need cone that is 16" long so our long-nosed GS can not reach his toes.
i have a bull mastif would the xlarge fit him
How do you measure - I have a Bichon whose neck is 12" and it is 8" from neck to nose - the one we have says 12.5 cm but she can still get her wound
Which collar actually comes in the mail. The one pictured with the dog, or without?
Do you have any that will fit a mastiff - 32" neck?
how do the measurements work? for this i mean do i measure the neck or the distance from neck to nose?
what size for an 18 inch neck?
My dog is 29 lbs and is full grown, what size is right for him?
How do I know what size to get our puppies?
How do I know what size to get our puppies?
Hi! Can I request a pink, medium Kong?
What size would I get for a cairn terrier puppy? I did buy one recently but it came xsmall so I gave to my cats and they love it
How do I choose the coloR?
How long does a puppy kong last?8
It doesn't have an option to pick pink or blue? I need a pink one for my girl.
Help, may have bought wrong size. I have a 3 month old Lab mix pup and got a L. She can't get the treats out. What should I try?
Is it a two pack?
I just receive it, and the hole in the bottom is so big that the treats will fall out. What treats can be put in these without that happening?
I have a 5 year old Peekapoo (Pekingnese-Poodle), who weighs 11 pounds, and I am unsure whether the size small or medium would be right for her?
I rescued a yorkshire, 5 yrs old, about 12 lbs, is small or medium right size for her? thanks!
if you don't have a dishwasher, is it impossible to clean it out?
What size kong do you reccomend for a really little dog? I'm not sure if I should get a x-small or a small?
Does it float?
My dog weighs 16 pounds, what size should I get?
Does it help with matting on long haired cats?
Would this brush be a good brush for cats with long and thick coats of fur?
Is the product good for a kitty,too ? My kitty is about 6months.
Is there a significance to the different colors such as firmness of the brushes?
Is this the large brush? I searched for kong zoom groom large and this showed up so I am just making sure
Would this work well for a French Bulldog?
How well does this product work for getting pet hair off the furniture?
is this for a large dog
Are you selling the small/puppy size or regular size of ZoomGroom? I'm looking for the regular size in raspberry. Thanks!
Does it float?
Amazon sellers rarely show where any product is made. Why? Kong products can be USA or China, always have to check. Think this 1 is USA.
I have a 9 month english bulldog. Which size of Kong would u guys recommend?
I'm getting a 20lb Alaskan Klee Kai. Is the medium kong too small? or should I size up to a large?
I have 2 pitbull mixes that can eat an entire pig femur in under 5 min! I suspect this may be a single use toy for them??
Can you put dog food in this or will it just fall out?
is it dishwasher safe
I have a 60 pound lab adore what size kong toy do I need and what size ball?
Does this product contain any plastic? What material is it made up of?
I have a 55lb Lab mix a 35lb blue heeler mix and a 14week old Huskey mix(who's growing like a weed) would a Lg work for each of them?
My dog is 29 lbs and is full grown, what size is right for him?
How do I know what size to get our puppies?
How do I know what size to get our puppies?
Hi! Can I request a pink, medium Kong?
What size would I get for a cairn terrier puppy? I did buy one recently but it came xsmall so I gave to my cats and they love it
How do I choose the coloR?
How long does a puppy kong last?8
It doesn't have an option to pick pink or blue? I need a pink one for my girl.
Help, may have bought wrong size. I have a 3 month old Lab mix pup and got a L. She can't get the treats out. What should I try?
Is it a two pack?
Your headline states that the Kong is BLACK but in the description it says it's made of a RED compound. Which is correct?
Does this unscrew as to put dog food in it?
I have a 50 lb. Lab terrier mix. Not pitbull.puppy 9 MO .old Loves to chew. What size should I get . He will top out at about 60 lbs.
Is it ok to run these through the dishwasher once in a while? the smaller red ones also?
Can I put peanut butter instead of treats inside of it?
I have a Siberian husky 50 lbs. What would be the recommended size?
Deciding on sizes for our two chewers (30# doxie/terrier &amp; 50# GSD/collie). Should I get the sizes slightly larger than their muzzles?
What size would be good for my lab puppy? I would like to have it for a while
What kind of treats can you put in Kong besides peanut butter?
Want to leave with PB/treats in my puppy's crate for short periods when I'm gone. I know he won't be ale to destroy it, but will it hurt his teeth?
how long is the cone from neck hole to the outside circumference? we need cone that is 16" long so our long-nosed GS can not reach his toes.
i have a bull mastif would the xlarge fit him
How do you measure - I have a Bichon whose neck is 12" and it is 8" from neck to nose - the one we have says 12.5 cm but she can still get her wound
Which collar actually comes in the mail. The one pictured with the dog, or without?
Do you have any that will fit a mastiff - 32" neck?
how do the measurements work? for this i mean do i measure the neck or the distance from neck to nose?
what size for an 18 inch neck?
What is the total height of the hydro III (3) with the tube and base ?
will the top lift tube fit an Aqua Clear 20 or 40 Powerhead intake?
Are you really selling the Hydro PRO series? I am trying to avoid a mislabeled product.
Will a small filter media bag fit inside the gray column that holds the sponge? I need to use SeaChem's Cuprisorb in my tank.
Does the 2213 filter come with a spray bar? Pls add list/photo of ALL parts included. Thx!!
would this make a vibrating noise in a wooden shelf under the tank? (66gal version)
Can I place the filter in the cabinet under the tank? Do I have to drill ant holes in the tank? Thanks.
Hi I have tried to clean my 2213 filter but I seem to create a vacuum in the filter and cannot undo the filter lid what am I doing wrong
I want to know if the 66gal filter is 115 or 230 volts?
How often do you clean the filer?
Does this filter comes with all the tubes, suction pipe, filters, etc?
What size tank will this clean
how many layers of media does this model contain and what type of media are they?
I have a 36 gallon tank. Would you recommend the 2213 or the 2211? The 2211 is rated up to a 40 gallon tank but i feel like i might be pushing it.
Will this fit a Flemish Giant that can get to be 15 - 20 pounds?
how big of a rabbit will this fit?
What part of the harness does the bunny try to chew through?
How do you put it on the rabbit? What do the 3 front loops go around?
how do I put the harness on my bunny?
chow
Has anyone noticed any rusting?
1) will this fit an adult Dane? 2) in ur opinion, will it stop a 150 lb Dane (very calm dog but she continues a steady pulling while walking)?
Will it turn a white dogs neck gray? This seems to be a an issue with him.
My dog has an 18" neck do I buy an 18 or 20"
Will the large fit an 80 lb Yellow Lab?
is it easy to take the links out? and are the prongs rounded all the way around?
Would this work for an elderly cat with arthritis who can not longer climb in and out of her pan?
do you think this litterbox will work for small kittens in a cage? what are the measurements? kittens weigh 2 lbs.
Are there any hooks to secure the pan to the cage? I am afraid my bunny will move it around. Thanks.
Would this work for a miniature piglet?
What are the measurements of the pan, length and width?
what are the dimensions of the litter pan?
Hello, send you this product to germany?
Are these clippers good for cats?
Is the safety stop adjustable?
Does this work well for dogs with thick black nails? I have a R. Ridgeback with very thick black nails and I want to know the effectiveness of this product on nails like his
Is this newbie friendly? I've never personally trimmed my dogs' nails before.
Can I use it on a small cat?
Is it possible I can cut my dogs nail too short and it would cause her to bleed?
I use cat nail clippers for my ferrets... Can i use these too? I just want to make sure they're not too big
I have a 28lb Pug and was wondering whether I should get the Large or Small Trimmer. The Vet usually cuts his nails.
WILL THESE WORK ON A 9LB CHIHUAHUA?
Are they sharp and big enough for Great Danes?
how do you measure collar for dog?
What is the length of the large and is it still 5/8 wide
Stanard poodle with 15" neck when she has little hair. Probably 16" when it grows out. Will this be big enough? What is buckled size?
Does this collar 'bleed' when wet?
Is the small, medium, or large size the 14" size? I'm looking for a collar that is 14" +
I have a ferret &amp; im looking for a home for my little one, will this work?
would this work for a small bunny? how much room does it take up?
Will this work as a home (not just a playpen) for my 3 guinea pigs? They are outgrowing the largest cage I can find.
Can i use this for my pet Hamster? he is pretty small, and i think need a tall one he can't climb out of. would this be a good play pen for him?
how tall are the panels?
Can you make it into a square?
Is it steady or can be easily full down while standing I have 2 years girl I don't want her to bring it down
a wipe down Mat?
how tall is this play pen?
How far are the bar spacing? I have a mother Guinea Pig with babies. I don't want the babies to get stuck between the bars.
Is it heavy enough to stay in place, preventing it from moving around the kitchen floor?
What are the actual measurements of the bowls (diameter--width), please? I'd like to use our present bowls as spares when new ones get dirty.
Does one of the bowls twist out, so you can get at the food below, or does the entire top have to be taken off?
how does self watering bowl work?
The wrapper seems to show a liner for storing food but there wasn't one when bought. Is it supposed to have a liner?
Does this product allow you to order the pet's name to be put on the front?
Are the bowls included?
What size are the bowls? In quarts, please.
is this tall enough for a greyhound?
For an 8-10 lb dog, how long does it take you to remove the matting... and how often do you use this?
my old lab/golden mix gets mats behind ear ears and are really tight to her skin. this work okay for that?
How simple is it to change the comb to left-handed use?
Does this Dematting comb also work on matted fur for cats ? My cat has thick fur and oily skin therefore causing big mats on her
I have an American Eskimo and wonder if this tool will work on his double coat.
Does this comb cuts the mat horizontal or vertical? I normally use scissors or clippers. How would this tool improve my dog's grooming routine?
would this work on a maine coon cat?
will this work on a maltease?
I have a 10lb yorkiepoo pup he hates to be brushed will this tool help get rid of those mats
Does this comb work on miniature poodles hair?
Are these ok for small dogs including puppies? My dog is 2 lbs and 10 oz.
Can these be sharpened? It looks like they can't be disassembled.
can left-handed people use these clippers?
My groomer uses Millers Forge clippers that look like the ones here. She paid $5. But, why are the ones that I just received so different?
I have a 100lb dobernman and he has some super thick nails. Will these cut through them??
left hand?
Are these made in the U.S. or Taiwan? Some reviewers say the older ones were U.S. made and of good quality, but the ones from Taiwan are flimsy.
Are these relatively quiet? Looking for something sharp yet with no loud snap/popping sound.
Whats the difference between #743C and # 727 C?
Can you ship these to India? We want to buy about 15 of these.
How long would you say this toy keeps your dog occupied for?
Is it a good toy to leave with dog while in a crate for several hours?
Is it possible to just purchase a replacement locking insert thingy? Pretty sure it was user error, but our dog got it out &amp; ate it. :)
what size should I get for a fully grown 14 lb beagle?
What type of treat should you fill the large with?
I have a Pembroke Welsh Corgi who is a head longer than most of his breed. He's 34 lbs. What size would work best?
What are the measurements of the large?
Is this a heavy toy? I have a Kong that is similar but when the dog drops it on the ground to get treats out I cringe for our downstairs neighbors.
How do I adjust how much food or treats come out? Clockwise or counter-clockwise from "unlock" position?
Does it specify if a 20 lb dog needs the mini or is that too small?
do these fit the standard friskies 5.5 oz can?
Ethical? How are these lids "Ethical"?
Will these lids fit a 2.5 inch can?
Will these fit 15oz canned pumpkin? Cans have a 3" opening.
Do these lids fits 13 oz natural balance dog food cans? I have a drawer full that do not fit
Will these fit the 12.5 ounce Wellness catfood cans? Thanks.
Will these lids fit Science Diet 3oz &amp; 5.5oz cans?
Will these EASILY fit the 13 oz Natural Balance dog food cans? Other covers I have tried are very difficult to put on.
Are these made of silicone?
Are these lids dishwasher safe?
does anyone know where these balls are made, I know Chinese made can have bad chemical issues
Can you make sure I get black and white
i'm looking for a soccer bal 2.5 inches. has to be that size, she doesn't like bigger or small. plz help me. hers is falling appart, that's her favori
Are these balls different colors or strictly black and white?
how many of the 2 in Ethical latex balls are in a package for $4.52?
In what colors are the manufacturers currently making this product and is there a way to request an order to be of a certain color?
Does it squeak?
Does anyone sell the black and white 2" soccer balls? The only color my dog will play with.
Are they black and white like a soccer ball?
Is the ball hollow and does it retain its round shape once a hole is put through it
is there really a difference in the jolly tug-n-toss described as "heavy duty?"
What size is best? We have a Golden Retriever puppy. Currently weighs 35#. What size is best for a 50-60# dog?
What are the dimensions of the tank?
what is the thickness of the glass?
will it work for Newts?
Can this tank be used for turtles?
would a 10 inch*20 inch lid fit this tank
Would you be shipping it USPS or UPS
what are the dimensions of this item?
What is the exact dimensions (diameter and thickness) of the pad?
How do I take out old pad from the scratcher to install one of these? Find it hard to figure out. Thanks.
Is there a total of 4 actual refills?
If you have 1 cat, how often would you estimate you need to replace the pads?
Do you have to use it with the hardware?
Can this be fixed on Bergan Catnip Hurricane Cat Toy by removing the inner circle ?
are these appropriate for the bergan turbo track toy or are they just for the turbo scratcher?
I only received 1. Package says 2-pack but only received 1. Could you send me the other one please? N. McCool
Could someone tell me the actual dimensions of the cage?
how can I choose the color of the cage? does it have enough space for an adult hedgehog?
What color is the extra large cage? Is this ok for a baby guinea pig (from a bar width perspective)?
What is the bar spacing for the extra-large cage?
Is the extra-large cage suitable for rats?
How high is the plastic box itself?
Is the width 18" or 16.65"....I'm hoping the height is 18" and not the width. Thanks.
I know the extra large has big bar spacing but what is the bar spacing of the large cage?
Is this cage blue or purple?
THe picture shows a purple, plastic door- is that correct, or are both doors wire?
where is it made
I didn't read anywhere how many ounces this bowl holds. All I saw is that it's 5 inches. I would have thought that someone might have posted something in the reviews but there was no answer to my question. I have 2 cats. Can anyone help, please?
Second question - how deep is it (in inches)? And how many ounces of water will it hold?
I purchased a 5 gallon fish tank that has a flat top. Will this top fit on top of that?
have gotten a new card since i bought this item and am getting a refund but the card i bought with is no longer active, what do i need to do??
Does it require 1 or 2 aquarium bulbs?
Can someone direct me to a bulb I can use in this for my 5.5 gallon tank? A link would be great!
can the All Glass Aquarium AAG20007 Inc Economy Hood, 16-Inch use 25 watt incandescent bulb's?
Can someone please give me a link to what light bulb is used for this hood?
Was looking for a36 inch fish tank hood in the price rang of 25. To 50.
What are the full demonsions on the tank
Can anyone tell me what the width of this hood is?
does this fit a 40gallon tank
If you ever need a new bulb would you be able to find the right replacement?
Does it take/include 3 x 24" T8 bulbs? If not, what size and how many?
my tank is 36/18 will this fit it?
Does this hood take a T5 or a T8 bulb?
Will this fit my 40b Tetra aquarium?
Does this come with the fluorescent bulb included?
what size light does it take, I am looking for a hood to hold a 36' light
What are the exact dimensions for this hood 36"x???"
How many ounces/cups does it hold?
Is this product made in America?
is it made with lead free paint?
In what country is this bowl made...
What is the height and width?
Dishwasher Safe?
Is it microwave safe?
I have a 107 pound Lab and need a good bowl for his food... (which equals about a cup of dry kibble) Would this be a good size for him?
How much does it weigh? I have a Great Pyrenees and need a large HEAVY crock dish.
What material is it? Stoneware or plastic?
Is it made in us
What does it say when it talks?
What does it sound like?
How many batteries does it have in it? My Beagle tore it asunder and I found three batteries, something that looked like it might be a speaker with two wires, various small plastic knobs and a hard plastic case chewed in many pieces. He really liked it...
how long are the tubes? how may in a pack?
Is this item big enough for ferrets to run through because the goods i received are not .
how many tubes are they
can mice us theses and do u have to have another cage
WIll these work with the OVO products?
Diameter of a tube?
Will rats fit through these?
Are Critter Trail fun nel tubes interchangable with Habitrail Ovo tubes?
I was wondering are these big enough for Syrian hamsters ?
Will these work with Kaytee Puzzle Playgrounds?
I ordered this about 2 years ago and I love it. I need to replace only the lighting part, can this be ordered seperately?
What are the exact dimensions? I need a bow front hood that is roughly 29inches w and 15 inched deep.
what are the exact measurements? i have a 35 gallon bow front aquarium, 35x15in, i dont need an exact fit, but i want something close.
Hi I have a 46 gallon bow front aquarium, do you have something for that size and how much is it?
Which one is for sale? The bow front one or the straight front? I need the bowfront and you have two pictured.
my aquarium measures 36 by 12.5 with a flat front, i am assuming this will work&hellip;also this canopy has the light attached with it correct ?
need hood for a bow front that we do not know the gallon size..measures 17" High X 20" long X 13 Wide? what size do you think it is?
does it come with the light bulb? it does not specify
How many bulbs does the hood use?
can you replace the bulb? I just read it is a sealed unit.
does this lamp have a replaceable ballast that you can change in the event that it goes bad?
Does this hood come with a splash protector that protects the bulbs from evaporation?
My aquarium measures 101/2 x 20, will this fit?
will this work with a tetra 10g tank?
What are the exact dimensions of this hood? All 20'' tanks are not created equal. Mine is 19 1/2'' long and and 9 1/2'' wide. Will it fit?
What kind of bulb does it take and is there a replacement I can buy that will be better for plants?
What are the dimensions?? Are there a cutout for filter.
is this okay for saltwater tanks? I had a lid that said "to completely avoid electrical shock, use with freshwater"
Can i put a 24inch T5 HO bulb in this hood?
Does this have a splash guard on the light? And does it light the whole aquarium?
I have a 9x4 inch filter. Will this hood fit?
glass or acrylic tank??benefits???
My tank is 30 x 13... will it fit?
Is it 110V or 220V? Is it available 220V? Can I easly change the light to be 220V?
Does the light hood Separately from the main hood?
Are only all-glass lamps/bulbs compatible or could I use another brand such as Aqueon?
I have a 29 gallon tank, will this hood fit?
I have a 30g tank. The hood measurement is 29 x 11 1/4. The product dimensions for this is 30 x 9.7. My hood is an inch width shorter. Will it fit?
Can you use a timer with this hood or is it the type that requires holding down a button to light up?
I have a standard 28 gal tank. Would this lid fit the inside lip?
how do I order just the balister for this lid? The glass is fine, but the ballister seems to have gone out.
What are the exact measurements of this hood?
Can I grow live plants with these lights
i have 55 gallon aquarium and im guessing two of these will fit my tank what about the piece they sit on can u supply that too?
My tank is a 48" long 75 gallon standard, are there two 24" inch long hoods or just one per order?
so what is the exact length and width of the entire unit?
My current hood uses an F15T8 bulb. Is this the same bulb in this setup?
I have an older tank the full hood has to be 23 1/4 x 11 3/4 and no shorter will this fit?
Does it use an incandescent bulb or fluorescent?
Which bulb should i buy for this fixture for planted tanks?
What are the dimensions of this item? Specifically the width. Thanks
does it take one bulb or two?
can I use a fluoresent bulb with this unit?
Do I have to order a bulb for this item as well?
Is this item compatible with both 110V and 220V power?
Is it really glass?
Does it fit over the entire 40 inch tank?, Both horizontal and width of the tank?
Will this fit a 40 gal breeder tank? My old glass measure 35"L x 15"W
The picture for this matches this item exactly: AAG29036 but they are different somehow?
Why is it say 36x18 in the name when the dimensions say it is 35 x 9 x 1.2 inches?
Is this an Aqueon Versa-Top with NO CENTER BRACE GLASS TOP 36" x 18 " all the way across? I need it for an open top 40 Breeder tank w/no brace?
what are the dimensions of this hood?
my AQ is a 10x10x10x10x10x10 do you gave a top that will fit...?
is the light removeable?
How many bulbs are there in the light and what is wattage?
what are the measurments of this hood?
will this fit a hex 10*10*10*10*10*10
looking for a glass top for a 45 gallon hexagon tank just the glass measures 23 inches...point to point and there's a front hinge 6 inches deep
Do you have a hex hood that measures 17" point to point
what are the dimensions of the fish tank hood ?
what are the dimensions of the hood?
Does this hood have rear cut outs for pump, heater etc....?
What size light bulb does this take and how many?
WHATS THE DEMENSIONS, SIZE , WIDTH, LENGTH
Does it come with bulbs and what is their zize and wattage?
does this hood fit on 48" x 24" ??
So this will fit a 55 gallon tank?
Why does this item not ship to a PO Box? The Post Office should be able to hold and store such Items. What if I ship to my address and it is stolen?
Does it come in Oak? I see it in the little pics.
My tank has a lip measurement of 47" x 11.5". Will this fit?
Does it come with the bulbs or do I need to buy them and what size bulbs ?
What are the dimensions of this hood?
What is the measurement of the clear vinyl back strip from front to back? I need to see if my filter will fit. Thank you.
The picture is of a light, not a clear hood. Which is this a listing of?
Will this fit a tank 10-1/2" wide (front to back) and leave room for a hang on back filter?
Will this fit the 10 Gal Best Choice Tank from Petsmart?
What are the exact dimensions of this lid? One user stated it was 19 and 5/16 inches long but what about the width? All 20'' tanks are not equal.
Does 2 of these fit a 55 gal tank and does this include the bulbs?
what size do I need fora 5 gal tank?
Is this the size I need for a 55 gallon? 2x? Standard 48"x12" aquarium
Will this glass top fit on a 125 gallon tank?
will this light fit on the standard 12" long rectangle 2.5 gal "all glass" aquarium (without an extra hood piece?) Thanks :)
Is there glass that covers the bottom?
Is the light bulb included?
What do you attach it to?
Does this system come with a pulley?
Is the trolley rust proof?
If my dog pulls out one end of the tie out will the other end keep him attached? Or, will it slip past it?
Is the pulley made of plastic or metal?
My dog weighs approxmiately 86-90 lbs, will this be strong enough for her?
Is this adjustable in length to make it nice and taught?
Is this a good size for a Russian Dwarf hamster
What type of hamsters are good with this cage?
Is this the new or old version?
Is this the new one with the spring door? Is it escape proof for a dwarf hamster? And is it easy to clean? Anything cons?
Will this work for guinea pigs?
does it pop open
Can my syrian fancy bear hamster fit in this 7 x 7 x 7 inches ; 7.5 ounces ball?
Is this ball large enough for a Guinea Pig?
is the ball pink like its shown?
is the ball pink like its shown?
Would a sugar glider fit in this?
is it big enough fro guinea pigs
what colors does the ball come in
is it good quality
would this work for a hedgehog?
What are the dimensions?
Can you purchase the vinyl strip on it seperatly?
what are the dimensions of this top? I need a width of 23 inches for my bow front....
Will this fit a 27 gallon bowfront tank?
Will this fit the Top Fin 25 gallon bow front aquarium, which has dimensions of 24.3''x14.8''x20.7''?
What are the measurements for this 26bf hood so I can measure my tank and see if it will fit don't know for sure how many gals it is?
What does 26bf mean? I have a 26gal bow front aquarium looking for a hood for it will this one fit? 24 in long and 15 in wide.
What are approximate measurements from front of bow to back, end of bow to back, and the length??
what are the dimensions of this item?
What size, length, bulb does it take? Thank you
Will this lighting work well for turtles? thank you in advance
Do these 30 inch lights use a 24 inch bulb?
does it come with bulb
I have a Aqueon for the glass top but it holds 2 bulbs, does this strip have 1 or 2 tubes?
Is the included bulb full spectrum light?
i have a 30 gallon hexagon tank do you have a hood 35 by 11/1/2
What are the dimensions of this light? I need something that is 28"x4.25" (71cmx11cm)
Is this "All Glass" or "Aqueon"? Yes, it makes a difference.
does it pop open
Can my syrian fancy bear hamster fit in this 7 x 7 x 7 inches ; 7.5 ounces ball?
Is this ball large enough for a Guinea Pig?
is the ball pink like its shown?
is the ball pink like its shown?
Would a sugar glider fit in this?
is it big enough fro guinea pigs
what colors does the ball come in
is it good quality
would this work for a hedgehog?
I have a 72 inch long 125 gallon tank with two braces. Will this top work with my tank since it seems as though this comes in three pieces?
what are the measurements of one of the sections
the glass looks like long pcs, what i need but the customer reviews say its not? My aquarium has no braces,.
is this one 72 inch long
I have a 10 gal. tank the current light meaures exactly 19" with a 18" bulb in it. what is the exact length of the fixture?
Would this be a good light for starting live plants? I plan on starting them in a 10 gallon tank and move them to a 29 gallon tank.
Does this come with a bulb?
Does this strip light set directly on top of the glass panel that acts as a tank cover?
I have 55 gallons fish tank and it came with 2 of 22" individual light fixture. I am not sure if this light fixture will work for me
what is the actual length of the unit?
What are the exact housing dimensions? Please advise. Thank you in advance.
What are the exact housing dimensions? Please advise. Thank you in advance.
Does anybody have an estimate of how many watts and kelvin the bulb is?
It have 20 inch L,whats the W and H?
Older style that fits aquarium with no brace? Is this the version that is one continuous 48in wide piece (insted of two shorter sections) so as to fit an older style 90 gallon with no center brace?
is this a one piece or two,i am looking for the old style 1 piece without center brace
Can someone please tell me the exact sizes of the glass pieces?
I have 2 75g tanks, 1st fits the normal 22-1/8" wide? 2nd 75g is design a little different and needs 22-1/2 anybody has this problem?
Will this top fit a 55 gallon aqua culture tank?
I purchased the 48x18 glass top for my 55 gallon tank, it came in a box which reads Aqueon 75, is this for the 55 gallon?
Is this old stock All-Glass hood manufactured before Aqueon took over?
what is the exact size for each piece because i have a 75 gallon fish tank 48x18 with brace mine measures 22 3/4 x 16 3/4 will it fit perfectly
what size would i needfor a 60gallon talk
I need three 22" by 14" pieces for a 125 gallon tank
What is the exact Length and Width of the item?
Would it be possible to have a hang over tank filter, such as a Marineland Penguin and still have this fit right?
Does the glass get too misty with moisture to see through it?
will this fit a rimless tank?
How sturdy is this canopy? I have a cat that likes to walk/sit on top of my aquarium. Will the glass break under the weight of an average size cat?
Do you offer a 29, i actually need (28.75" space) wide by (16.75 space) ?
This item is shown at a list price of $3,939.00 for $34.49. In pet store it's $19.98. What's wrong here?
Looking to get a 20 gallon long which I believe is 30", would this top work?
What color is the plastic handle and hinge? Black?
Hello, I have a 30 gallon tank that measures 30" x 12" with is fit? Thank you
will this fit my Aqueon bow front 36 gallon aquarium?
Can anyone comment on if the "hinges are plastic and cheap" like what came with the original lid for the 36 bow front or made more durable?
Where can I get a replacement for the little plastic handle that attaches to the lid? Mine was broken upon arrival.
My tank is 12" corner/corner deep &amp; 15.5 back to center of bow, and 35" wide (inside dems) will this one fit?
How wide is the vinyl strip on the back? I have a hang on the back overflow box and want to see if it will fit.
My bowfron is 4 ft in length 55 gallon i believe and I need a lid, where can i find one?
36bf fit a 55gal versa ton
this is what i need but what r the exact dementions...i measured my top and it is 35 from side to side and the arch of the bow front is about 18 in...
can some one tell me the dimensions of the glass?
can anyone tell me the deminsions of the glass im looking for 35 inch long 12 inch wide minus the bow rounded part?
How many tubes and elbows do you get?
Do these tunnels fit into the shelving holes of a superpet ferret cage? I measured the holes and they are about 4.5 inches in diameter.
hi do these tunnels have chains to hang from the cage
My rabbit keeps biting it, how did you get your rabbit/pet used to it or sleep in it?
Would this be suitable for a chinchilla?
will this work for small or dworf hamsters? or will it be too big?
I have 2 GP , looks like this might take up a large portion of cage ?? Especially if I get 2 ??? My cage is the largest closed in living world
do your guina pigs and rabbits poop and pee in it? if so how do u wash it
Do I need to get 2 if I have 2 piggies, or will they share? Thanks.
i am scared this will take to much room up in the cage my cage is 2ft by 4ft with two guinea pigs and a hideout spot
Can we choose the color we want?
Did anyone get this in a cute color? (Not grey or dark color?)
I received something different--not translucent, wavy edges? Have they changed the model?
Would this be big enough for kittens?
will this be too big for guinea pigs?
Would this be good for a 3-month old hedgehog?
Would this be good for a Californian rabbit, about 9 pounds?
does it come with a 'metal or plastic' 'cover' for them to sit on?? instead of right on bedding
How do I know what color I will be receiving/how do I pick a color?
Can I get an updated measurement of this product ? Thx
The measurements does not specify width, depth and height. Can someone provide this info to me. Many thanks.
What are the dimensions of this product?
Are the light bulbs that are included full spectrum bulbs?
Does the bulb come with these units or is that a separate purchase. If separate could you tell me which bulbs I need to order? Thanks
Do you know the dementions of the unit?
Is the bulb also 24 inches?
how many bulbs does it hold? I want to use it for a greenhouse. I need the housing as well as the bulb.
what size replacement bulb does this take?
What are the measurements ,I don't know for sure if this tank I have is 20 gallons. My measurements are inside of tank 17wide by 15 long, or 18.5 wide and 16 long.
What are the detentions of this lid?
my measurment of the hood accross the widest area is 17.25inches. from back to front is 15.8. will this fit a 20G hex tank
not sure how many gallons; i think 27...the tank has a diameter of around 17-18 inches and each flat face is around 10"; will this fit?
Does this come in brown ?
My tank measures 15" on the flat side and 17" at the points. Will this hood fit my tank??
Are there openings for a filter to be placed? is there a way to open it to let oxygen in (betta)? Will this bulb grow plants?
My tank mesures 19.5" from interior corner to corner, and 17" from flat side to flat side. Will this fit?
My aquarium measures 11 in on each side and 19 1/2 across. It is an all glass aquarium. Need a lid Do you have one?
does this hood use 15" bulb?
Is this dish a stoneware crock or plastic?
what is the dimension of the top of this bowl?
Is this bowl dishwasher safe?
what is the weight of the bowl? And does it slide easily?
How deep is this?
Is this bowl made in China?
Is this item BPA free?
I have an ANCIENT 38 gal All-Glass tank made in 1988. The inside lip measures 35 1/8" x 11 3/8". It should fit perfect, right?
will 2 of these fit my 125 gallon tank? 18" X 72"
I have a 45 gl that measures 36 long, which i know will fit. But the width is 18 inches. Will this fit ? If not are there any other cover anyone recom
i have a 55 gal bow front, it is 36 inches long, 15 inches wide at the bow and 11 1/2 on the edge. Am i measuring at the correct spots &amp; will it fit?
Will this top fit a tank with these measurements 36.2" x 18.3" x 17" ?
I just bought a 30 gallon breeder tank and i want to know if this will fit ?
Would it fit a Tetra 40 gallon breeder tank? If not, what would?
Will this fit my 30 gallon tank
Is it plate glass or tempered glass.
Will this fit my 40 gallon (36"x18") breeder tank without the center brace?
what are the dimensions?
from this ad, why would you NOT need to scoop this litter box? wondered if i am missing something since this looks like a regular covered litter box. that i would assume you have to scoop or sift to clean
Is it weatherproof? Could I use it for a dry place for my outdoor cat in inclement weather or is there an opening in the roof?
I assume the door swings both ways; is the door substantial enough to block urine from seeping past it for cat that stands?
does the door swing both ways or what ? this is a very poor product description
Is the opening and pan big enough for a fat cat? we've got a big 17.5 lb kitty!
What size liner bags does it require? Will size large work? (not extra large)
Does this litter box come with a sifting tray? ( another part that goes on top of the actual pan and you just lift and sift when you want to clean)
Is this litter box blue like in picture?
How high from the floor is the door, I have an 8 week old kitten and need to make sure he can get in/out.Need hooded box as dog is getting into litter
what are the dimensions?
what are the dimensions?
what is size of this pan?
you tube instructions
Can someone tell me the dimensions of this Feeder please?
Will this work with Lab blocks for rats?
Will this work for cat food in a pen? Will it be able to hang high by the sleeping place?
Could this work for hay instead of pellets?
would this work for chickens?
what is the dimension?
What is Litter Scoop Free Maintenance ?
How large is the opening for the cat to crawl in? My Abyssinian is rather "fluffy".
Does the top have to come off to scoop out clumping litter?
where is the opening -- we saw this at Target and the top was solid plastic.
Might this box mostly contain the sand if I use it for my rabbit's sandbox for digging?
do you think one could use this as a feeding box? The smell of their food is getting to us.
Did your pan come with a sifting pan?
You say "assorted" colors, WHERE ARE THEY LISTED?
Does Van Ness Maj similar litter box for a small cat. Like 8pound small
does it pop open
Can my syrian fancy bear hamster fit in this 7 x 7 x 7 inches ; 7.5 ounces ball?
Is this ball large enough for a Guinea Pig?
is the ball pink like its shown?
is the ball pink like its shown?
Would a sugar glider fit in this?
is it big enough fro guinea pigs
what colors does the ball come in
is it good quality
would this work for a hedgehog?
Did anyone have problems with this fitting a 55 gallon tank? Thanks!
What are the exact overall dimensions total?
How thick is the glass?
Will 2 of these fit a 75gal tank? They need to be 22 3/4 " wide by about 14" deep to allow for the plastic back piece
cat Proof?
Is this supposed to fit a standard 15 gallon tank?
my daughter has a 34 gallon tank and she broke the front part of the top and i don't know what size i should get to be the right fit
Can I put a flourescent aquarium light (e.g. http://www.amazon.com/All-Glass-Aquar... on top?
This is just under 1/4" too long for my tank (going by the 23 1/8 msrmnt)... so I'm wondering if it would be possible to somehow trim or file it down?
What is the exact width? The description says 24 inches, the buyers say 23 1/8.
Will this work on rabbits?
Would this work on a medium/large breed double coated dog? I have a chow chow.
If I order many combs-can the shipping charge be combined! I would like to buy 15 of them.(I'm a Vet /love to have these for clients!)
How many teeth to an inch does this comb have? Thank you,.
Will the 48inch height pen work for a large declawed cat? Do you have roofing availible to go with this product 8 or 16 panel? Thx
Can this pen attach easily to a wire rabbit cage? I want a rabbit to freely move from her wire cage where the food &amp; litter box is kept to the pen.
can you remove panels to make the pen smaller? we are getting a small puppy that will only grow to 15 lbs max and live in an apartment.
Puppy exercise pen that doesn't slide on hardwood floors: Can anyone recommend an exercise pen for a dachshund puppy that doesn't slide on hardwood floors?
How does it compare to the black e-coat pen? does it hold up well in beach weather? (rusting)
Any bigger size than just 24 inches width? Thx!
* What is the difference, re quality/ intended main use, between the (Midwest) Gold-Zinc and the Black E coat? *size ok for 2 dogs? biggest is 13#
What is the bar spacing for this pen?
I have a rabbit and want to have a rectangular pen to use with her cage so she can have more space. I assume this can be made rectangular too?
I want a pen that I can fold up and put away on a daily basis. Does this pen easily fold up for daily storage? Or is it a pain to fold up?
Can the cart hold 150 pounds
What does 10 x 10 mean? 10 inches, 10 feet?
Does it come with two types of handles? One a rope like and the other a metal handle? It shows pictures of both.
Are replacement wheels available?
How much does this dolly weigh?
do you really have to put this together as one answer says? No way any of these tubes could fit into a 10" box
what is it's payload?
what's this Product Dimensions???
The dimensions are listed as 1 x 1 x 1. I know this cannot be right. What are the actual dimensions of this product?
Are the sides and bottom totally smooth on the inside, or are there grooves or anything in there? Thanks!
Are the litter pans that are pictured exactly the ones shipped? I have sent back 60 in the past 6 months. 3 different vendors.
what size is it?
how do i make sure i get the tan color pictured?
can i get only beige
What colors?
Can you clean the basin in the dishwasher?
Will a five gallon bottle work with opening? Have 3 dogs 1 we have worn out looking to replace not able to find LeBistro 5gal anywhere. ?
can you use other 5 gallon water bottles such as those you use for household water dispensers?
What crate size is recommended for an adult Samoyed?
what size for a 25 lb dog?
does the 42 inch crate fit a 75 pound german shepherd just for sleeping in
What size would you suggest for a female husky? She is a puppy now but we will plan on using the crate when she is fully grown.
Is this really a 36x24x27 create? Bought another one that claimed to be this size and it was actually 36x22x25.
have a 25 lb lab/boxer mix 8 months old, like to chew furniture. Is it too late to crate train her, only when I am at work, or away from home
does double door crate have one door on side and one on end
What is the point on Amazon Prime when this item does not ship for 1-2 MONTHS?
Where are these crates manufactured?
Can someone recommend what size would be good for crate training Boston Terrier &lt;20 lbs? Thanks!
How well does this product work in grass?
is the spade actuallt 6" or 7" wide (not tall)? I need to clean out narrow (6.5") concrete drains. thanks.
they say it is a spade set - but a few people comment they received a rake. Which do you really get with the small set?
the two pieces as you are in the picture?
Two parts Is product? How it looks the second?
Where is this product made?
The dimensions shown say that it is for the large. What are the dimensions of the small one?
actual dimensions ?
will it fit in the merry products pet washroom ?
Is this box with rim really 18.5 x 68 x 15.3 inches deep?
anyone know the actual dimensions? amazon, could you post those? thank you
WHAT ARE THE DIMENSIONS????
Can you pick a color? If not, what color do they ship to you?
Size dimensions
I want to know why Amazon says it's a medium and we end up with a very small box. You'd think after all these complaints, they'd do something about it
Can you use a bag with this so it doesn't get dirty and I can dispose of it right away?
Can this work for clearing the mess of 2 rottweilers?
Is this spring loaded?
Is this the scooper for flat surfac es? I already have the one for grass, but I see nowhere here if tjis is for flay or grassy surfaces. Please let m
Has anyone used this on St. Augustine grass?
How to get it to pick up small turds? Did anyone try bending the wires closer and if so did it work? This thing is horrible for small poops but wonderful on large turds.
I live in Phoenix with a dirt backyard mixed in now and there with some small gravel. Will this work well on that surface? Thank you.
i know this says grass but will it be good to use with pea rock? Looking for one that picks up poop and not a million little rocks..
What is the width between the spaced metal prongs?
is this made of plastic anywhere?
Can this scooper pick up tootsie rool sized poops from my small dogs. I have read mixed reviews about the wires being spread too far apart to pick up
How long is the pooper scooper?
can I have this shipped to the UK??
What crate size is recommended for an adult Samoyed?
what size for a 25 lb dog?
does the 42 inch crate fit a 75 pound german shepherd just for sleeping in
What size would you suggest for a female husky? She is a puppy now but we will plan on using the crate when she is fully grown.
Is this really a 36x24x27 create? Bought another one that claimed to be this size and it was actually 36x22x25.
have a 25 lb lab/boxer mix 8 months old, like to chew furniture. Is it too late to crate train her, only when I am at work, or away from home
does double door crate have one door on side and one on end
What is the point on Amazon Prime when this item does not ship for 1-2 MONTHS?
Where are these crates manufactured?
Can someone recommend what size would be good for crate training Boston Terrier &lt;20 lbs? Thanks!
Is anyone using this for a 50lb border collie or heeler? I want to know if my dog will fit and enjoy it.
will it fit a full grown german shepard?
will this fit a 150 lb dog
How insulated is it?...I live in a cold climate
Does it come with the door flap?
Will my 70lb Lab fit in this dog house?
What size would I need for a Bassett hound
Is this dog house hot in summer time? Is it made especially for cold weather?
Is this dog house hard to clean inside?
I have a large medium german shepherd that weighs around 80 to 84 lbs. Which size should I get?
What crate size is recommended for an adult Samoyed?
what size for a 25 lb dog?
does the 42 inch crate fit a 75 pound german shepherd just for sleeping in
What size would you suggest for a female husky? She is a puppy now but we will plan on using the crate when she is fully grown.
Is this really a 36x24x27 create? Bought another one that claimed to be this size and it was actually 36x22x25.
have a 25 lb lab/boxer mix 8 months old, like to chew furniture. Is it too late to crate train her, only when I am at work, or away from home
does double door crate have one door on side and one on end
What is the point on Amazon Prime when this item does not ship for 1-2 MONTHS?
Where are these crates manufactured?
Can someone recommend what size would be good for crate training Boston Terrier &lt;20 lbs? Thanks!
Can the bottom grate be removed? I've read that it hurts the rabbit's feet.
i have a 6lb bunny, would this cage be able to allow her to stretch out and be comfortable?
Is the tray really a huge hassle? Is it difficult to 'slide' it out or to clean it? Only concern at this moment is the problems with the borders, is it THAT much of a big deal?
Is it safe to put this cage in backyard over night? I have two dwarf rabbits and I can lock the two doors.
is this good for a rat?
Could two of these cages be put side-to-side with the side flaps down so it would make one really long cage?
Would this work for a very small kitten during the day - WHILE WE ARE HOME to introduce him to our other kittie and vice versa?
What is the measurement for the gaps in the bars? It says the floor mesh is 1"x 1/2", but what about the walls/top of the cage?
I was looking for 3 in black. Can I get those?
can this cage be used for a guinea pig?
Can you clean the basin in the dishwasher?
Will a five gallon bottle work with opening? Have 3 dogs 1 we have worn out looking to replace not able to find LeBistro 5gal anywhere. ?
can you use other 5 gallon water bottles such as those you use for household water dispensers?
Can the bottom grate be removed? I've read that it hurts the rabbit's feet.
i have a 6lb bunny, would this cage be able to allow her to stretch out and be comfortable?
Is the tray really a huge hassle? Is it difficult to 'slide' it out or to clean it? Only concern at this moment is the problems with the borders, is it THAT much of a big deal?
Is it safe to put this cage in backyard over night? I have two dwarf rabbits and I can lock the two doors.
is this good for a rat?
Could two of these cages be put side-to-side with the side flaps down so it would make one really long cage?
Would this work for a very small kitten during the day - WHILE WE ARE HOME to introduce him to our other kittie and vice versa?
What is the measurement for the gaps in the bars? It says the floor mesh is 1"x 1/2", but what about the walls/top of the cage?
I was looking for 3 in black. Can I get those?
can this cage be used for a guinea pig?
The two walls we would like to place the gate between are slightly staggered (a few inches off), would this gate work at a slight angle?
How wide is the gate when fully retracted
how does this gate open, we need this to keep the dog out of our sons playroom. Will this be easy for a 3 year old to open?
Question 2: Is it a huge pain sliding the gate to open it? Or is it somewhat easy. it is not a high traffic are in my home. just curious
what's a good size for my 1 year old German Shepard 95 lbs
how do you measure the snout?
How do you measure the snout?
What size would fit an 85 pound Rottweiler with a not so blocky head? I am thinking 4xl ?
what size cage can be hung on this stand
Would it be possible to assemble the product with less pieces so it would work on a table top? Or is the 62" one piece?
Is the height adjustable? What is the measurement of the arm that cage hangs from?
CAN THIS BE USED AS A PERCH FOR A MACAW
is this cage reasonably safe if you have a cat? I have one declawed cat and my concern is him knocking it over
Being able to handle certain size cages is one thing...what's important is, what is the weight capacity it will support safely?
Would this stand be appropriate for hanging a bird swing on for my blue and gold macaw? Would the swing hang securely? Thanks
Can wheels be added for mobility, if so, what type would work?
I would like to have a few options of cages to hang from this stand. The scrollwork one isn't what my son wants. Provide other options please? -thanks
Why does it bleed so badly when I change the dressing? I apply the gel to a non stick pad and wrap his Hock with flextape.
Would you recommend the gel (this) or spray version of this product?
anyone ever used this on a rodent?
where is it made?
is the collar large enough for a 200 lb dog?
is it waterfroof
I have a Bullmastiff whose neck is already 27". Will this fit?
Why does this old model cost so much more than the new one?
lost transmiter can i purchase just the hand held device.
what does it mean by "limited lifetime warranty"
We have an invisible fence, so our pup already wears one collar. Does this product work on a dog already wearing an invisible fence collar?
purchased two petsafe deluxe remote control collars and my labs ate both collars but I still have the remotes, is it possible to buy just the collar
HOW DO i INSTALL THIS IN GROUND FENCE?
I have a dog she is roughly 5 lbs can this collar be use on her?
Will this collar work with the "wireless" PetSafe model?
I have a miniature pinscher, will this work for him? The receiver that came with the fence is too big for him.
Is there a "low battery" indicator on this collar?
Does this have adjustable Electric shocks for correction especially for large dogs?
Will this work with the pif 300 system?
Is this receiver compatible with other brands that have a 8.192 khz frequency?
what size dog is this collar good for
Is the collar water proof?
Does this work on screaming kids?
What is the recommended age/weight for using this collar?
how big does the collar go
What is largest neck size it will fit. English lab 20" and tight is 19" Will it fit
Would it work on a dog with a think coat? I have a Sheltie
Hi all, Do you guys think this would fit a 10-15 lb Mini-Pin?
What does this collar weigh? What is the difference between the model PBC-102 and the model PBC-302?
how do i get the vibrate sensors on it, it hurts my dogs
the description says "waterproof", but does that mean my dog can wear it while swimming in the lake?
Your directions say not to leave the Bark Collar on for more than 12 hours. Why is that?
The larger container has a white measuring spoon it does not say what size it is. does anyone know how many cc this spoon is?
how much can I give a mockingbird?
What is this product's shelf life?
Does this work on small dogs? Does the citronella collar work with Pomeranians and small dogs of that size?
How long do the batteries on this device last?
If I were to modify it a bit, do you think it would work on a toddler? First, I'm not an abusive manny. 2nd, I would use water not citronella.
will it work while playing with other dogs: I think he barks so they will run and play with him......it's almost to the point I can't take him to the dog park because other dog owners can't stand listening to him......would this work?
Is this something that will have to be on continually? Or do they learn not to bark?
The sprayer on mine is really weak. It worked well for a few weeks. I have refilled and replaced batteries, but it seems to lack power? How do I fix?
will this work as an effective training device when you walk your dog? need our dog to stop barking at other dogs on a walk.
How long do dogs have to wear the citronella collar? Is it okay if I leave it on her when she is inside and turned off?
does it work on australian shepherd
Would this product work on an 83 pound dog?
Do you have these bowls in beige or cream color currently?
Did anyone get the beige bowl? I ordered beige like it says too but I got blue.
would this be easily chewed up?
Can a dog with a flat face drink out of this?
Is this dish bpa free?
Is this somewhat toddler proof? Looking for a bowl my son can't easily dump.
Can you wash in dishwasher?
good for cats ?
Is this BPA free?
Water hole is a wonderful innovation for dog in RV but ours has a non-fitting lid. It only seals about two thirds of the way around the bowl. Is this normal?
Are they flavored so that my dog will not spit them out? Or do you have to put them in a pill pocket or hide them in peanut butter?
My pup is 7 months old, can I give this to him?
Are these made in US
Anyone using these and Cosequin Plus?
Is this only for dogs? I did a search cat pain and this product came up.
can I give my dog the pill vets best for aches and pains whole because he will not chew them
What is the full list of ingredients?
Is this product similar to carprofen 25mg?
should you wash this before you add it to your tank?
how many bags should i purchase to fill a 55 gallon tank?
Hi, I just bought 4 bags of this to put as a top layer on my 100g, Can I mix it with a bag of red flourite before putting it in the tank ?
can i add to existing planted tank that is also inhabited by tropical fish without harming my fish
Is this okay for Cory Cats? Sharp edges?
Do I still need additional fertilizers? If so, what is recommended?
Does Eco-Complete ever need to be changed out and loses it's beneficial elements after time? Or is it good for the life of the tank?
Do I add the substrate at the beginning of my cycling process for my new tank or wait? I am a noob w/ live plants and this substrate. Thank you.
Is this product the fine or course grade? Their website shows black coarse and fine, product numbers ending in 770 and 779.
Will algea grow like crazy in a low light planted tank with just eco-complete used, since it is full of nutrients.
This says 2/20-Pound Does this mean it should be 2 bags? Total of 40 pounds?
i know this comes in differnt color i wanted to order but im looking for the black and white mix how can i get that when i order do i need to specifie
how many pounds do I get if I order 1
one bag or two
How can this not be two bags? One bag does not have an MSRP or $70 USD! Seems like a scam sale price if not two bags!
Is the 2/20-pound mean that it's 2 bags of 20lbs each?
Could I use this in a FRESHWATER (goldfish!) aquarium? I love the color! Thanks!
It appears that there is mixed views on how many bags, is it for One 20lbs Or Two 20lbs for a total of 40lbs? please clarify.
Does this fit an iPhone 5?
Dos this fit a Flexi Long 3 (26') leash?
I have the smallest retractable leash you can use for my chihuahua. Will this fit?
Does this fit the Flexi Explore Retractable Cord Dog Leash, Medium, 23-Feet Long, Supports up to 44-Pound, Black by Flexi
someone says to get the Outward Bound leash bag, but I can't find one that looks like it hooks to a flex-lead?
Dose this bag fit the flexi giant extra large
This leash saddle was shown as a grouping with Flexi Explore 26 ft leash. It does not seem to fit this leash. How does it go on?
Dog-proof or not? Does the Booda Dome keep your dog out of the litterbox?
Are the filters for the Booda Dome CleanStep litter box the same size as the ones for the plain Dome w/o the steps?
Have any other purchasers of this item had problems with keeping the liner in place? The instructions that came with this weren't much help. It made it look like there was a clip to help secure the liner in place inside but we didn't see anything like...
Hi, can anyone tell me the dimensions of the inside litter box area (not including the stairs). I can only find dimensions for the entire box itself.
Can you use this litter box without bag liners?
Do you think I could use this as an outdoor shelter for my kitty instead, by putting a pillow in it instead of litter?
I want to use this as a shelter for kitty, but I didn't know it had a HOLE in the top. Any ideas as to how to "temporarily" cover the hole in winter?
Is this the actual Booda brand litter box? I am sending another one back to Amazon that is a copy (flimsy, no brand name on the front tag and was missing a part.
Is that just a handle on top or is it a hole? I want to put it outside &amp; not let any rain IN.
Will my dog be unable to get in and eat poop?
Dog-proof or not? Does the Booda Dome keep your dog out of the litterbox?
Are the filters for the Booda Dome CleanStep litter box the same size as the ones for the plain Dome w/o the steps?
Have any other purchasers of this item had problems with keeping the liner in place? The instructions that came with this weren't much help. It made it look like there was a clip to help secure the liner in place inside but we didn't see anything like...
Hi, can anyone tell me the dimensions of the inside litter box area (not including the stairs). I can only find dimensions for the entire box itself.
Can you use this litter box without bag liners?
Do you think I could use this as an outdoor shelter for my kitty instead, by putting a pillow in it instead of litter?
I want to use this as a shelter for kitty, but I didn't know it had a HOLE in the top. Any ideas as to how to "temporarily" cover the hole in winter?
Is this the actual Booda brand litter box? I am sending another one back to Amazon that is a copy (flimsy, no brand name on the front tag and was missing a part.
Is that just a handle on top or is it a hole? I want to put it outside &amp; not let any rain IN.
Will my dog be unable to get in and eat poop?
How does the automatic spin stop work?
Is this strong enough for a german shepard?
The grinder replacements won't fit over the drum - they are too small Am I doing something wrong?
Can I use this on a cat?
What is the voltage rating? 120V or 240V or both?
How many watt this machine is working?
How do you change sand drum?
I have three small chihuahuas and am afraid to use "cutters". Previous grinders are too powerful, too noisy and vibrate stronglly. Would appreciate any ideas.
Does the sanding bend fit well and does not come off when you start grinding the toe nails?
Is the Oster louder than the Dremmel nail grinder?
Can a dog get its head in the box. (I know, I am sorry!)
how thick or deep is the liner?
How much noise does the door make as cats go in and out?
What is flap size?
Can it be installed on a plastic 6 panel door
My cat weighs 26 pounds, would this door be big enough?
Is the liner removable so that this can be put on a thin, panel door?
Do the cats' tails get caught or hurt from the flap closing?
Is it a one-way or two-way door?
Will it work in a pocket door? how thick is the frame?
would this door also work for a 6 or 7 pound kitten?
Can I use this for a jacuzzi?
Is this submersible?
Should I take it inside during winter time to prevent cracking from freezing?
What is its power rating - 120-240V, 50-60 hz?
What do you need to install an ultraviolet clarifier?
Does this product come with any type of warrenty?
Can you see when light is working??
How do you hook up the 20w unit to the filter and the pump? There is no instructions nor are there accessories given to do such.
(1) What are the width and height measurements of the entire door (not the opening) (2) What is the actual W &amp; H of the opening used by the pets? THX
Will a 14 lb. Dog fit thru this size door
Will this door fit on a screen?
How thick does the door it is going into have to be. I have a panel door that is probably 1/4 inch thick on the panel. Can this door work?
will it fit into one of the panels of a standard 6 panel wooden door? The lower panels are 12" W X 24" H
This was installed in a rental and the tenant says it only opens one way.. Does anyone know what we might do to correct this? Instructions lost
Is the flap see through or is it frosted?
Does this have to snap together to itself or do you attach to each side of the door? Do I have to have an exact depth sz door?
Is the door flap quiet? I will be using it on my bedroom door.
Is this truly white? Or an off-white? I ordered a different brand that claimed to be white and it wasn't very white at all.
Replacement magnets: Does anyone have a lead on this?
Will this fit standard INTERIOR doors? Hoping this particular door will help in reducing sound from leaving a room when it is closed.
Do you get collars with the magnets?
How to replace the battery?
Can this cat door be used without the batteries, does it default to the flap in the locked position or the flap being Open
Can this cat door be used without the batteries, does it default to the flapped locking or the flap being Open
How big is the door for the cat to enter through?
There are two latches &amp; only one goes down in the unlock position, so I had to put tape to hold one down. How do I get both to go down in unlock?
Is the flap clear or opaque? Also, what are the dimensions of the door? I have two 7 pound dogs I was wanting an electronic door for.
what's the advantage of the magnetic cat flap over infrared cat flaps?
Is this an OEM Danner Pondmaster UV bulb or a generic replacement?
What is the length of this replacement bulb?
The same model bulb I took from my clarifier but it is 8.75" long. Was the length wrong in the Q&amp;A?
What county is it made in? Thanks
How many treats are in each package? i.e. MEDIUM- 11 OZ , 8.4 OZ, SMALL - 11 OZ, 8.4OZ?
How long do they last? Meaning how long do you approximately have till the best by date from the date you buy from a store.
Are they hard or soft?
Can this size be used for a puppy? (I can break them up of course) or is the soft peanut butter from the tube a better choice?
do these work with medium size kong?
do these work with xl kong?
Is there any beef in these?
Does someone uses it with the XL kong?
any corn in this treat?
How would it fair on carpet? Trying to keep my cats from chewing at a torn spot without making the carpet worse.
Can anyone list the ingredients? I can't find it. Thanks.
I'm looking for something to keep the neighbors' cats from pooping in my vegetable garden. Will this keep them out of my yard if I spray my fence?
Does this product work on christmas trees?
does bitter apple works on christmas trees?
is it safe for my spider plants
Ok I bought this recently to keep my kitty from chewing our outdoor plants. My question for you is how does it work? How do I use it? It doesn't look like a spray?
Does this work for outdoor plants? I have a cat that likes to chew on my outdoor plants. They are not poisinous but I don't want him chewing on them.
Can I apply it to my hands, socks, and shoes so my puppy can stop biting those places?
Can this be used for cats also?
Has anyone tasted it or gotten it on their hands? Does it taste bitter to humans as well?
prevention for cats who pee on furniture
Does it stain the furniture (wood, leather, fabric)?
Can I spay this product on a licking sore that is slightly open with just ever so little bleeding. Can I safely spray this directly on the sore?
Can you use this on human skin...dog bites bare feet!
can you spray a christmas tree with this to keep cats off?
would this work for keeping cats off convertible top?
Has this product stained any of your furniture?
What about the odor! I bought tropiclean and the odor is to strong.
Can you spray this on dogs after they are bathed to make combing easier
can this be used on cats as well?
The floor of my crate is 35x23 which crate pan should I order?
Is this the same that one originally comes with the crate? or the heavy duty one? I purchased both before and my dog has destroyed them both easily
My dog's crate is 41+" Long by 25" wide which replacement pan do I need to order?
I need a tray to fit a Midwest 24x36 wire crate...will this tray fit those crates?
Does this tray fit other brands of crates? I have a Petco brand....
I have a 47x39 will it fit?
will this work for a 35 x 21 crate
my tray is 35 1/2 x 19 1/2 x1'. do you have areplacement?
I need a replacement pan for my Four paws 29x47, does Amazon have one?
What county is it made in? Thanks
How many treats are in each package? i.e. MEDIUM- 11 OZ , 8.4 OZ, SMALL - 11 OZ, 8.4OZ?
How long do they last? Meaning how long do you approximately have till the best by date from the date you buy from a store.
Are they hard or soft?
Can this size be used for a puppy? (I can break them up of course) or is the soft peanut butter from the tube a better choice?
do these work with medium size kong?
do these work with xl kong?
Is there any beef in these?
Does someone uses it with the XL kong?
any corn in this treat?
I am looking for a clay only litter. No other ingredients, dyes, frangrances, etc. Can you list the ingredients?
Is this litter flushable?
Is this sand or crystals?
litter made
hello. do they come with any filters?
Is there anything on it that allows you adjust the intake/output water flow?
what size filter should i get for my tank? its 37 gallons. do i need a long intake tube or is the 6in fine?
Does this have a "hanger" for the filter. I have an acrylic tank with a slot 11 x 1/2" slot
starts automatically after a power outage and what the impeller parts
Hello, does it works on 220 Volts?
I've got a tall 30 gal tank, how far down into the tank does this in take tube go do i need extension?
Will this work with hot water? Not boiling, but maybe 130F?
Will it fit acrylic tank with 15"x1 1/2" slot?
what voltage is the motor is it 240 votls
I'm not sure what size to get for a German Shorthaired Pointer. Medium or Medium/Large?
Does the medium red ball have a hole. I have not been able to find the medium ball without a hold. I need to replace the one I have and can't find o
Where is it made?
Is the small kong ball what they say is 2.5 inches the same size as a tennis ball?
Does this ball float?
Does this ball float?
Is the Small KONG Ball the same size as a tennis ball? Would it fit in a CHUCKIT tennis ball launcher?
I have a toy Yorkie, would the small ball be an appropriate size for this breed?
Is there any ball in your inventory that is 1.5 inches and rubber? Thanks.
Does this ball squeak when chewed?
Does this come with a bio-bag cartridge to start with or do I need to buy them right now, too?
Is the lip shown at left the only part that stands "above" the top of the tank? So that a flat tank cover can be used?
As this is a HOB filter. Can you tell me how far outside the tank it measures. I am tight for room and may have to get an internal filter.
Is it possible to use this without carbon? I want it for a hospital tank with medication.
Will this work on a 20gl high or will I need more power?
Can you use sponges in this filter say from the dollar store?
will the medium cartridge filters work with this as well? I 'm fully socked on medium filters?
does it come with a carbon filter?
Would this filter fit in a long cylindrical tank
I have a 10 inch tall tank that is half full; would it still be able to filter the water. (Would it be able to reach water 5 in. down?) Thanks!!!!!
What are the inside dimensions (measurements) of this small carrier? I have the old medium; it's perfect! Need another, but this may be too small.
why do we not see the measurement for these crate/kennels I really need on but I need a large/Med
Is the price correct on this item? These generally g for about $35.00, not $135.
does it come with the filter bags
How wide is the unit? I have a hex tank and need to know left to right how much space it needs
How long is the actual filter pipe that goes into the tank? I've gotten a couple of these whisper filters in the past, usually for smaller tanks and the actual pipe that goes into the tank is usually about 8inches, which is fine. Is this one about the...
Is this big enough for a 50 gal tank and how often does it need cleaning??
Is it work with 220V? outside of U.S.
How much space do I need between the acquarium and the wall to accommodate this filter? I have a pretty tight spot, and would really appreciate it if someone could give me the exact space required. Thanks so much!
Can anyone tell me how many gph this filter runs?
Anyone able to tell me if this will fit over the lip of a 90 gallon aquarium? (slightly over 1.25 inches)
what is the 'gallon per hour' rating of tbis filter?
For some reason the filter in not quiet
Is each panel 15" wide or the product fully assembled is 15" wide?
Do I have to put it together every time I use it
Can 3 guinea pigs run around inside
how many panels are included?
I have a robovski dwarf hamster, she's really small, would she be able to fit between the bars? How wide are they?
Does anyone use this for rats? Do they stay put if you give them enough toys/entertainment?
I have two bunnies "Netherland Dwarf"... so they could jump over the panels or not?
How high is it 15" or 19" or is the height different from what is advertised?
I have a hamster and need to give it some out-of-the-cage time in a playpen. I only read reviews about ferrets and guinea pigs. How big is it?
How many inches is the spacing between bars?
Do these not come with lids anymore? I have one that has a lid, it is not the greatest lid but it is better than no lid.
Warranty?
does the 40i require an air pump? if so does the air pump and airline tubing come with it?
I just bought one of these and need to know how to put it in the tank. Have always had the ones that hang on the outside of the tank. Have a huge aquaclear filter but it kills my fish. It sucks them close to the tube and kills them. So I bought a 40...
I have replacement bio bags but need to replace the foam in the second filter part. Where can I buy that?
I've seen this one and the smaller one (10-30i) which one is better for 20 gallons?
Which one does fit to this? Whisper Bio-Bag filter cartridge Large or Medium? Thanks!
What are the dimensions of the slits?
Can I use this for 5 small female rats?
can I use it to transport my holland lop bunny, 3.5 lbs, long distances? I'd have to make pit stops for food and water as there is no pet food holder
I'm flying with delta and I was told the dimensions of my pets carrier needs to be 13x15x7.5..I'm really liking this one. My Chihuahua is 6 lbs. I've seen that it fits under a seat but has anyone flown with delta?
will this be too big for a bunny?
could this fit 2 chinchillas?
what are the outside dimensions of the carrier
Excuse me,could you tell me please how much the weight of the item is it?
can I use to transport my holland lop, 3.5lbs, long distance? Is there a way to hook pet travel cups?
Does it float?
Can you stuff this ball with treats?
Is it possible for pieces to be chewed off and swallowed?
Do these get really slimy after the dog brings them back a couple of times?
Does this Kong ball have a hole in it?
How big is it? What is it made out of?
what is the size of this ball
Do you still sell these balls WITHOUT the hole? Do you still sell these balls solid?
Does it fit topfin power filter 10?
dose it fit whisper 30?
i have eight fish between 1" and 2" in size in a ten gallon tank. how often should i change the filter, every month or every other week ? thanks.
Where can I buy the activated carbon, if I need more to put in each bag?
Do these fit tetra pf10 filters
Are these easy to assemble?
Can I use these for my Tetra Decorative Reptile filter (waterfall filter up to 55 gallons)?
Does this pack include activated charcoal refill(s)?
I don't know if this was asked but does it fit the pf-10?
Can this filter operate totally submerged? I have an aerator (bubbler) so I don't need the filter to aerate the aquarium. Thank you for your answers, now I have another question... If I have the waterline up to the lip of the filter, how noisy is it?
Does this come with a filter cartridge?
What size replacement filter cartridge for this unit...small, med?
Is this powered through a cord &amp; outlet or through batteries? Unsure since I didn't see any sort of cord in the product image.
&#xFF29;have purchased this item.Do I need to buy air pump to supply Oxygen for my fish?or this filter can?
Wath is the bio scrubber for?
My goldfish kept hiding and staying under things, realized too much current for a 10 gallon tank. Is there a way to adjust the current?
Do you think my bettas fins could get caught in it?
Will this be too powerful in a 10 gallon tank only filled a few inches for a baby turtle? How often would I have to change the filter?
can the water flow be adjusted?
Is this small size have rear vents? Picture and product description shows rear vents.
Hi, can you please tell me how much this kennel weighs?
Are the screws in metal or plastic? Thanks for a quick answer!
Does this particular crate have an attached water bowl, as required by IATA
For flights, the kennel is supposed to have handles. I can't see any on the photo, nor in the description. Does it have a handle?
does this come with food and water bowls?
Hi, mine came without the door, amazon already made a refund but i need to know witch replacement door is the right one
Is this kennel approved for International shipment of pets?
Would this crate be good for transporting an 11 lb cat to vet appointments? Thank you.
Is the kennel really 1.3 pounds? I need to know the exact weight!
does the 30 come with an extension piece for the intake?
How much power does this use? Watts?
Does the Tetra Whisper Power Filter 30 have a way to adjust the water flow?
How high the water should be on a 30 gallon tant
I have limited space between a wall and aquarium how deep is the filter. How many inches in back of aquarium
I have a 20 gallon tank. To keep it extra filtered and clean shall I buy the filter for up to 20 gallons or the one for up to 30 gallons?
Is this 5.3 inches wide?
can i use it in a marine Aquarium
leaking
This product appears to be different than what I had before, it comes out gooey looking and doesn't break down very well...is this normal? I've only put in the one cap full until I find out.
Is it a clear liquid or a kind of thick yellow gel? I even shook the bottle well. I ordered one of the 16 oz bottles and it came as a yellow gel.
In have a Fluval Chi Aquarium and I have to add water every week, which one should I get this or the aqua safe?
My tanks are at 7.8, I'm trying to bring it down with 7.0 slow water changes. Question is, should I add this to my (7.0) water change water or wait until the tank is at 7.0? I do not want this to set my water at 7.8.
alkilinity
OK, This seems like such a waste. Doesn't dog poo decomponse on it's own in a few days? I can't see what value this brings to the natural process.
How does it work, where does the poop go?
Can this be used with cat feces?
I've heard this doesn't do well in cold weather climates (below 40). Is this true?
Does this overflow during the rainy season? And (serious but weird part of my question), can you use this for biodegradable baby diapers/liners?
Is this a bottomless tube with a lid on top?
If I install this near my water pump will it affect my drinking water?
Does this come with instructions on how to install it?
Will this fill up when it rains? The surrounding soil might absorb water and may flood this compost. How do you avoid that from happening?
The description says it works well in all soils except hard clay. Will it work at all with clay?
is it big enough for a german shepard
Would you recommend buying the see-thru pet door?
What is the dimension of the door opening?
Where is this dog house made?
I have a 185lb English Mastiff. XL too small?
Do you think you could fit an 55lb Boxer and a 75lb boxer in the X-Large one?
I have a 115lb Great Dane. Will she fit?
Is the extra-large dog house big and roomy enough to accomodate a 130 pound Great Pyrenees?
How durable is the doggloo itself? We have two puppies that are well on their way to eating their current doghouse but it is wood. Hoping this is more durable?
Do you mainly use this indoor or outdoor?
Can you clean the basin in the dishwasher?
Will a five gallon bottle work with opening? Have 3 dogs 1 we have worn out looking to replace not able to find LeBistro 5gal anywhere. ?
can you use other 5 gallon water bottles such as those you use for household water dispensers?
can my cat play with this without me? does it mount onto a door or wall? or just lie on the floor?
Scared 2 of my cats. One plays with it a little but she wont jump and she gets it stuck in her claws and just sits there. Suggestions ?
Is the fabric portion made of wool or synthetic material?
Is this better than a stick with a shoelace tied to it?
What is the difference between the 4 options for purchase? 1 Rainbow vs. 4' and then there are two 2-pack options?
how does this toy work
does the 46 inch length include the wand....or is the fabric 46 inches in length???
Any possibility she might swallow this?
How long is the wand?
How is the strip of fleece attached to the stick? Is it just glued on? One of my foster kittens is notorious for "detaching" toys from sticks.
We have two cats that shed like crazy, will this product work on my comforter and other fabric furniture?
would it work for clothes
Is the back just a rubber scraping blade - or does it have knobby bristles where you have to pull the hair out from them?
Does it work on clothes i.e. denim jeans?
Would this item work on carpet?
Is this the same magnet that had 'Pet Hair Magnet' on the top years ago? Description says Petmate but has JW on the card. Making sure its same one
Will this work on electronics, like my TV or laptop?
Does this remove hair from car floor mats?
Does this work well on Microfiber furniture?
Does this item come in some other color?
What kind of plastic/rubber is it? Soft but durable like a Kong or hard rigid plastic?
which one is the size of a tennis ball?
I think by reading the other reviews it sounds like this ball is NOT for kicking/playing fetch, is this true?
What size to get for a 68lb yellow lab?
Will it bounce?
What is the lifetime guarantee and what does it cover?
If a dog gets his jaws around it (I have mastiffs) can he crush the ball? I am considering the 10" version.
does it float if my dog knocks it into the pool?
is this a BOOMER brand ball?
Can you choose the color you get?
To what temperature is this insulated? Is this insulated enough for winter temps of 10 degrees F? Thanks.
Can this condo fit 2 adult cats?
Is there a heated pad that is made for this kitty condo also a flap/door cover.
It came without screws. What size/type of screw did you use to keep it together. The tabs don't move enough to put through the slots.
How do you go about cleaning the carpeted floor? Is the fabric removable?
I received the order yesterday. There were 2 pieces in the box: the floor and the dome. They are not fitting together. How do I connect them?
Amazon is saying the regular price of this igloo is $12,499. Is this a mistake? It can't be that expensive.
Is it sturdy enough, and heavily grounded for wind resistance.
I'm concerned by the reviews that this might be too small for my little bull dog. He weighs 45 pounds. Do you think he will fit?
Cleaning: Does this dog house come apart for cleaning?
Can someone please tell me the width of the opening? We have an existing house heating pad and want to ensure it will fit into a new house. Thanks in advance!
Is the medium size right for a 55 lb. dog?
Do these really stay cooler inside in summer heat? Enuf so that pets will want to go in them when it's hot out?
what size is this?
Where do you put it and in what kind of weather?
DOES THE VENT ON TOP CLOSE TO KEEP OUT RAIN?
How do you get your dog to go in it?
I am thinking of getting this for feral cats. I am tight on budget, but still I am wondering how many I m going to have to buy for four of them...
I'm not sure if i have a vari kennel or a ultra, Tan color, metal side vents. It is from the mid 2000's. Has Large 36x24x26 above door??
Do you know if this door fit a Remington kennel?
Do you know if this door will fit a Nylabone collapsible crate?
I have an older Varikennel (Large green plastic) that I need a replacement door for.Any chance I will find one?
I have a Petmate PetPorter Ex Lg - 40"Lx27Wx30H and need a door replacement - what more measurements do I need? Do I measure the opening or pin hole
How far apart are the rods that fit into top of door?
Will this fit my crate the measurements are aprox. 21 1/2 tall by 16 1/2 wide flat top and angled sides?
have a old petmate pet porter kennel will this gate fit it is a large
how do i no what size door i need for my pet mate pet porter
Is the cat door see through transparent like glass or opaque, my cat will not go through unless she can see what is behind the door
Is it easy to install? &amp; Do you need additional tools to install it?
What are the exterior dimensions of this pet door.???
My door has a width of 4cm is this cat door suitable?
How big is the required hole in the door?
I have a 25 lb Maine Coon. Is this opening large enough for my cat?
Can this be installed in a pocket door?
I measure my door and its 1.76" Inches thick , the description says its 2.2" inches thick , will this adjust to my door size?
demensions
It looks like there is a fairly large gap between the top of the door and the frame or is the picture deceiving?
Is this 6' red nylon leash with a traffic loop that is 3/4" wide?
How long is this?
When you use the long handle, does the short handle hang down and drag on the ground?
How thick is this?
what is the weight suggestion for this tie out?
Hello, I just wanted to make sure this is 20' long. I was confused by the length, height, and width dimensions.
DO YOU HAVE A 30 FOOT ONE?
is it both for the price or only one
are these sold as a pair or sold as each one? Please dont answer " yes," it doesnt answer the question.
Is this a pair of cross ties or sold as one?
What ingredients does this contain?
How do I know when it expires?
Where is this made?
Can this be added to a drinkwell fountain?
where is it manufactured?
Are the dog and cat formulations the same?
The bottle, cap and color have been changed. Why
Is it harmful to cat over time?
Can be used with dogs?
How long did this take to start working? I've had it for weeks and it doesn't seem to be doing anything.
Does the carbon filter in most kitty fountains affect the amount of Dental Fresh the cat gets when drinking the water?
how many hook links are in each package
difference between pinch and prong collars
I need a set of 3 links that are 1 inch High, 1 inch wide, and 1 1/2 inch long. What do I order??
prong or pinch for an one year old aussie strong as hell?
I have a 109# Rottie and had the 3mm medium collar. Should I get extra links for it or go up in size?
How many links are in the medium package of links?
is the 3mm measured from the flatmside of the link and would be the longest side?
I have a 16 inch collar but I need an 18 inch collar. How many extra hook links do I need to make my 16 inch into an 18 inch?
how many links are in a $6.98 package from sprenger?
I see that the clamps are adjustable. Would the 24inch hood fit a 22inch width tank?
is the ballast built into the fixture, or separate on the cord?
Are there replacement ballasts available? One of mine died.
Does it come with bulbs or do they need to be purchased separately?
Does this use the 24 inch t5 HO lights or 22 24W lights like it states
do they say a replacement for plastic see threw cover on bottom i accidently snapped mine in half while cleaning?
Can this be used for reptile UVB/UVA florescent t5 HO tubes?
Is this good if you have a glass top and a saltwater tank?
Why does the 36" cost more than your 24"?
My tank is 36w x 18d. Is this hood 12d overall? Can it be safe placed on top of a screen top? TIA.
I am wanting the 30 inch and the weight varies from each one. Would you say it is probably around 14lbs?
Will this fit onto a 40 gallon breeder tank to secure a growing Ball Python with a tendency toward mischief?
What is the purpose of a quick release snap? Also, I have adopted a pit bull rescue and I am not sure what size is appropriate. Any suggestion?
What mm are the prongs? 2? 3?
As a training collar will this work to correct excessive barking and lounging at other dogs and peple??
I'm not sure what weight/size prong collar is best for my 40 lb medium sized field type English Springer Spaniel. Can you advise me?
can I put the collar on with my arthritic fingers?
What size collar should I get for a Wheaten Terrier with neck size of 14 1/2
Please confirm this is a 16", (base size) that is expandable with 3mm links out to - what size, (inches)? And it does have the quick release...
is the 511 better?
Does anyone know what the flow rate (GPH) is for this filter?
Does this filter come with all of the items needed to start (rocks, foam filter, carbon, etc). to set up and start filtering?
would this filter be ok for a 10 gallon take?
Are the spray bar and tubing included with the filter?
I have a Zoo Med Turtle Clean 511. I want to use some of Marineland's products but I need to know what size nylon bag to purchase that fits 511
I want to use this to filter the drainage layer (~2 inches of water) for a vivarium. Will the filter be able to lift the water 2 feet out of the tank?
how many gallons per hour?
how long are the tubes
could the spray bar be under the water, or does it have to be above the water
Does anyone know how to contact the manufacturer or know if there's a warranty? The plastic piece that held in the metal teeth just fell out.
is this for a large breed dog?
how long are the teeth?
are the teeth sharp? i need them to be sharp
Is this brush good for removing the undercoating on a Pomeranian puppy
are the teeth on this comb all even or uneven )some short, some long)?
how many teeth are there
Can you use this on long haired cats?
Does the large size fit under Southwest Airline seats? Would the medium accommodate a 20 pound Cavalier King Charles Spaniel?
Will 3 13-pounder cats fit inside?
Is this a leather bag?
What are the dimensions of the carrier?
i have a poodle toy, he weights 15lb, and his measurements: Length 20 Height 12...my question is: should i get the medium or large size?
Does the large meet AA requirements? I purchased the seats with 6 inch extra leg room. I have a 18 lb Shih Tzu. Will she need the large carrier?
How heavy is the carrier for a 10 pound dog?
Would it be fit for a 21,5 pound Scottish Terrier?
What is the difference between the large wheeled carrier and the ultimate large wheeled carrier -- besides the price. Thanks for the feedback.
Does it fit under the seat on United Airlines
Is there enough room to put an exercise wheel in this cage? i have a Syrian hamster that keeps escaping and have heard that this cage might be a better fit for her, but think she probably needs an exercise wheel too.
I have two male rats, about 9 months old. Will they be comfortable on a 2 --3 week vacation? They have a bigger cage at home.
can a long-haired hamster fit in this cage
Is this cage big enough for 3 baby female rats? I will move them into another cage when they are big enough because it has 1 in wire spacing.
Does this cage safe enough to prevent the Syrian hamster from running away?
can this sand be used for a typical kids sandbox?
Can this be used in a fish tank if rinsed off?
What product would you recommend for bleached white sand? many reviewers have commented on the color of this product not being white as pictured.
Is this sand good for hermit crabs?
I heard this sand can be used for Hamsters to bathe themselves in. I have a syrian hamster would I be able to use this?
will this sand be good for my tortoise?
Is it big enough for a fancy mouse
Can this be connected to a habitrail cage?
Would this be big enough to fit a Super Pet Mouse Silent Spinner 4-1/2-Inch Mini Exercise Wheel?
Will the Habitrail OVO tubes connect to this?
Would this be okay for two ferrets?
How far apart are the bars from each other?
Would 2 guinea pigs work. Their cage is so large I have a hard time carrying for cleaning. Looking for something smaller
Are those ramps slippery for ferrets to get up and down? It looks like there's not a lot of traction.
Would 2 guinea pigs work. Their cage is so large I have a hard time carrying for cleanin. Looking for something smaller
Would this be ok for two rats, or would it be too hard for the rats to get around?
can you add on to the top of the cage to make it taller?
On here it says its going to be around 80 dollars but when it comes up in my order subtotal, it says it will be around 17 dollars. why is this???
Can we buy the safety ramps seperatly
700Gph or 185Gph? which one is the real?
Will this include an installation manual and all the tubings? I am new to canister filters and I want to know as much as possible before purchasing 1
I don't see any information at all stating that it has a water pump on the unit itself. Does this unit have its own pump? Reviews talk like it does.
how can l order parts for my canister filter model 700. parts like o-rings I have part numbers. Tom
I have a 30g tank with 18g of water in it, 10 aquatic turtles 2-3 inches. Upgrade soon. I've tried so many filters! Is this the right filter for me?
I installed the Cascade 7000 last night. But what is the ceramic bag of rings for?
The maintenance instructions say to remove the impeller when cleaning out the filter. I cannot seem to be able to remove it. How can this be done?
I have a 5 yr old red slider turtle in a 30 gallon tank and his filter system seem to stop working well which size filter system would work best I
Physical size of unit and power requirements?
Is this too much for a VERY heavily stocked 20 gallon long?
this filter worked 220 v or 110 v ???
What are the dimensions?
I have a 56 gallon tall tank and need a filter that works well in this type. Will this model work well in the tall tank type?
Is the filter reusable?
how long is the part of the filter that sucks up the water....?
Does this item come with at least one filter?
After 1 year using the cascade 300 it is making noises now and sounds like it is sucking air or something. It is really annoying.
cascade 300 used to run quiet, now it makes noises, after about a year, like it is socking air or something what do I do?
Would this work for a 30g gsaltwater aquarium?
Will filter work for a 100 gallon tank for my red ear slider turtle?
Cascade 1000 - How often to change out media/filters? How often should I figure on replacing the media/filters on the tank?
I am new at this and am researching for the best pumps. Does this pump go inside or outside of the tank?
Does the Cascade 1000 come with a spray bar? And has any one had any serious problems with their Cascade?
will this product work with a 40 gallon tank
I have bought a used 1000 Casade and can't get it pumping water. Does anyone have any suggestions on how to get it to run? I have tried priming.
Does the 1000 come with everything you need to get started or do I need to purchase additional supplies?
Does the TOP off the Cascade 1000 HAVE to be BELOW the bottom level of my 75g tank? I was hoping to put it NEXT to the tank.
Exactly what filtration media comes with the Cascade 1000, please be list each filter media and be specific ie: coarse sponge etc.. The mfg. description should probably list "what's in the box?" And why on earth did I have to pay $3.99 shipping for the...
I recently got a Penn Plax Cascade Canister Filter 1000 l/h 28.5 watts when I was on craigs list (it was a giveaway). I don't have the directions. I have a 55 gallon tank. I need to change the filter. I don't know which filter to get. Is there anyone...
would this work for rats as well?
Are the colors petroleum or vegetable derived?
is this good for a chinchilla
I have read several places that Almonds can be fatal to hamsters. Why do you recommend this product, which contains an almond, for hamsters?
This was listed on the top ten favorite dog gifts. Can my dog chew on this? I didn't think it was good for dogs to chew wood?
Is it made in China?
What is the difference between the 1000, 1200, and 1500?
Mine came with 4 preloaded trays but instructions only talk about 2 trays, not 4. What are the other 2 for?
WHERE CAN DOWNLOAD MANUAL FOR 1200?
What does media does it come with?
Will this work on an open top aquarium with a lip? 100 gallons with a 2.5 inch horizontal lip around the inside edge of the top. Any help appreciated!
does it use carbon?
how big is it
how often should this filter be cleaned i.e. replacing/cleaning the media etc. ??
Is the actual flow rate 1200 gallons per hour as stated?
i received my Penn Plax Cascade 1200 GPH canister Filter,how can we bleed the air out of the filter? it doesn't stay running bx of vapor lock
Can i put 2 tubes together?
Is this toy the right thing for a hedgehog? Will they get stuck?
Can a hedge hog play in this?
is this toy 3 or 4 inch in diamiter?
Would this work for rats?
i would like to know the box size, please?
When you pull it does it stay streched out or does it slink back?
Would you be able to connect this to a dryer duct connector? (Not for dryer use, for a homemade ferret cage)
would this be large enough for a guinea pig to play in??
Will a chinchilla fit?
how many guinea pigs can fit in 1 carrier for size large?
how many guinea pigs can fit in 1 carrier for size large?
color: does this only come in Pink?
I would like to know the dimensions of one individual ball, I'm pretty sure the product dimension info listed is for a pack of four balls.
Do the balls roll or slide across the floor?
Is this product made in usa?
what are the dimensions of the newer updated version. super pets website list different dimensions then amazons?
Am looking for a product that will connect the 2 red trays across. Do you have a suggestion?
Could slightly fatter teddy bear hampsters get stuck in the tube?
Can you put mice in this habitat or will they escape through the wires?
My daughters 12 week old hamster just died because of the water bottle that comes with this cage. Has anyone else had this experience?
How do I get replacement part for this item or is that possible?
Can you Hamsters fit and live together in one cage?
Can you attach more tunnels to the top of the habitat?
Can this be added to the top of small single level Kaytee CritterTrail, or is it best to just leave it as the double it is add the first with tubs.
How do you clean the cage?
are there any wider tubes for sale? my critter struggles to get thru she is a large hamster and chews on the tubes like now excruciating noise.
Is it large enough for Guinea pig?
can Syrian hamsters fit into this cage
would this be okay for two gerbils it would also be connected two a 10 gallon aquarium filled with bedding
can i use this cage for a sugar glider
is this good for rats
Can a Fancy Hamster easily fit through the tubes?
Does the wheel come off? I like the cage and slide, but not the wheel?
Can i add a diff wheel?
is this cage safe for a sariyan hamster?
I'm thinking of using this as a kitchen garbage can, so I need to know if it is easy to secure a plastic bag inside it, and what galsize works best.
Is this 80 lb container BPA free?
How do these containers stack?
What is the dimensions of the 80 pound vault?
Is this mouse proof?
UV resistance? In Vegas where the UV index is frequently 10+ and it gets very hot, up to 115 F, will this work for outdoor storage?
Does anyone know if the 30 pound capacity container will fit a 26 pound bag of Wellness Core adult dog food?
Just today I got a couple of these. Does the plastic odor go away after a couple of days with the top off?
IS IT A PAIN TO USE AS A STACKABLE
Will a 24 lb bag of dog food fit in it? I keep the food in the bag and put it in the container.
will the 30# sit on top off the 40# side stackable
Does this test tkit come with a salt level test?
The description above states "Over 500 tests". Does this mean types of tests or that there is enough fluid in the four bottles to run the tests listed that many times? Will this test chlorine or do I need a pool kit for that?
I just recieved mine, but, I can not read the instructions because the printing is so small and light. Is there a pdf file online I can read ?
Does this kit have wide range pH test kit?
Will this work for a aquarium
can you use this test in a saltwater environment? ( a salt water pond?)
What is the range and increments tested on the ph?
yesterday i cleaned out my filter and i put it back on but it wont suck in water from the pipe there is no pressure even after i pump it. why?
Is this canister filter required to be located on the bottom of the tank? Or can it be on the same level?
Do you think this could be used outside in a small (150 gal) stock tank garden pond? Is it rain safe?
Is this filter good to use for a turtle tank? I have yet to find a filter that will deal with the mess turtles make.
does anyone know where I can get parts for the cascade 1500?
My 1 &Acirc;&frac12; y/o filter is making noises pumps air bubbles often. When taken apart, water comes out from the crack around the housing. What to do?
Does this pump go under the tank or hang on the side??
Is the 1500 too much for a 90gallon or what do you recommend???? Please help thanks
what is the length of hoses?
Just received my filter. How long should it take, after priming, to get the pump in working capacity? Thanks
My finch flight cage has chicken wire for walls. Would the chicken wire be able to support this water silo? Desperate for a "clean water solution".
WOULD THIS BE SUITABLE FOR A QUAKER?
Any idea how much water it holds?
Have these pads back to normal? I have read many reviews from last year that they were not as good as before.
I have an elderly cat I would like to get something I don't have to wash, as I do currently. Would this work for her?
Anyone found a better pad?
Someone recommended placing a wee pad under the sheet in my toddler's bed to contain nighttime accidents while potty training. Would these be too thick or stiff for that purpose? Don't want to make the bed uncomfortable.
need to find a toy for my blind 35# dog, she loves to chase balls, following by sound only, will toy still make noise after it has landed?
What is the approximate size of this ball? the description seems to describe the packaging.
what are the dimensions
Where is it manufactured?
What kind of battery?
Does this ball have a hole in it?
Are there 2 or 4 boots in this package?
Are these boots insulated to protect from snow? My dog stands on snow a lot. And are they waterproof? What size would be good for a mini dachshund?
Do u have x-small?
sizing chart
My dog's feet are 1 7/8 in. wide... would a small be the proper size for him? Are these good for traction on hardwood floors?
Are they good for huskies to wear during the summer? And what size could it be if they can wear them?
I also have a Chiauha/Datsun who weighs approx. 10 lbs. His feet measure almost 1" wide. Would a size XXS fit him? Thank you
I have a Cockapoo who weighs approx. 22 lbs and her paws measure almost 2" wide. Would a size small fit her?
What size would you recommend for a 13 lb. Maltipoo?
What size do you recommend for a Papillon?
Will this mount on a 1/4" to 3/8" thin panel?
What size does the hole in the door have to be?
will this mount in a 2" steel door
What are athe dimensions of the flap opening?
Could I put this in a small window?
Can this door be mounted in the wall ? Is anything extra needed to do this?
Could you please give me the dimensions of this door, I have one but I need to replace it and I cannot remember if I bought the small or the medium? Thank you
Does this have the locking door for when the owners and dogs are gone? If so, is it flimsy or pretty secure?
does it actually hold 50lbs of dog food?
Dimensions?
Does it come with a scoop.
Is this bin made of BPA-free plastic?
is this water-proof?
Are these rodent proof? I need a rodent-proof solution for storing birdseed.
Can I stack a 50lb with a 40lb or would I have to have the same size?
I purchase a 40 pound bag of dog food, will that fit in the container? I've read that not all kibble settles the same way.
Although it's final resting spot has enough room, i'll need to squeeze it through a space just smaller than the container. Is there any "give?"
Moths from birdseed stored nearby get into the cat food and ruin it. Will this keep the moths out?
How does this product lock? Is there a separate slide-in insert, or is there a way to lock the hard plastic door flap in place?
If you have the large, can you please tell me the dimensions of the flap itself?
what is the cutout size for the large door?
Height of entrance? Also has anyone changed their cat from a regular uncovered box?
how does it work?
could I have the dimensions please? also, what is the difference is size between the regular and the large? thannks
cats who pee standing up... my 2 year old female feels the need to be a bit dominant...she pees standing up and makes a huge mess of things...it's not a matter of spraying, we have a male cat in the household who has that area covered...she does spray...
Can I still use a litter box pan liner with this litter box? Thanks!
Does this brand of box come in more than one size? I have two large cats, one is 14 lbs and the other is 20 lbs. Will this be adequate?
Anyone else having issues with "clean" litter being collected in the tray? Any suggestions or solutions?
What are the exact measurements of this litter box? I know what it says in the description but if someone has measured the box and could tell me.
Just bought Omega Cat Box - Cat Urinating Outside Box: I'm wondering if anyone else had this experience and if so, did your cat ever take to the new litter box?
How to determine which is the right size litter box?
Is this brush good for use on a Siamese cat? Shorter hair?
can this brush also be used on long-haired dogs (e.g., a pomeranian)?
Size of brush? Can someone tell me how large the actual brush is?
what size is it?
What color will I receive?
The photo of this item is looks light tan or beige on my computer. I'm hoping that it is. Can someone tell me ?
i have been browsing for a cat food mat that keeps her from moving her water feeder and making a mess which is a good one to use
Do they still sell the matching bowls?
Hi, I bought right now but i cant choose the color, please send me in light grey!!! thanks
The patterns in the bottom of the tray look like they're very raised. are they? Can a single bowl placed in the center , sit steady?
I just orderd, I need the brown one, but I saw and still see no way to put a request through to you or to Amazon. How exactly can I do this?
Please advise how I order to receive the brown color. Thanks
Are you able to choose which color mat?
How long is this comb?
Is this stainless steel?
How long is it?
how big or large is this
What are the dimensions of the large one?
We have an aggressive chewer. Is the material dog proof?
Hello, I would like to know the amount of food that fits in this bone. For example, holds 10 lbs of dry Food. Thanks
Can this be used outdoors? (Need a place to keep the outside toys and hold up to rain/sun)
what size is this package: Can the seller please clarify!
is this Biodegradable &amp; flushable (in small quantities)?
As of 5/2/15, Picture shows 60L bag, and print shows 30L bag. Which is it?
will this work for hedgehogs?
can gerbils eat this? please respond soon!?
can this be used for hamsters?
How many cups of food can you fit in here at a time?
where do you get the treats for this ball?
Good toys for Greyhounds: Any good ideas for toys for a greyhound?
Is this made in China?
This or the Smarter Toys IQ Treat Ball for a 20lb, super smart , non chewing, food driven, herding dog?
how to wash
what size for vizsla?
cats use?
How big is the treat opening?
What kind of treats do you use for a treat ball?
is kaytee wood pellets good to use in a rabbit litter box
is KayTee wood pellets &amp; litter suitable for use in a chicken house?
is it flushable?
Can you use this as cat litter instead of Feline Pine?
is kayTEE wood pellets good for dogs and how large are the pellets?
Can this be used int he Breeze litter system?
Is this pellets or shavings? The seller description says shavings. The bag says pellets.
Can you flush this litter?
is this safe for ferrets, due to their sensitivity to certain woods like pine and cedar?
can I use it in a pellet stove ?
Pellet size?
Is this sinking or floating food?
What percent protein?
how good is this food i just brought this food is it good food worth my time feeding it to my koi fish ?
Will Catfish Eat it?
will this work for small koi?
Can you feed Tiliapia with Koi fish feed?
I have 8 large Koi and now that the weather is cooler the fish are not as active, is this food ok for koi in Fall and Winter?
Can my goldfish also eat this food?
is the pellet the smaller ones?
Is this shaved or shredded aspen?
what is the weight of the package of aspen shavings. There is some confusion regarding the cubic feet.
Safe for guinea pigs? What does anyone recommend?
Hi, I just got a dwarf bunny and was wondering if this bedding will be safe for him- I know that pine isn't.
How man litres is in an 8.0 cubic foot bag?
How man litres is in an 8.0 cubic foot bag?
Is this 8 cubic feet or does it expand to 8 cubic feet? The 4 cubic feet shows a bag of 2 cubic feet that expands to 4, but the others show different
Safe for guinea pigs and hedgehogs?
Can this used for chickens?
Why is this so expensive? I have been paying $27.00/free shipping when sold by amazon?
Is this toy hard or is it hollow and flexible and allows dogs to carry it around like a deflated ball?
Is this made in the United States?
Is the ball scented? At my dog's day care, they have one like this, but, it is light blue and blueberry scented. They said it is her favorite toy.
I'm trying to decide which size to get for my 65lbs pit bull that loves to fetch, tug and chew. Any ideas? Thanks!
my 50lb lab got a small (4.5") as a gift (that is not returnable) -- can she play with it, or will she likely destroy it in a minute flat?
This is 8" diameter, correct?
What type of material is the rope made of?
Will a standard 1/2" garden hose thread onto this product?
I have 1/2" spigots. Is this the corrrect size for them?
What is the OD of the internal flange. I have a hole in a formed plastic part that is 1.375" diameter. Will the non threaded flange fit into that.
is internal threading 1/2"
What is the OD? I have to fill a 1.5 inch hole.
How long is the 'stem' on this fitting?
Do both the inner parts of both the gasket (the head piece), and the flange (the tail piece) have 1/2" NPT threads?
What diameter hole will the 1/2" fit in. Anyone know the outside diameter?
Can I hook 1/2 threaded sch 40 PVC to this?
What fitting is needed to attach 3/4 inch pond hose?
Height of entrance? Also has anyone changed their cat from a regular uncovered box?
how does it work?
could I have the dimensions please? also, what is the difference is size between the regular and the large? thannks
cats who pee standing up... my 2 year old female feels the need to be a bit dominant...she pees standing up and makes a huge mess of things...it's not a matter of spraying, we have a male cat in the household who has that area covered...she does spray...
Can I still use a litter box pan liner with this litter box? Thanks!
Does this brand of box come in more than one size? I have two large cats, one is 14 lbs and the other is 20 lbs. Will this be adequate?
Anyone else having issues with "clean" litter being collected in the tray? Any suggestions or solutions?
What are the exact measurements of this litter box? I know what it says in the description but if someone has measured the box and could tell me.
Just bought Omega Cat Box - Cat Urinating Outside Box: I'm wondering if anyone else had this experience and if so, did your cat ever take to the new litter box?
How to determine which is the right size litter box?
Is the inside of the bulkhead threaded?
will this work on a 400 gal plywood/liquid rubber tank as a drain in the bottom?
I ordered the 3/4-Inch Bulkhead Fitting Kit, but upon arrival it did it not have the elbow or strainer in package. Are these included in the kit?
Can I use this in the bottom of a 55 gallon tank as a drain?
what size hose will it take
What drill hole size is needed to use this bulkhead?
What is the height of the total box. I have a limit of 15 inches
Is this littler box a good size for a two cat home?
Is this a smooth finish for easy cleaning? Are the corners rounded? Can I use it without the sifting shield? Thank U!
Can the sifter be removed and not used at all?
what is the width at the top of the box?
Our cat is 17 lbs., should we get the Large or Extra-Large Sifting Cat Litter Box?
Is this 15.2 inches wide? thanks!
color
What size 'bit' should be used for these fittings?
what size hose fits on barb fitting ?
Are these bulkhead fittings labeled as "food safe"? Thanks!
This fitting is dual slip? What is the maximum tank thickness?
Can anyone recommend the size of these for African Butterfly fish? My butterfly fish accepts dried flake and freeze dried foods. Just not too big.
Are these crickets suppose to smell soooo bad. I've bought these before. Same brand also. They smelled a little but not like these. Awful! They don't expire till 2015.
i was wondering if my pet turantulas would like them and if they can be remoistened?
About how many crickets come in one jar?
whar was the weighg of the crickets be f ore they were freeze dried? @lso anh nutritional v a lue?
hi! i want to keep emperor scorpions as pet. I am from india. live food will not be possible for me to get. which product do you recommend ? thanks
Where does it say these crickets come from? What's on the bottle-China, USA, or where? Thank you
^That doesn't look like a bucket. Is this fake?
which is the expiration date of the product. to bring Venezuela takes 50 days
which is the expiration date of the product. to bring Venezuela takes 50 days
The bucket used to be about 5 lbs or 2270g. So is it 2000g now? if so, should the price be cheaper?
How long does this food tend to float before it sinks, and does it sink fast? My fish tend to do better with surface food...
After the container is opened, how long will the food last before decreasing in quality if it were frozen in a freezer? And what is the shelf life?
will this sink for kuhli loaches?
Would this work for small clownfish?
Should this be a supplement or can this be the main food?
I'm new to Saltwater aquariums, so I'm not sure what type food should I get for my fish. Can anyone help me please?
Is this food good for betta fishes?
Does this product need to be refrigerated?
Are these for freshwater fish also?
How often do you give t? do you alternate between this and flakes for gold fish? how much do you give. have 1 neon tetra, 2 minnows,2 catfis &amp; 1 snail
Do these pellets sink or float?
is it 3 or 1
What size is best for cockatiel, mini or original?
What size would be best for a single budgie?
Does anyone know if this is safe for rats to chew?
The price increased on these $2 since January. I normally order several but that no longer makes this items price competitive. Any chance this price will return to $4.99?
How much does the package weigh? I can't find it on the site.
Is this food vitamin fortified?
Can you send to the UK ? if so do you how much ? Thanks
Is this food vitamin fortified?
Can anyone give me a list of ingredients and the directions for use? No picture of that info. Thanks in advance for your responses!
What country are these made in?
How do you open the container? Just recieved our first container of this product and wife and I can not figure how to open it.
Trying to match the dimensions ... I assume this is 18" high, 12" wide and 15.5" deep. Is this correct?
Is this container rodent-proof? Meaning, is there any way rodents could chew through this plastic?
Will one of these fit a 25 pound bag of flour? Also can one of these hold a 20 pound bag of rice?
Has anyone had a problem getting rid of the plastic smell inside? I washed and soaked with baking soda and it's still there.
Can ants get into the food
Are they BPA free
what is the dimension?
Angled opening of 40 pound vs. straight up opening of 50 pound container. Is there any functional difference in the opening design other than size? Not stacking them.
Are these containers water/moist proof?
does each container hold 40lb? or 20lbs each?
How does this product compare to Tropiclean D-Mat Detangler? What is the scent like?
Is there an ingredients list on the package?
Does this need to be diluted, or can you just use it directly from the bottle?
Do you first need to use your regular conditioner on the dog and then use The Stuff?
can this be used on cats?
Will this work on dry fur?
Does it work on horses?
Has anyone used this on a lab?
Does this product work well for a yorkie?
is this for cat's
Our kitchen cupboard of 18.5 inches high, Will the 60 pound container fit this height?
Does anyone know if it is resistant to squirrels chewing through if left outside on patio?
Can you stack a 40lbs container on top of a 60lbs container, and it be stable?
replacement gaskets for 60 pound vault where to order?
Does the Vittles Vault 60-Pound Stackable hold more than 50 Lbs. of kibble easily.
is it BPA free?
what is the hight , with and length of the 60 lb ? i need exactly to know how much is each in particulary
Anyone use this for charcoal? Would a 40lb bag of lump charcoal fit?
Can someone explain the dimensions? I would like to put this in a 31" x 21" drawer with a height of 17". Will it fit? Top lid or side lid?
Are these USDA food grade? What is the dimensions L W H, of the square box and also with the neck extension?
what flavor is best?
i have a havanesse puppy hardlly has any teeth are these soft to chew? thanks joy
Are they made in usa
Good for running with my dog?
what size I need for chocolate lab about 80 lb.
What is the earliest age of puppy can you start this???
I have a mini schnauzer she weighs 10 lbs. How do know what size? They need to explain more info...
After using this, can I go back to normal collar leash, once my dog gets it? or will he always need this?
does it help prevent attacking other dogs?
It takes me forever to get this collar on. And then when I do get it on, my pitbull is able to just smack it off his face. Any advice?
What are the measurements for the various sizes? I have a large labrador and I am not sure whether to go with the L or XL
I have two energetic miniature schnauzers who pull so much that my husband won't walk them. Is gentle leader recommended for two dogs walking together
Is this a good choice for a dog who is aggressive towards other dogs?
What are the actual dimensions of this item?
Can this be attached to the top the Exercise Pen when it is set up in a square? Plan to use for cats as enclosed area on deck.
So is this a metal top or is it a fabric of some kind? It looks like metal, but I saw a review that said it was not. Please clarify.
Will this particular one fit the 24" W x 30" H pen?
Can 2 be connected together to create a 4 x 8 pen?
Can the panels be separated? (either by 4 panels or 2 long ones?)
Is this top BLACK or GOLD? It says it's "Black electo coat finish", but is says the color is "Gold"...I need black, but it is black??
My pond is only 110 gal. How much would I use to treat in the Fall?
Is it to late to add this to my pond? I just saw this product and looks like it works well. I already shut my filter off but want to get rid of sludg
the pump need to be runing
Is it also OK for my Japanese Trapdoors?
how much do you put in pond and how often
How many gallons of water does this Qt treat?
Show the analyis label
Corn Syrup?? It's the third ingredient, how is this healthy?
It would be nice to see what exactly is in the tablet. A picture of the Nutrition Info would really help prospective buyers.
Is this product, made in the USA? I know it says it on the picture and on the description but I want to make sure the actual product is USA.thx
I just bought the Pet Tabs Plus AF 1/17/2014 what would be the Best Used by Date"
how to find expiration date for pet-tabs
does this qualify for free shipping? if not, can I pick it up from your warehouse?
Are they made in India or the US?
Are the ingredients that go into Pet Tabs grown/manufactured/processed in the USA?
do these consist of "human grade" products?
What the difference between Pet-Tabs OF and Pet-Tabs AF ?? My dog is Great Dane, which one will be better for him?? Please tell me!!!
What are the ingredients in this formula?
How can I know the expiration date? I can't find it on the bottle.
Has Pet-Tabs changed their label?
Does this work well for a green cheek conure?
Hi, Does anyone know where I can find replacement suction cups? The unit is useless to me as the suction cups are flat.
Would this work for an Umbrella Cockatoo?
Is this perch good for a Congo African Grey?
What is the length of the perch part of this? The dimensions just say it's 9-1/2 x 11 x 8.
Will this product can be attached with solid wall?
what noises do the different models make?
will it break if you throw it?
Do cats like this?
Does anyone know what screws are used for the small ball, brand and size? I can't find them at my local hardware store!
Where is the plastic strip that I am to remove. Have examined the ball and find nothing and of course it doesn't work even giving it a hard rap or tw
how big is it? (I have a 10lb toy poodle and a 6 lb 5 month old Yorkie)
does the sound go on long enough for a blind dog to find it? our dog recently went blind and he used to love to play
I received my Talking Babble Ball today. It does not make any sound when moved. The plastic tab was already removed. Are the batteries dead?
How big is it?
what size is the replacement battery? Does it require all three batteries in the ball?
What size dog does this work best for? I have a chihuahua dachshund mix around 20 lbs will she fit?
What is the width of the opening at the bottom of the door? Also interior dimentions
does the top come off for cleaning?
I will be using this on a covered porch for a stray cat..I was wondering if a heavy duty trash bag wrapped around the outside would help insulate it?
Does it have rear ventilation?
I have 2 barn cats and this would be in a stall. if they both agree to go in would they both fit?
Are these insulated?
Has this product recently changed? I went to purchase a new bag today, and noticed that the bag no longer says salmon as one of the main ingredients.
Is this product grain free? It says no Wheat, Soy, etc
What is the expiration date?
is this product made in the usa?
My dog is about 65#'s and I did not see any info on how long a 30# bag would last. Also he is about 12-13 yrs. old and recovering from a bowel inf.
What size is the kibble?
chew hardiness, please? Our lab locates a weak link and destroys most chew toys. Thank you in advance for input.
How easy is it to wash this toy?
How much kibble will this hold? 1 cup, 2 cups?
where are these dog toys made?
how to determine what size to purchase
Has anyone had a cat play with this? New kitten, looked like a cute toy..
I can not decide on a size for my 20LB mutt. I just can not decide on large or junior. What do you think I should do?
Can I give it to my guinea pig?
Do the Squirrels squeak?
Can I get extra squirrels for the junior size?
Is this safe for a large dog who is a strong chewer? I have a 3 month old golden retriever and am wondering if the Jumbo size and chipmunks hold up?
Where is this toy made?
size
What size should I get for my 70lb german shepherd?
Does it contain BPA or phthalates?
Is this toy made in the USA?
Is this made of rubber?
How easy is it to fill with kibble, and how much will it fit?
is it rubber?
Best treats to put in this toy?
the holes for treat dispensing are too small. even with the prongs cut off. Are the holes in the larger size larger? Is there enything else I can do
I'd like to use this as a way to feed part of my dog's meal. Will medium sized kibble fit into this toy?
I have a 9 week old husky. Can you help me with whether to buy the small or larger version?
Can you open this toy to clean it?
Does it help stop dogs from marking on the same spot? How does it smell?
Is this something I can wet the place with, let dry and do nothing else?
Is this product safe for leather?
Does the product itself have a scent?
Does this help with removing urine odor from pet beds that have already been washed and put through the dryer?
Does this work on human or cat urine? If not, any recommendations would be appreciated!
Is this safe for wool carpet?
Has anyone used this on engineered hardwood? It is ok?
My duraplank floor finish is worn and I am unsure how to refinish it
Why did you change the wafers? They are now thicker but smaller in diameter and no longer work. Have the ingredients changed?
Why do they have to put magnesium stearate in this product? all the other ingredients are great and they ruined it with this.
Why do you not list all of the ingredients. My cat is allergic to brewer's yeast! All ingredients should be listed.
What is the amount of magnesium stearate in each tablet?
My long-haired dog gets hairballs...does this product work with dogs?
is it US made and also all the ingredients from US?
My cat has still thrown up twice since giving this to her daily since July 12. How long does it take to work?
2pack is how many bottles?
does this come in liquid or gel?
Can't seem to get these to break apart, even using a knife. Anyone found an easy way to break apart?
If the heating pad has its own single temp thermostat, how does the temp control sense the pad temp and override the build in control?
My dog is having puppies in the dead of winter. She is a large breed. Will 102 degrees be to warm for puppies? Trying to decide if I need to dial the
Does this item have automatic on/off at your set temperature
Will this work as a variable speed control for a stove blower? It looks the same as the one had and others that do work
Anyone have experience using these to speed control Vortex fans?
Will this work for the reptile heating cables and reptile heat lamps?
Which shampoo is best for skin allergies, sores, greasy skin and itching?
does the Earthbath shampoos contain DEA or any other undesireable ingrd.? Thank you
where are the ingredients listed?
Is this the best one for really itchy skin, or should I get the Oatmeal one?
Is this product cruelty-free (i.e: not tested on animals)?
has anyone used the conditioner that goes along with this product? I have a goldendoodle and would love help with his curls. Thanks for any help.
best shampoo for a puppy
Do you use the product full strength, or do you need to dilute it?
is it tearless
can i used the oatmeal shampoo on my 12 week old puppy? or can i only by the puppy shampoo?
will be a good size for golden retriever pup?
what size would I need for a full grown german shepard ?
will this be large enough for a German Shepard?
Where is the second door. I only see the one on the side
Where is the 2nd door located? I only see one from the picture
What is the measurements of the pan in the 48" crate?
What size divider do i need to purchase? any suggestions?
would this be large enough for an american pit bull full grown
would this be able to hold a rat terrier and two chihuahuas ?
does the 48" come with the slide out tray?
Is this product easy to wash off once you return home from your walk. I don't want it getting on my floors or carpeting. Thank you!
This work well in the cold snow and ice? How often do you apply?
Do dogs try to lick it off; that's what mine would do I'm afraid, no?
I have a special needs puppy that has a deformity in her hind legs, which causes her to walk on her ankles. Would this work to protect her ankles?
How do you clean it up?
Can you put it on the long hair on their legs so they don't get snowballs there as well? My short goldendoodle's legs get covered with snowballs!
Do you place paw on the wax and rub it around?
How thick &amp; hard is this? I currently have Nutri-Vet's Pad Guard but it's such a hard wax, I can't really rub it in thoroughly w/o hurting her.
Anyone used this as a lip balm for their dog?
Does it work on hot sidewalk
Can anyone tell me how to replace the flap in the door? My door is a Larsen storm door with a factory installed PetSafe dog door.
Can anyone tell me exactly what size and type of screw I should use to replace the two original screws? Need to replace them and they are missing now
are the magnets for the bottom of the flap included
this new one seams to be to small
My petsafe door flap has 700-416 on the top of the flap- is this one going to work?
what are the dimesions
I need this in XL - PetSafe Pet Door Replacement Flap - can I still get replacement
Will this replace part #700-132
Any suggestions for a big gap on side of flap where dog sticks his head through on the sides to look in? It has a permanent warp now.
my flap is 9 by 16 have you anything I can alter to fit this size?
What is the expiration date? We alternate Frontline Plus and Revolution so need fresh (12 months) expiration.
we suspect that this is a counterfeit product as it does not work at all and some of the vials seem to be low and one was empty.
green? what's the "green" mean in this product title??
how long does it last
What does Merial mean in the title??
Is there a difference for kittens and older cats, say 10 years old?
do you have the kind with 6 individual vials?
cats frontline: Does your vet have to send in a prescription for this frontline?
does this alo kill ear mites?
The weight in kilograms have the product, I need this information to buy it from Peru 6 doses
What is the expiration date? We alternate Frontline Plus and Revolution so need fresh (12 months) expiration.
we suspect that this is a counterfeit product as it does not work at all and some of the vials seem to be low and one was empty.
green? what's the "green" mean in this product title??
how long does it last
What does Merial mean in the title??
Is there a difference for kittens and older cats, say 10 years old?
do you have the kind with 6 individual vials?
cats frontline: Does your vet have to send in a prescription for this frontline?
does this alo kill ear mites?
The weight in kilograms have the product, I need this information to buy it from Peru 6 doses
Is it compatible with Eheim Ecco pro
Is this product compatible with 220-240V?
if im using a eheim 2215 would i get the 1/2" model?
How much clearance would I need for the heater in order to put it behind the stand, which is up against a wall? Thanks
is this 1/2'' hose heater compatiable with my fluval 205 filter? is this 1/2'' hose heater compatiable with my fluval 205 filter?
what are the ingredients
What age would I start my puppy and how much would he get? (Currently he is an 8 week puppy)
Will it help weepy eyes?
does it help with lumps
Will I be able to pull the crate with ease?
will my 15# fit I want to take him to a trade show no air travel?
what are the measurements
Has anyone travelled with this on Southwest recently? Going from PHX to DIA and back in Oct. need a carrier for my 20in long, 20 lb, 13in high pup.
what are the product dimensions?
Thanks Paige !! :-) Have you traveled on airline with it ? I'm hoping it will fit comfortably under the seat.
Does it have a clasp inside in order to secure the pet inside if you have to open carrier to avoid them escaping. Some carriers come with a fastener
Does this make a rattling noise while driving?
Would this fit a Toyota Rav4 2005?
It's hard to tell from the picture.. would a Chihuahua Fit between the bars?
What tool do you use to keep the bars from sliding both up and down and back and forth?
Does it fit Subaru Foresters nicely? (We have a 2003)
The instructions say "Height adjusts to 45" and width adjusts to 65" " but doesn't specify a minimum height. What's the shortest it can go?
would this fit a 2000 toyota 4 runner?
Could you use this vertically in an SUV trunk to use half for cargo and half for a large dog?
Will this fit a 2004 Jeep Grand Cherokee?
We were thinking of using this in our over cab bed in our RV to keep the kids from falling out when they sleep. How tall is it at its smallest?
SIZE of bits please! My dogs tiny, have always been on chicken soup for puppy lovers soul.... how does this compare size wise? Picture of piece?
what are the ingredents?
what are the ingredents?
Who manufactures Premium edge healthy weight reduction?
What is the fat content in this food?
What's the difference between Healthy Weight I and Healthy Weight II: What's the difference between Healthy Weight I and Healthy Weight II?
Is this considered "grain-free" even though it isn't advertised as such?
Does this litter work well with ScoopFree automatic litter box? Can't use something that clumps.
How long will the 12 pound bucket last? Two cats with one litter box will be using this litter. Thank you for any help you can provide. :-)
Kittens &amp; Silica Litter: Are Silica-Gel based litters safe for use with small kittens?
Where is it made? Do not trust products from China.
SIZE of bits please! My dogs tiny, have always been on chicken soup for puppy lovers soul.... how does this compare size wise? Picture of piece?
what are the ingredents?
what are the ingredents?
Who manufactures Premium edge healthy weight reduction?
What is the fat content in this food?
What's the difference between Healthy Weight I and Healthy Weight II: What's the difference between Healthy Weight I and Healthy Weight II?
Is this considered "grain-free" even though it isn't advertised as such?
What is the width on this dog crate pan? I've looked everywhere and there's no width.
I have an older crate that is 42 x 24. One person said that it is 23.5 inches wide and someone else said it's 27. Which is the correct width?
I have a Midwest Crate, Model 86Z, (42X26X28), which has been discontinued. Need new pan. Can you tell me what product would fit the crate?
I have a petmate crate with a 41-1/2 x 27-3/8 tray. Will the Midwest Lifestages replacement tray fit my crate
Is it a sturdy plastic tray? Not flimsy ?
I have a Midwest Life Stages Model 1642 crate. Measurements are 42L x 28W x 31H...Will this pan fit it?
I have an older crate and the dimensions are W 24 X 42 L is there a replacement pan for this crate? It is Midwest Home for Pets Model 86Z.
Will this tray work with the Aspen Pet crate?
I would like to know if you have the XL pan, and if so, what are the dimensions. I have a 24x 48 kennel I made out of a dog fence. If you do not have this item, does anyone know of a company I can contact to order one? I have the standard size, but for...
Does the light come off the cage easy? My feathered friends like to play on the top sometimes.
We have two Amazons in a Double Macaw 72" tall cage with divider in middle. Would we need 2 lites or just 1 in the middle? Thanks
When this light is off should my canary's birdcage be covered so it is dark inside?
Has anyone found a way to 'protect' the cord for birds who come out on their cages frequently?
My cages have a solid top. Can these lights be hung on the side of the cage?
I have a parakeet and I read that all they need is one to two hours max a day of the full spectrum light. Is this true?
Im traveling internationally with my Schnauzer and want to make sure he has enough water for the trip, trying to decide if this bottle is a good fit
Does this come with installation attachments?
Where can I buy installment attachments? I didn't realize it doesn't come with any!
what size is the tip?
What size is the water tube?
Does it have a little ball?
How does it attach to the cage?
Is this water bottle the one with a rubber stopper? Or a twist on plastic piece at the nozzle? Your pictures are confusing.
What is the outside width (diameter) of the tube? I want to know if it will fit through my cage walls.. Thanks!
My cats weigh 13 to 18 lbs. will this perch hold them?
Can this be attached without any damage to wall and window, as in vacation rental properties?
My window sill is one and one half inches wide. Will it fit? Are screws or other fittings necessary?
I had window grille, still able to support? or will the area be eaten so much that there is not much for the cat to rest on?
I have roll out windows, will the perch work with them.
can you use this with windows open or closed ? I also don't have window sills , can this still work for me ?
Can the cover be taken off to be washed?
Will this perch fit in a casement window as opposed to windows that go up and down?
What are the dimensions of the flat perch portion? 10 x 15 inches???
Can you close &amp; open window after installed? How does it attach to the wall? What is it that fits into the window track? Will it work with a 7" sill?
did you all remove the plastic light cover? Or is it thin enough to not filter out too much of the uvb?
Does this Light Fixture come with the Light BULB?
did the tube bulb last long?
Can this light be used for tanning ?
how do you mount this to glass?
Will this fit on a standard 10 gallon fish tank? I plan on using it to grow long term plants that need light.
Will this be too bright for hermit crabs? I plan I putting them in a 55 gallon.
If same as Zilla light I have, it has holes along the black back length, spaced apart 13" to mount; is this the same?
Will these also heat up the enclosure, or is it just for the UVB and no heat?
does this come with the bulb included?
I am looking for dog toys that cannot be easily destroyed. Lg and sm dog disassemble all their stuffed toys in minutes.
are any of these dog toys made in china
Durability
What is the size of this toy? "Product dimensions" says it is 15" long, but some reviewers have said the one they received was tiny.
country of origin
Is this suitable for a cat?
Would this work on Shelties with long, double coated hair?
Does this comb contain any natural rubber latex?
Can I recommend this for use on humans? Flea / Lice comb?
Would it work for rabbits that are shedding ?
How much does it weigh in ounces or grams, please?
Would this sort of comb work on a long-coated, rough coat jack russell? My regular flea comb seems to do nothing. Is this common?
How many teeth are there to an inch?
can this be used to comb ticks off of dog fur too?
Love the original $1499 retail price. Perhaps a decimal point is missing
What's the daily routine? How do you clean? Remove large solids and leave the wet pellets? Change the whole thing every week?
can it be used in the Breeze Tidy cat system ?
Would you recommend this for a cat after they are declawed?
Is this light colored, some are darker and its hard to find the pee
Has anyone used this with ferrets? Is the fresh scent okay for them, and does it control smell? I'm currently using pine pellets but they're dusty.
How often do you have to change out the litter? So how long does one 26 pound bag last?
Hi, I ordered this couple of days ago, two bags, it was a prime/free shipping item. I am lookng at my order online now showing a ship. charge?
Has anyone tried this product with guinea pigs? What are your thoughts on it? Should i use this over the fleece and shavings method?
What does the fresh scent smell like? I want to use this with my chinchillas and there are certain things they need to stay away from. (Pine, etc.)
Can small dog use it?
How do you teach your dog or cat to drink from it?
I have large dogs who really lap up water. Will this satisy their need to get water quickly, or does it just drip?
Does the metal get hot in the sun?
can I use this on the bathroom sink faucet
Does the spigot have to be angled vertically as shown on the product box image? My spigot is at an almost 45 degree angle....wil that make it leak?
Does anyone know where I can find one for my bathroom sink? My cat loves to drink out of a dripping sink faucet.
Does it work in the winter when weather is below freezing?
Are you supposed to continuously leave your hose/faucet on in order for this to work? Isn't that expensive?
My shih tzu drinks from a lixit water bottle in the house. I need something for travel that could attach to a plastic water bottle. Would this work?
can you attach it to an inside sink, its for my cat
Is this jacket water resistant? If not, please suggest another CC jacket that is. Thanks.
Does it accommodate a harness?
what size would fit a black lab
How do I return it?
What are the 3 measurements in inches?
can a 12lb cat fit in there comfortably?
what are the exterior measurements or the carrier?
is it approved for airline travel?
Is this a small or medium?
Is the water/food bowl included in it ?
WHAT ARE THE WEIGHT SPECS. FOR PET SIZE?
where are the seat belt slot and the shoulder strap eyelets?
The "Blue Air / Coffee" Model shows Dimensions as: 19 x 12.6 x 5 inches. Is the CORRECT? It is only FIVE inches tall? It says for 8" tall pet.???
Is this carrier TSA/Airline approved
will this carrier break down small enough to put into a 30"x 20' suitcase? Flying empty &amp; plan, to assemble at destination.
What are the dimensions of this dog crate?
Maybe I am just not seeing this written and I just need a straight answer. Will it fit my 27 pound dog comfortably for airline travel? I am speaking of the large size they offer.
carrier was easily assembled - but what are the four long screws and bolts for?
How big are the holes on the metal grate? What are their dimensions?
fits under a plain seat?
what the demesions of the small kennel?and how much weight is it? Can I use it to ship a live dog?
Need to know the dimensions on the small carrier must be united airline approved, is it?
My dog is 24 lbs (Maltese/Poodle mix) . do I buy small breed kind or the regular?
I have maltese and a chihuahua. this missing link would be best for them? I'm from Brazil and here not know the varieties of the product.
My dogs eat a very high protein freeze dried raw brand. Would the additional nutrition really be necessary for hair growth?
I'm worried about yeast in the supplements, is there a grain/yeast free supplement for dogs?
i'm confused, is there garlic in this? isn't garlic supposed to be toxic for dogs?
I want to buy multiple bags of this product. What is the expiration date of the bags? I need to know this in order to determine how many to buy.
Do I just sprinkle it on her dry food or mix it with something else?
I don't see any ingredients here. How is this different than the one for all dog breeds besides the packaging?
Does this product help with tear stains?
Is this what used to be Nature's Miracle?
Do you think this stuff would work on smelly running shoes?
Embarassing - but have boys - will this remove urine spatter from walls without removing semi-gloss paint? Thanks so much....
Will this product work on a mattress to get rid of urine smell?
Is this safe for hardwood floors?
If you have previously used vinegar on stains/spots, will this product still work?
Is this an enzymatic cleaner?
Has anyone tried using this on old set in dog urine stains?!
Disaster under rug in L.R. Black stains from dog/cat urine. Will this work if sprayed , set , scrubbed ?
I have previously used vinegar on feces, vomit and urine stains. Should I use hot water first to remove the vinegar that is still there?
Where is it manufactured?
These contain garlic powder. Isn't garlic toxic to dogs?
Can you ship to the UK?
Mixing Directions
I'd like to see the list of ingredients; Thanks.
How long do you leave happy jack on your dogs?
Is it ok for my other pets and my son to be around the treated dog while it's on him and after the first treAtment.
I have concrete under my carpet. I ripped out the carpet. Since it is porous, any suggestions to get dog urine out?
Read a lot of excellent reviews for use on carpets &amp; fabrics. How well does it work on outside concrete &amp; brick pavers?
will this work for my disabled son's bedding? we use bed pads and it's impossible to get the smell out of them.
Once mixed how long is the solution good for?
Has anyone used this on old cat poop/pee odors on clothing?
Can this product be used on an oriental rug that might have vegetable dyes?
Could this be added to homemade laundry detergent?
What's the ratio of mixture to water for this product?
does this product also work on getting the skunk odor out of the dog?
Whats the shelf life of this product?
Thanks 4 the info...Just wondering with your experience using this product @ what ratio/parts water/X-O do U mix a bottle up 4 cat urine or do U use it strait? I was also considering getting 1 of those Bissell Spot Bots 4 pets &amp; using this product in...
Can you spray this, diluted, in the air to remove cat litter box odors that linger and waft into your bedroom, etc.? Is it effective?
Will this work on mildew smell in a car?
does this work on cigarette smoke?
Will this work on cat pee smells on carpet?
Can this be used on hardwood flooring?
Can you use this in a carpet cleaning machine?
how does it work for skunk odor?
Does it get musty smells out
Can this be used in a carpet cleaning machine?
Does this work on laminate and ceramic tile?
Does this help in housebreaking a dog? He pees in the same areas I guess due to the pheromones left by previous "accidents".
Will this remove sour milk left in carpet &amp; roof liner matieral?
Does anyone know the difference between this and Kennel Odor Eliminator?
Q: Can this be used on hard wood floors?
Has anyone tried using this in the laundry? We have a kitty that likes towels. I usually have to wash several times to remove the smell. Thanks!
How much do you add per gallon of water?
Stray cats are using the area under my deck/porch a bathroom. Will this help with the smell until spring
Has anyone used this in laundry?
Can this work on dogs?
I found that fizzion, recommended by Jackson Galaxy works pretty well. Have any of all tried fizzion in comparison to cat-odor-off ?
Does anyone know if this will work on concrete?
This definitely got rid of the odor, but my carpet is now stained. I've tried several things on the stain and may have made it worse. Any ideas?
What are the measurements of the cannister?
do you need a permit from your local police dept to carry this spray?
Thinking of using this when walking our dog who lunges and barks aggressively at passing dogs. Thoughts? Does it spray so hard that it wets the dog?
Can it go in a checked bag on an airline
I have 11 week old Springer that we can't get to stop biting ankles and dragging on pant legs. Will this work if we spray it on ankles?
Does it work with coyotes?
What happens if you don't shake Sprayshield daily?
What are the measurements of the xxsmall diaper. I have a very small dog and want to make sure it would fit her.
Does this need a disposable liner?
does this product work for male dogs
is it one diaper or inserts
is it one diaper or inserts
do i need more than one
is it one diaper or inserts
size: How to know the right size to buy?
Coat: Does this product have a hole for a harness/leash???
What girth does this coat fit? I find that to be the best way to select a size. My dog has a cheat 25" around. Will this fit him?
Is this made from a manmade 'fabric' os is this really natural shearling?
What size do I order for my 30 pound dog?
Can your dog wear this and still do it's "business" ?
I have a Great Dane that is 100# and is 29 in. from the base of the neck to the base of the tail, but she has an extremely deep chest, 14 in. from the top of her shoulder blades to the bottom of her chest. Would an XXL fit her chest?
Would this coat fit the shape of an 80# greyhound with the deep chest ?
how to know the size
I have a malti-poo that measures chest - 17 ", length - 14" Neck - 13/14" - weighs 10.5 lbs. Will the small fit him.
What type of batteries it uses?
How do I know what size to get? I have one dog who weighs 20 lbs and one that weighs 72 -- is it one size fits all?
Does the colored part of the plastic glow, or does it just look like a white light from a distance?
How do you change the battery?
size: How to know the right size to buy?
Coat: Does this product have a hole for a harness/leash???
What girth does this coat fit? I find that to be the best way to select a size. My dog has a cheat 25" around. Will this fit him?
Is this made from a manmade 'fabric' os is this really natural shearling?
What size do I order for my 30 pound dog?
Can your dog wear this and still do it's "business" ?
I have a Great Dane that is 100# and is 29 in. from the base of the neck to the base of the tail, but she has an extremely deep chest, 14 in. from the top of her shoulder blades to the bottom of her chest. Would an XXL fit her chest?
Would this coat fit the shape of an 80# greyhound with the deep chest ?
how to know the size
I have a malti-poo that measures chest - 17 ", length - 14" Neck - 13/14" - weighs 10.5 lbs. Will the small fit him.
size: How to know the right size to buy?
Coat: Does this product have a hole for a harness/leash???
What girth does this coat fit? I find that to be the best way to select a size. My dog has a cheat 25" around. Will this fit him?
Is this made from a manmade 'fabric' os is this really natural shearling?
What size do I order for my 30 pound dog?
Can your dog wear this and still do it's "business" ?
I have a Great Dane that is 100# and is 29 in. from the base of the neck to the base of the tail, but she has an extremely deep chest, 14 in. from the top of her shoulder blades to the bottom of her chest. Would an XXL fit her chest?
Would this coat fit the shape of an 80# greyhound with the deep chest ?
how to know the size
I have a malti-poo that measures chest - 17 ", length - 14" Neck - 13/14" - weighs 10.5 lbs. Will the small fit him.
What type of batteries it uses?
How do I know what size to get? I have one dog who weighs 20 lbs and one that weighs 72 -- is it one size fits all?
Does the colored part of the plastic glow, or does it just look like a white light from a distance?
How do you change the battery?
What type of batteries it uses?
How do I know what size to get? I have one dog who weighs 20 lbs and one that weighs 72 -- is it one size fits all?
Does the colored part of the plastic glow, or does it just look like a white light from a distance?
How do you change the battery?
size: How to know the right size to buy?
Coat: Does this product have a hole for a harness/leash???
What girth does this coat fit? I find that to be the best way to select a size. My dog has a cheat 25" around. Will this fit him?
Is this made from a manmade 'fabric' os is this really natural shearling?
What size do I order for my 30 pound dog?
Can your dog wear this and still do it's "business" ?
I have a Great Dane that is 100# and is 29 in. from the base of the neck to the base of the tail, but she has an extremely deep chest, 14 in. from the top of her shoulder blades to the bottom of her chest. Would an XXL fit her chest?
Would this coat fit the shape of an 80# greyhound with the deep chest ?
how to know the size
I have a malti-poo that measures chest - 17 ", length - 14" Neck - 13/14" - weighs 10.5 lbs. Will the small fit him.
size: How to know the right size to buy?
Coat: Does this product have a hole for a harness/leash???
What girth does this coat fit? I find that to be the best way to select a size. My dog has a cheat 25" around. Will this fit him?
Is this made from a manmade 'fabric' os is this really natural shearling?
What size do I order for my 30 pound dog?
Can your dog wear this and still do it's "business" ?
I have a Great Dane that is 100# and is 29 in. from the base of the neck to the base of the tail, but she has an extremely deep chest, 14 in. from the top of her shoulder blades to the bottom of her chest. Would an XXL fit her chest?
Would this coat fit the shape of an 80# greyhound with the deep chest ?
how to know the size
I have a malti-poo that measures chest - 17 ", length - 14" Neck - 13/14" - weighs 10.5 lbs. Will the small fit him.
size: How to know the right size to buy?
Coat: Does this product have a hole for a harness/leash???
What girth does this coat fit? I find that to be the best way to select a size. My dog has a cheat 25" around. Will this fit him?
Is this made from a manmade 'fabric' os is this really natural shearling?
What size do I order for my 30 pound dog?
Can your dog wear this and still do it's "business" ?
I have a Great Dane that is 100# and is 29 in. from the base of the neck to the base of the tail, but she has an extremely deep chest, 14 in. from the top of her shoulder blades to the bottom of her chest. Would an XXL fit her chest?
Would this coat fit the shape of an 80# greyhound with the deep chest ?
how to know the size
I have a malti-poo that measures chest - 17 ", length - 14" Neck - 13/14" - weighs 10.5 lbs. Will the small fit him.
size: How to know the right size to buy?
Coat: Does this product have a hole for a harness/leash???
What girth does this coat fit? I find that to be the best way to select a size. My dog has a cheat 25" around. Will this fit him?
Is this made from a manmade 'fabric' os is this really natural shearling?
What size do I order for my 30 pound dog?
Can your dog wear this and still do it's "business" ?
I have a Great Dane that is 100# and is 29 in. from the base of the neck to the base of the tail, but she has an extremely deep chest, 14 in. from the top of her shoulder blades to the bottom of her chest. Would an XXL fit her chest?
Would this coat fit the shape of an 80# greyhound with the deep chest ?
how to know the size
I have a malti-poo that measures chest - 17 ", length - 14" Neck - 13/14" - weighs 10.5 lbs. Will the small fit him.
size: How to know the right size to buy?
Coat: Does this product have a hole for a harness/leash???
What girth does this coat fit? I find that to be the best way to select a size. My dog has a cheat 25" around. Will this fit him?
Is this made from a manmade 'fabric' os is this really natural shearling?
What size do I order for my 30 pound dog?
Can your dog wear this and still do it's "business" ?
I have a Great Dane that is 100# and is 29 in. from the base of the neck to the base of the tail, but she has an extremely deep chest, 14 in. from the top of her shoulder blades to the bottom of her chest. Would an XXL fit her chest?
Would this coat fit the shape of an 80# greyhound with the deep chest ?
how to know the size
I have a malti-poo that measures chest - 17 ", length - 14" Neck - 13/14" - weighs 10.5 lbs. Will the small fit him.
what is the maximum cat weight that would work with the opening of this product
Is the flap flexible or hard plastic?
Is the magnet strong enough to stay shut on windy days?
What is the interior (hole opening) of this cat door? I need to fit something in to a preexisting hole.
what is the country of origin? where was it made?
what is the shelf life of opened oil
what is the shelf life of opened oil
Ingredients state cod liver oil. Is that 100% with no added vitamins or other oils?
Where is this product made? Having problems with items made in China.
I am not seeing any directions as to how to use it. Mix with food, water?? Thank you!
does it come in a sealed container
Is this D-Mannose powder or does it contain D-Mannose?
dO MOST CATS MIND THE TASTE?
One of my cats gets a lot of UTIs and she will ONLY eat dry food I leave out all the time. Can I mix it in the dry food?
What is oregon grape root? Is it related to grapes? Dogs shouldnt eat grapes.
On the container it says it may alter P540 drugs. What are those? I cannot find anything on the web about it.
How long does one jar last for one 10 pd cat?
i just started my cat on the cranberry relief how long does it take to see results is it okay to use this along with a homeopathic remedy calledut
Is this product sourced and made in the USA?
What are the ingredients in gold seameal?
What is the calcium and phosphorus content in Seameal?
tablets?
What are the ingredients?
What is the expiration date for the 1 lb. container?
has anyone used it for their cats?
is this supplement to feed with regular dogfood or a homemade diet? can it be too "rich" for them?
Why has this product gone up $10.00 per pound in the last 9 months?
Does the jar list the amount (mg) of calcium and phosporous that is in each serving?
MicroChip? Has anyone bought and used this MicroChip before?
I live in Asia where dog theft is pretty prevalent. Im looking for a chip that I can use to track down my dog should this happen. Is this what I want?
is there a fee with found animals
I will be flying internationally with my dogs so the microchip must be internationally recognized. Does this microchip meet this requirement? Thanks!
How do you track your dog with this chip?
is the microchip ISO 11784/11785 compliant?
How many digits in the microchip code? I am looking at the microchip enabled pet doors, and they state that they read 9, 10, &amp; 15 digit microchips.
how exactly does it work? is it just a normal microchip or does it track your dogs location when lost or stollen?
Is there a micro chip out there that I can track my dog using my iPhone?
Hi, I am wondering if this is gps tracking or just a standards Id microchip, as I was reading an article on mr tracking and it states that this gps
I have a small 8 pound dog. Would this work?
greyhound
Hi! Well, I have a 70lbs pit and is very strong.. So, is this Slip Lead strong enough for a dog like him?
i'm thinking of getting the 3/8" 6 feet lead for obedience training. is it suitable? please do advise. thank you very much =)
Hi! I would like to know for a female bernese 1 year old (like labrador size) which size should I take? She is very strong and pulls a lot. Thanks!!
my Yorkie is 2 1/2 lbs. Is this lead ok ?
When selecting a size I'm seeing an xs for the orange, pink, red option. Is the xs a 4 ft or a 6 ft?
What is the difference between the slip lead and the British slip lead?
What size is s? I would like the choc brown slip lead, pref 6' length, but will consider other.
Would you advise for a leash-reactive 10lb Chihuahua mix? She pulls and barks when she sees other dogs.
I have a small 8 pound dog. Would this work?
greyhound
Hi! Well, I have a 70lbs pit and is very strong.. So, is this Slip Lead strong enough for a dog like him?
i'm thinking of getting the 3/8" 6 feet lead for obedience training. is it suitable? please do advise. thank you very much =)
Hi! I would like to know for a female bernese 1 year old (like labrador size) which size should I take? She is very strong and pulls a lot. Thanks!!
my Yorkie is 2 1/2 lbs. Is this lead ok ?
When selecting a size I'm seeing an xs for the orange, pink, red option. Is the xs a 4 ft or a 6 ft?
What is the difference between the slip lead and the British slip lead?
What size is s? I would like the choc brown slip lead, pref 6' length, but will consider other.
Would you advise for a leash-reactive 10lb Chihuahua mix? She pulls and barks when she sees other dogs.
I had something similar. Does the strap dig into your wrist?
How many ounces of water does it hold?
Can I use this object for my cat on a car trip ?
is it BPA free? Is it dangerous to leave in hot car?
do you have parts to replace if lost? i lost one pice to the bottle.
how to train your dog to drink from it.
outdoor? can it be attached to pvc pipe or tree?
Is this item made in the U. S.?
Can this be used on a playpen with vertical bars only (i.e. no horizontal bars)?
Does this provide enough water as a primary source of water (removing all water dishes) for smaller dogs like shih tsus?
Does anyone have experience attaching the bottle to something other than a dog crate? I'm trying to picture how I would do that.
Once in place, how easy is it to remove bottle for frequent filling and washing? Thanks
Does anyone have a dog that is a big chewer? How durable is this?
I have an antiquage large bird cage ther are no cross bars just vertical and not the width of new cages, can this adjust for that?
My cage has horizontal bars, can this be attached to such a cage?
Would mounting this bottle on a wall rather than through a cage work (our dog has long ears that get dripping wet when he drinks)?
Is the 5/8-inch diameter n-Ouncezle for small animals or dogs. And if I need a bigger nozzle can I order it all together?
Will this work for ferrets and how drippy is it?
can this mounted on a dog pen?
can thi sbe mounted in a dog pen?
What are the exact measurements? There appears to be a problem with it not fitting some 46gal bf aquariums. What is Euro?
what are the dimensions of this? inches please
The description says 46" across. Is it 46" or is it 35 1/8" as stated in the answer below? I have a 72 gallon bowfront and it is 46" in length.
My top is 35 1/4 x 15 5/8 at the center will this fit my tank?
I have a discontinued Fluval 39 gallon bow front. Top dimensions are 34.5" wide, 12" deep edges, 15"at the bow. Will this fit? Gap for tubes/wires?
will it fit my 75 gallon bowfront?
How often does this need to be replaced (and the filter cleaned) for one red-eared slider tank (55 gallon)
How does this compare to using bio balls or ceramic rings? I bought an Eheim ECCO and it came with this but when setting it up used my old media.
Is this similar to Biohome?
I got an EHEIM filter. It came with two bags of filter media that looks like this. Is it the same?
Is one of these enough to fill a 2075 canister?
Are these to be used without media bags or does it not make a difference?
how does this compare to seachem matrix?
which hose valve do you hookup the heater on a hydor canister filter right side in or left side out
ETH 300 In-Line Heater 300W for my 125 gallon aquarium &amp; filstar L canister filter?
I saw on the forums that a lot of people are using one of these on their 125g. If this is only rated for a 80g, how does that work?
is it glass inside want to know if it is going to snap if it goes dry then wet
Can the item be used with 220V power supply?
I HAVE A 75 GALLON TANK WHICH WATTAGE IS BETTER 200 OR 300
WHAT IS THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN 200 AND 300 WATT
I just bought this and noticed that the RED led does not turn on unless its set to 85F isnt this supposed to turn off if the temp is set at desired
How many degrees will this heater raise the incoming water in one pass? Does it bring it up to set temp?
How many degrees will this unit raise the water temp on one pass? If water is comine in at, say 60 degreess
two dogs
I have a 75 lb dog and a 29 inch waist. What size should should I buy: large for the dog, or small for my waist?
Most of the reviews I've read on the hands free leashes pertain to larger dogs. I have a 7lb Chihuahua and 20lb Boston Bull/Pug mix. I'd like one for walking these 2 pups hands free. Any suggestions?
hiking
Should I attach this to a regular collar or body harness?
My dog is 75 lbs and pulls me all over the place on a reg. leash. Would this buddy system leash fix this problem or make it worse?
The sizing options aren't explained. How does someone know whether to order Small, Medium, Large or Extra Large? What are the differences?
How strong is this? I have three very large dogs. (I'd only be walking one at a time, but it needs to last)
Has anyone tried this system while in a wheelchair?
Do you just set this on your deck or is there a way to secure it in place? If unsecured, wouldn't the cat be able to tip it over or move it?
What are the dimensions of the Kittywalk?
The two doors- how do they open? are they a zipper or separate net in a frame to closes against another frame?
I can't tell by the design. I think 6 ft will be too long. Can I only use two of the three sections? Or would that not work with the design?
Is the netting/frame soft or stiffly constructed?
how does this attach to doors?
Can you attach this to a cat door going to the outdoors?
what are the dimensions?
Is the metal brush hard on rug fibers?
Is this rake safe to use on shag carpets? If so, does it get pet hair out of shag carpets too?
Does this work well on loop pile carpets or does it damage the carpet by pulling/breaking the loops?
Can this be used on upholstery?
when will it be available in the stores?? This product rocks!
No pets but is this useful for 'sweeping' the carpet before vacuuming?
Does this Rug Rake remove pet hair from Oriental rugs - hair that is deep and hard to get out? No vaccuum works, am hoping this will. Thanks
Does this rake get close to the baseboards? Wondering if the edge around the 'teeth' keeps the rake from getting wall to wall/super close?
Does the brush load up with hair quickly? and what's the best way to remove what it picks up from the bristles?
How do you extend the pole please? thanks
Hi can it fit a Golden A5 two speed clippers? Or it only fits one speed clippers?
Will this housing fit Oster 76? I understand that A5 and 76 are from the same series.
Hi again, another question: Does it have the little round hole for putting oil into it, near one of the long ventilation holes?
are these housings plastic??? is the original plastic as well???
Can I use this housing on a Oster Golden A 5 clipper?
Can your dog get into this? For those of you with dogs--does it keep your dog out or not?
How well to older cats adjust to using this top entry box?
Hi ... I just purchased the Clevercat and have followed the directions about putting it right next to the current box my Kitty uses. Right now she's only using the old one - hasn't used the Clevercat. I'm thinking to just remove the old one - she's...
I have two 10 pound cats. Is one box enough?
what rae the dimensions of the box? The Amazon page states 20 x 15 x 15 but does not say which measurement is length, height, or width,
Can you use this without the liner, like a traditional unlined litter box?
Is this litter box anything more than Sterlite or other brand plastic tote with a hole cut in the lid?
Do cat owners have a preference for regular clay litter vs the clumping kind? Does one tend to stck to their paws more?
What is the difference between this and just buying a plastic tub container and cutting a hole at top?
Has anyone else found this box to get smelly? I scoop every day and empty it completely and clean it out every few weeks, but it's starting to stink.
Do you have to feed the dog's legs into holes in the harness, or does it open up with velcro that wraps around the legs?
CAN A 83# LAB MAKE A BOWEL MOVEMENT WITH IT ON? He also does not lift his leg, he leans forward to urinate, will this work?
What is the circumference of the large walk about harness (for female golden retriever)? Thank you.
What size would work for a 80 # lab?
We have a 140 pound female English Mastiff. Will this fit and if not does anyone have any recommendations. I am desperate, cancer of her right hind?
what size; 83# lab? is it adjustable?
HOW easy is it to take on &amp; off; few seconds? does it cause discomfort to put on dog who just had acl surgery
What size for a 110, golden ret/coon hound mix?
What size do you think would best fit a 70# boxer who just had femur fracture surgery?
Can this harnes be put on the dog &amp; left on? He only needs it for getting up &amp; down stairs and getting up when laying down.
I see the dimensions of the product by size, but don't see anywhere where you figure out the size you need by the dog's weight?
Is the part that goes underneath the dog thinner straps or is it similar or the same as the top?
Will this product be big and strong enough for a 95lb lab?We have a recovering BIG lab that needs a lot of help moving. Thank you.
If a female dog pees while wearing it, will it get onto the harness?
can this be put on dog while lying on side, he has dif standing
Can a dog urinate easily
My greyhound measures 22" (abdomen) x 17" (upper leg). Those fall into 2 different sizes. Help!
Do you have to out this on each leg by slipping the leg in a hole similar to shorts??
Is it ok to leave this on him for extended periods of time (80 lb. male choc lab)?
are these Mutt Mitts biodegrageable?
Does anyone have a tip for picking up soft poop (large dog) without leaving some on the grass? Sorry, not really about the bags, which I do like.
Can anyone please let me know the dimensions of the actual bag. Thank you.
Are these bags scented or unscented?
how recently were these manufactured..?
Do these come on a cardboard hanger?
Can you use these with a dispenser ?
Is this tool recommended for cats? If so, what size would work best? I have an Exotic Shorthair with a very dense coat.
springer
I have a Saluki who has become fuzzy after neutering. Would this remove the fuzz?
Would this tool work for an Irish Terrier ?
Trying to "roll" a mini schnauzer puppy instead of traditional clipping. What size would get the jacket to a short length?
I purchased this tool on 2/2/15 here via Oliver's Pet Care. I really like it, but the wooden handle split last night. What are my replacement options?
How wide is this 20-blade Coat King Stripper? In inches or centimeters.
Hi, we have a soft coated wheaton terrier, will this work well for him?
I have a Jack Russell with a rough coat . . . . what size stripper would work well? Thanks
Will this tool help reduce shedding in an ordinary calico house cat? We've tried improved diet but still hair everywhere!
Is this receiver compatible with Invisible Fence systems?
What is the part number for this? I am looking for IUC-4225
does this unit come with a charger? i bought my system with the old curved collar design and not sure my charger will work w/this unit. anyone know?
Do the 'dummy probes' that allow beep only training (ie no shock at all) come with the fence kit?
How long does it take for the batteries for the collar to recharge?
how do you get it to loop around your yard with a driveway without double looping?
Cat...long haired with matts, will this product work? Help!
what blade should i use for a pom
will the 6-blade work on a jack russell terrier?
What size blade is best for a golden retriever?
What size blade is best for lab and goldens ?
Do you have any feedback on how the tool works on long haired brussels griffons?
Is the Mars 6 blade de best to use in a Westie's face? I have the medium 12 blade for the body. It is wonderfull
I have a Great Pyr. Would this work on her?
WILL THIS WORK ON A WESTIE?
Will this tool work for an Airedale soft coated fuzz ball puppy?
will this work on an Australian Cattle Dog?
For a cairn terrier, does the 10 or 12 work better? On their website, they recommended 12. But I saw that a few reviewers said 10.
What size would I use for a lab
How wide is the head (from side to side)?
I have an Australian Shepherd with extremely thick hair. In fact, I never knew what dog hair was until this dog. What size stripper is best?
Does this shedding tool work for small animals like rabbits and bunnies?
has anyone had any experience with using this for long haired cats like ragdolls. They don't have an undercoat but are still quite hairy.
Can you use this product on a Westie that has been sheared for 14 years? Have never been happy with shearing but it was convenient.
I have a rough coat collie who sheds in the winter rather than spring/summer, and he is too hot now. Would this work to thin his undercoat?
Does anyone use this tool on a pomeranian? I have 2 Pomeranians that have the typical double coat. I would like to know how this tool works for that.
I have a long haired 18lb cockapoo with long wavy hair that gets matted up really bad. Should I get a 12, or 10? What size would be best?
Is this product the same as pharmaseb shampoo that we got from the vet?
to those of you who have recieved this product recently, does it say 2% ketoconozole right on bottle? something weird going on with this product - nizoral shampoo for people contains same active ingredient and costs like $300 a bottle, couldnt believe...
Do they still make a spray to use between shampoos? What is it called?
How often should you use it? I have a French Bulldog who gets a belly rash unless she's on Atopica. Would love to get her off the meds.
Does it kill Cheyletiella?
guinea pig
can I use this product on my cat?
Doesa this treat ring worm on a cat?
Is this shampoo good for 8 weeks old puppy?
My breeder of my hairless clat suggested this shampoo. Has anyone used this shampoo on cats?
How does Micro-Tek compare to chlorhexidine?
Is it good for adults
does it lather well? cant find medicated dog shampoo that does. update - thanks for all of your kind replies, will give it a go.
Does this work with a dog with mange or something similar?
Does anyone know how this compare to Malaseb....Thanks
What does it smell like?
Is this for fleas?
Can I use this shampoo before applying advantage multi?
Does this shampoo remove fleas? I have 2 dogs and both are extremely itchy. I could not figure out why for weeks but I found a flea today on one and am worried.
was wondering if it kills fleas?
How many servings in a pouch?
What are the ingredients, please?
Has anyone had luck just sprinkling it on dry kibble? I have a male cat on a vet-supplied urinary kibble only and he gets sick off it.
Does it contain propylene glycol?
Is this made in the US ?
have two cats that are siblings. both around 12 lbs. only one has hot spots. any idea how much to give as they share the same food bowl?
Can this be used for a raw diet? So raw meat and this supplements without having to buy a million other supplements?
what is the carb content?
i intend to dissolve the powder in a bit of water, then syringe it down my cat's throat. anyone else do this?
Where are they made? I understand they are now manufactured in India
What flavor it is. some flavors are not liked by the dog.
how much calcium in each tab. how does the calcium compare to original formula. Is this made in USA
basically what they are asking is can you put the ingreidints on the add? I want to know how it compares to what i am using
I read the complete list of ingredients of anything that I, or my dog take. I'd like to see all of the ingredients, is this possible?
does this help with fleas
is this item easy to use
how long does it take to build up to begin repelling fleas?
In what country is this product made?
Does Permethrin work(on mosquitos)any better/worse/differently than something like: Bifenthrin, active ingredient of Talstar, Ortho Home Defense Max?
Can I mix and spray directly onto my rottie outside?
will this kill demodex mange mites?
What is the ideal and/or lowest concentration, I could spray onto clothing, and have it kills mosquitos reliably? Would 0.25% work ?
do you use it right from the bottle
can you spray clothing and wash them in your machine
will Permethrin kill lice in the house
Does this kill boring bees/carpenter bees? Does it kill stink bugs?
can permethrin be purchased in liquid form to saturate cotton or wool?
Can you use this product as a dental rinse? How much dilution would be necessary for that purpose ?
ingredients
Does this product work for sure on the hot spots/rash on a dog (shih tzu). He has very red areas in his armpits, inside hind legs, stomach and chest. I've tried several products and use a shampoo and conditioner for this condition. He scratches and...
Can this product be used to cure toenail fungi/yeast or microorganisms to nails/skin and how would it be applied? ie soak, spray affect area, etc
Can this be used in a spray bottle to disinfect surfaces? Especially stainless steel?
why does it turn yellow when I mix it with tap water?
The bottle says "2% chlorohexidine gluconate" does that mean straight out of the bottle is 2%, or diluted per instructions makes 2%?
What type of shipping address do you want? I tried BOTH a postal address and a UPS street shipping address and both were rejected
If placed in a dark closet, how long would this product be effective. In other words, is this what a prepper would want to store.
Is this like a soap I could shower with after going to the gym or doing some dirty work or is it a thin non-foaming liquid? Does it smell?
Do these come with caps?
Do these come with needles?
Do these syringes fit snugly in the plastic adapters inserted in the top of 1 oz med bottles with the hole for upside down drawing into the syringe?
Are the numbers indented on the syringe or just printed on where they could wipe off?
what is 1cc?Is it the came ac 1mil?
Can this be sprayed on laminate floors?
does it work on very old odors?
Is Vetoquinol the same formula as "The Equalizer, Carpet Stain and Odor Eliminator" that was in the white can with flower outline?
does this work on old odors?
Do you still have to oil ceramic blades????
Will this fit an Outliner 2 - Model G?
Is this detachable?
I have the Wahl 9590-210. Will this blade work?
are the screws removable? my blades are secured with screws.
Will this work with the Andis Power Trim Model D-6 for snap on blades
The pic looks like it's metal. Is that what ceramic blades look like?
I see that this is compatible with Andis AG, but I just bought an Andis AGC. Is it compatible with that also?
The blade i have has CE2 cerrmicedge 1.5mm but doesn't have the AG on it. will this one still work.
Can these blades be sharpened?
Anyone use this product for stock coat German Shepherds? If so, did it work well?
I have a short hair cat that keeps getting fur balls. Will this help?
Terrier type dog - should I get the medium fine or coarse?
how do i know which one to order the medium/fine or the course ?
How do you know what one to buy? The med-fine or the course? I have a German shepherd with a med coat, not long on the shorter side.
What is the difference in the blades? Length of cut? How do you know which to order.
I have a standard poodle what size blades do I need
What size of blade should I use for my Siberian Cat with badly matted hair
is this a skip tooth blade?
Will this blade work on a Wahl clipper?
I am planning to buy an Andis clipper, what size of blade should I use for my shih Tzu with matted fur.
what size clipper do I use for a labador with my andis AGC2
will this fit Andis AGC2?
I don't see a regular 7 . The other blades I use are not skip tooth for my curley labradoodle. Which do I want?
Why does it say 7FC and then AG on the back of the blade? When I go to the pet store to buy the blade it only says 7FC ceramic edge. Same blades?
How does the Oster rake compare to the Furminator? We have a Golden.
great pyrenees
how often should I buy a new one?
Does this work on a Newfoundland? Looking for great tool to groom
Does this work on poodle/jack russel coat---
Does this work on a French Brittany? Our dog sheds constantly and has very dense hair.
I have very furry chow chows, would you recommend this on them. They get a lot of dead undercoat.
How effective would this tool be for getting cockleburs out of long fur? I have 2 Great Pyrenees. The burs are painful to remove for dogs and human
Does this deshedd like the razor blade deshedders or is this just a rake (comb)?
Hi Folks, have a Golden Retriever; is a good tool for my dog ? thanks !
Will shipping this in the freezing temperatures affect the pyrantel pamoate?
Is there an expiration date for this product? If so, how far out was it from the time of purchase?
My dogs weight 4, 7 and 11 lbs. How much do I give them?
how many uses are in the bottle?
I'm very confused with this product because i call the 1(800)621-8829 and i was told this product is for HUMAN USE ONLY NOT ANIMAL?
Can this be used on 12 week old pig?
Does anyone know if this hypoallergenic? (gluten free, and no cross contamination possibility?)
what are the ingredients?
How much will this treat? I have 10 bluetick hounds that range in 60-110lbs, will this be enough to treat them all twice? How much per pound do you us
What is the distance between screw holes. I have one in the door now, and don't want to drill anymore holes.
Is the flap removable?
Does it catch the kitties tail?
can this be used on screen doors
Does this have the framing required for a hollow core door?
What are the dimensions? height? width?
Please help, has anyone tried installing this pet door to a metal security door?
Has anyone installed this on a cabinet door? Does it fit against front &amp; back of cabinet completely or will there be a gap in the frame? Thank you!
Is installation easy? Can you do it yourself or you have to call someone to get it installed?
If I am using this to go through a door to the garage, do I need 2? What I mean is, does it have a piece to go on the other side of the sawed hole?
what are the exact dimensions cant be over 8 in.
I just received mine but I can't see any sign of the indicator light. The 50 watt version defintely has a indicator light correct?
Is this suitable for a gallon tank? If not what size heater should I buy? Thanks!
How long does it take to heat up? I can't get my 5.5 gallon up to 80F and it's been on for almost 48 hours.
I'm setting up a 5.5 gal betta tank. I live in PA. The temp of my house will range from 60-90 degrees in a year. 25 or 50w for this heater?
I have a 10 gallon tank in a room that is 63-65 degrees F. Will it heat my tank enough?
Can the entire unit be submerged?
What's the range of the thermostat? I need it to heat above 130&deg;F without turning off (not for a fish tank)
Does the heater come with the Celcius/Fahrenheit option? Or is it only Fahrenheit?
Does the Repti-Sun 5.0 really have both UVA and UVB in one bulb? If so, why isn't it mentioned by any of the reviewer's here on Amazon?
i need light for a red eared slider is this the light i need to use
Is the bulb dim-able?
I need the zoo med turtle clean 318 submersible filter and the zoo med repti sun 5.0 compact fluorescent lamp do i get free shipping if i buy both ??
is it 26w for this 5.0 uvb lamp
I already have the Innotek in-ground pet fencing system, would this collar work with it or it just works with the remote trainer control?
only one set of paired contacts?
is the collar waterproof? I would like to use it to keep my lab from swimming on top of me.
is the collar waterproof?
does it come with a charger ?
What size neck will the collar fit? I have a full Golden Retriever and want to make sure it will fit him when he is completely grown.
Does anyone else have problems w/ synching and matching the collar w/ the remote? I tried changing the ID code, but still not working.
bought the fs-15 &amp; it has a wing shaped tool that I dont understand what it is for, what is this used for
what kind of batteries does it need ??
Has anyone else had issues with the box keep coming off the collar?
I bought this collar on May 13/14 and when trying to change out the probes, the screw broke off. Is this covered by the warranty?
Hello I bought a SD2000/3000 fence and my dog lost the collar! does this extra collar works for it? have the same frecuency? thanks
Will this work on a larger dog?
Will this collar work with other in ground systems? I have aW-227 system and the collars are crap. Need a collar that works.
How much does a dog need to weigh before using this collar? I have one for my corgi but we just got a new lab/mastiff. She is only about 9 lbs at the
I have this set up and bought a second collar, and it doesnt work...do you have to do somthing special to make two work at the same time??
Does the colllar have an indicator tone?
can i put the reciever box on my own collar? i have pitt bulls with very large necks
will this collar work with the Innotek IUC 4100 system
Is it compatible with Invisible Fence collars
I can use Perimeter batteries in the Invisible Fence collar. Will this work with the Pet Safe Indoor unit too?
sportdog
is the Petsafe Paws Away extra indoor pet barrier compatible with the Petsafe mini Pet barrier?
can I buy and extra collar. I have 2 dogs.
Why does this have different branding than the barrier that comes with a barrier and collar? Different company?
Can I use this as well as the Invisible Fence brand transmitters I am already using if I use Perimeter batteries?
Does this work with Perimeter batteries?
I have an 3 innotek zones receivers model M024901. My collar is not working. Is there a collar that I can purcase that will work with this receiver?
Can i use the transmitter in the outdoor? is waterproof??
Will this work on an acrylic tank?
Would this work on a round 1 gallon fish bowl?
Does it work with 40 gallon?
how will I know if the thermometer is correct? Thanks for any and all help, DD
What are the dimensions of the actual thermometer (not the package)?
How does this stick? Is it like one of those clear stickers you can put on glass that peels off easy, or does it use some kind of residue?
The discription says this is 6.8 x 5, is it really that big?
How long does this take to show temperature?
I have 30 gal hex tank. Can this be attached to it?
you think i can use this at the very bottom of the tank where the gravel would be? would that be an accurate reading? id like to have it somewhere off
which do I buy for a medium size dog?
I'm reading alot about Omega 3-6-9 Whole Fish Treat Supplement for Dogs, does any of your products use OMEGA 3-6-9?
what is the size content?
What is the net weight ? Is this the 2 lbs. or 1 lb. container?
how many calories in each one of the hugs and kisses?
What is in it.? How many pills are in the bottle?
Is this the large size container? l
Confusing regarding size of regular slider or tall (mine is 93") - is there a riser insert at the bottom, please? Thank you.
Does this have to be permanently installed or can I take it in/out as needed?
Can I still use my door to go in/out while the pet door is in place?
What is the size of the flap for the large size?
can you use this panel against the screen door and not the glass slider?
'Exclusion' Panel: Does this door come with a 'blocker' for the flap?
How good is the flap for weather proofing?
Can you still lock your door when using the panel?
Can anyone tell me how big the flap itself is?
what is the size of the flap opening
Confusing regarding size of regular slider or tall (mine is 93") - is there a riser insert at the bottom, please? Thank you.
Does this have to be permanently installed or can I take it in/out as needed?
Can I still use my door to go in/out while the pet door is in place?
What is the size of the flap for the large size?
can you use this panel against the screen door and not the glass slider?
'Exclusion' Panel: Does this door come with a 'blocker' for the flap?
How good is the flap for weather proofing?
Can you still lock your door when using the panel?
Can anyone tell me how big the flap itself is?
what is the size of the flap opening
What size is this collar?
where is the expiration date
Is this collar at least 26". I need this for a large dog and do not see the size listed.
i don't want the collar - i want a product for between the shoulders
can you use the ultra guard before the 30 days
does ultraguard pro flea and tick treatment have an expiration date?
if I have a collar on my dog is is it okay to use the liquor too at the same time?
Hi, I got this toy and have not received it yet. What kind of batteries does it need? Thank you.
What are the dimensions of this item?
Does the mouse in this toy hold up? I had something very similar to this and within an hour the cat had pulled the mouse off. It was just glued on.
Is there catnip in the mouse? I'm looking for toys without catnip.
The mouse on our toy is nearly worn out. Is it possible to get a replacement mouse?
do you put in water or on food?
Will it help calm a somewhat feral cat?
Does it help your kitten from biting your hands and wrists to calm him down? I have tried everything to stop him?
How do you use this?
Can you use this with fountains - or does the filter stop it from working?
I have a cat that is just impossible to get Advantage on her. Could I use this to calm her down enough to get Advantage on?
I have never had a cat that would drink water with anything in it .... so is there a calming medication that can actually just be put on the cat?
Does it help with cats urinating outside the litter box?
should I euthanize my beloved 2 year old cat? Any thoughts?
Are these made in USA?
Are they made in the US?
Is the filling messy? Are these best kept outside?
Are these alright for little dogs? Like a Yorkie Terrier, or are they too big?
What packaging does it come in? Is it labeled with ingredients and brand and everything?
Does this bone smell? I'm looking for something to keep my Golden occupied during a road trip.
How long is this bone? In inches, please.
How many bones are in one order?
can you refill
Is the 2nd door on the small crate on the top or on the long side of the crate? The picture shows it on the top of the crate.
is it made out of steel
When installed, is the divider flexible, or does it stand straight?
Where are they made? Thx
This says it's a 20 pack? Is that correct?
where is this made
there is no way this one bone could cost $88.40. Is this a typ error
Will a mini snchauzer fit in this
Can you take this on southwest airlines?
Will this bag work for Alaska Airlines?
how heavy can the pet be for this carrier to be safe in order for vet visits?
IPlease give the exact measurments of the medium bag.
Does this come with a floor liner?
Will this fly on jetblue?
Can this be taken on Southwest Airlines?
Confusing...is this a soft case? I need to put 2 cats in it for Southwest Airlines.
Does this work for a medium dog (about 10 pounds, 11 inches tall)?
Will these bags work in auto-cleaning litter boxes? Specifically, the ScoopFree&reg; Self-Cleaning Litter Box with the "forever tray".
what are the dimensions please i have a very large liter box..ty! sand
It mentions a "fresh scent." Is it something you can actually smell" I HATE the smell of ALL scented cat litters, so I don't want it if I can smell it
Will these work with round litter pans?
what is the actual dimensions of the bag in inches? the box has it in mil
Is there one or two locks on the door? Is this the most durable one from Precision?
Will it scratch a wood floor?
Is this collapsible to be able to knock it down and take with us on camping trips?
I'm looking into crating my two goldens together (weigh about 60 and 70 lbs each) Could both dogs fit in here together?
I would like to know about the divider panel because I want to use one size for my puppy to sleep and the other side to do her business.
whats the wire space in between? what the wires are made of?
How is this different/better than a regular hand shower?
Would this work in a regular shower (no tub combined) or would it just get water all over the floor? Also we have low water pressure in our house.
So would this work for a tub/shower combo? Guess it only hooks up to the shower? How long is it? The lady in the photo must be getting really wet!
Does the hose come off when you are done or is it perm attached
How long is the hose?
can this be connected to a laundry utility sink where there are threads at the end of the faucet - or a kitchen sink?
Will this attach to a hose or outdoor water spigot?
Does the Rinse model come with the plastic gizmo to attach it to the existing shower head?
Which side is the button on? (Looking at nozzle, hose at bottom. Picture shows left which means you use it with your fingers and not thumb.)
Will this fit a Delta threaded laundry tub faucet?
Does the plastic floor crack frequently?
I have a 43 pound lab that bent his last wire crate. For those of you that have strong dogs do you find this is a good fit?
Is there grating underneath the plastic pan or is it open to the floor?
One of the reviewer's puppy "has tried to dig her way out of the plastic tray on the bottom of the crate." Is the bottom open w/o the tray?
Can be used for cats?
Does anyone know what gauge wire these are made of...the thickness of the wire.
What is the spacing between the wires?
Are Precision crates made in the USA?
Can two dogs be put in this crate but separated?
does this have a plastic or metal pan
Do the cans have pop tops, or do they need can openers?
My dog has sever food allergies she cannot tolerate sweet potatoes. Are only white potatoes used in both the canned &amp; dry formulas?
I want to buy Natural Balance Duck and Potato Formula dry treats for a 15 pound 3 year old puppy????
Are all the ingredients from and is it manufactured in the USA?
Can you fill this with whiskey instead of water? (Not for my pets, I know they aren't old enough to drink).
Does this come with the 50 oz. Reservoir as shown on the back on second picture? Or do you have to buy the 50 oz. Reservoir separately?
Is this the new model that has the submersible pump in the tower or the older model where the pump sits under the bowl?
how long is the cord?
does this have a plug in or is it battery powered?
what filters do I buy
Use breath and dental additive to my pet`s water as preventive measures...... Will the filtration in this system negate the use of additive?
Hello, Does anyone know what the AC voltage is? I live overseas and don't want to purchase it if I cannot use it. Thanks!
Does it can work at 220V power supply?
Is it made of BPA free plastic
I don't get it.. I got this and it's basically like hard rocks in "wooden pellet form" and smells like paint. Can anyone comment?
I don't get it.. I got this and it's basically like hard rocks in "wooden pellet form" and smells like paint. Can anyone comment?
Can this be used for cat litter?
how do i know what size i need? i have a 11yr &amp; 7 mo kitten.
Are they water resistant? My kitten scratches me most when I bathe him. If I can cover his nails during his shower time, that would be so wonderful
how will 7 year old cat take this
I'm getting these to prevent my cat from scratching herself and cutting her face up, will that work?
How do you decide what size to order?
When the cat's claw is extended, the cover pushes on (gently) to the edge of the sheath. Is it OK for the cat's claw to be constantly extended?
Will my cat still be able to climb her carpeted cat tree with these on?
How long are the tines? I had a rake i loved but the handle broke and bought one at Amazon that the tines were too long to do good for my Golden. And
The 10-12 pound dog is a toy aussie. Do I need to get a smaller rake?
single or double row better?
Where is this brush made?
Is this a good rake for a rough collie?
Do the teeth rotate?
Will this be a good brush for a sheltie?
Is this rake ok size for a 10-12 pound dog.
does it rotate?
Is it good on black labs?
What are the measurements of the door? I am considering it for ducks, but want to be sure I will fit in to clean it out, etc.
thinking of getting for a dog (german shepard). Is this spacacious/comfortable for dog and feeding containers?
What are the interior dimmensions
What are the dimensions of the door?
With the door closed, would this have enough ventilation to keep it cool in Florida summers?
Do the shutters open and close?
For those who have used this house for ducks, would you say it is large enough to house 5 ducks or is that stretching it?
instructions
Why are the exact ingredients not listed on this Amazon page? Is Purina hiding something? Also no foto of ingredients on package.
Does this product have laxatone in it?
I use Royal Canin Intense hairball 34 formula for my cats that were constantly puking hairballs. This product is half the price, but does it work?
Has Purina changed their formular? My cat has only ate the Hairball Formular all her 4 years of life. She won't eat this new bag.
Silly question, but can an owner please describe the size and shape of these kibbles. My auto feeder only works with small round/sqaure flat ones.
Does any of this cat food have expiration dates on it?
what kind of lights the hood has?
What exactly comes with this?
can you see the fish better with the colbalt blue or the black??
acrylic vs glass which is better??
just got my new tank. any suggestions on set up and how much gravel will I need??
Should i get a 24" or 36" led light? Not a fan of halogen light.
What kind of filter system do you use with this tank?
what is the best way to move fish from 16 gallon tank to 50 gallon tank??
is this a 55 gallon or 50 gallon exactly?
What does the stand look like?
aquarium: Is it a 40 gallon tank?
how many gallons is it?
Can you describe what the 3-D background looks like? What color /colors are in it?
Does it come with a top, from the picture it looks like it comes with a clear top?
what are the dimensions of this tank? length, width at largest point and height?
whatgallonsize
Is the back of tank black as it is shown in picture or is it clear?
how many gallons is this tank
Does anyone can tell me the ingredients?
my cat has a lot of thick mats, will this work on him. He wont let me comb him will this spray tropiclean work on this problem
Can I hear from any Wheaton Terrier owners out there - Does this product work well for you? I have too figure out a way to get through these mats!
My bichon frise matts. Will this help?
can it be used on cats?
does it work on cats
How strong is the fragrance on this product? I'm looking for mild to no added perfumes, and all the other detanglers I've tried are way over-perfumed!
Product says "rinse" but reviews suggest people don't. Don't want to leave chemicals on my pup. What do people do?
can I use this on human hair?
I have a toy poodle-will the blade work without nicking or burning his face? Will it also work on clipping feet?
One of the reviews mentioned a DVD. Mine didn't come with one, did anyone else's? I'm new to grooming my 19 year old cat's mats. Any tips please?
Can this be used as a regular clipper for full body or is it just for small areas? I have a bichon frise. Want a 1/2 inch clip all around.
Is this trimmer quiet? It is for a 7 lb. Yorkie.
hope this isn't a stupid question...but what is the blade length? is it adjustable?
How wide is the blade? I'm looking for a small clipper just for the face, quiet, corded &amp; great quality! Any suggestions if this does't fit the bill?
can i use this to shave my head. i need to replace my wella contura which i use for balding
What's the difference with the 8787-1550?
I need a face shaver that cuts down to the skin for my Chinese Crested. Does the blade it comes with cut that close or do you need a special one? Which one if so?
what size are the combs?
Can I use this product on my horses? One has a little longer coat than other but not as long as a golden retriever.
Adjustable blade: Can anyone give me some tips on how to use the adjustable blade setting?
Will this work well on a housecat with extremely thick fur?
Is this model discontinued? I don't see it on Wahls website. Don't want to buy an outdated product
How can I get replacement combs for the Arco SE 1854 made in Germany?
We have medium female Golden Doodles. We like to keep their fur at least and inch or 2 long. Can the clippers be adjusted for that length? Thanks.
Does anyone know if these clippers will work on a Red Bone German Sheppard? She has a very thick undercoat, plus the long haired sheppard, thanks
whats the difference between Wahl 8786-451A ARCO SE Professional and Wahl Clipper Arco Se Cordless Clipper which is a little chipper?
can i use this for me too?
what is the blade width?
Why are the first two ingrdients CORN. I'm going to try it because one of my cats is peeing more than normal .
What is the difference between this Urinary Tract Formula and the Pro Plan Urinary Tract Formula?
If I buy 2 bags from you, what will be the expiration date on them?
I see the date of September 1, 2011 on the listing. Is this the expiration date on the bag of food?
What is the protein content of this food?
How many gallons is this tank
how many gallons does this tank hold?
Tank Size: How many gallons does this tank hold?
how does this mount?
To reach her favorite window, my cat has to jump about three feet in a diagonal direction. She's about 9 pounds. Will the perch hold?
How deep does your window sill have to be? The window I want this for has only about a 1" "ledge".
leg strength: How are the legs attached to the seat?
can small dogs go on this?
We will be moving soon &amp; will need to move the perch. I assume the Velcro it came with will not be reusable. How can we re-mount it in our new place?
is the base made of wood or plastic? Also is it a solid piece or just a frame, want to know if it will basically "snuggle" my cat.
How wide is the perch, i.e., how far does it it sit out from the edge of the window? Is it 12" or 9"?
The window sill I'd use is not painted but varnished. Would the adhesive ruin the finish?
what are the dimensions of this?
Any chance it will stop cats from scratching my wallpaper off (presentedly protected by a make-shift fortress of chairs and tables.)
Did anyone have any issues with it tipping over when the cat is scratching or just being unstable in general? Thanks!
I've had mine airing outside for a week due to strong chemical odor - anyone else experience this? Would not let cats near it unless it clears up.
will this post work for a cat who scratches on door frames?
How big is the base?
Bought in March, still can't get my cats to use it. Since replacing my post w/this one, they have been destroying my furniture. Suggestions???
Does this work for kittens? What about claw covers? Thank you.
Can this be used outdoors? Our cats scratch the exterior doors and frames.
I was sure I had seen refills for the Ultimate Scratching Post. Has anyone seen them advertised, can't find them now,
where is this made
What size should I get for a 10 lb. Chihuahua?
Will it work in the back seat?
Height Of seat
Is it high enough for the dogs see out the window?
I have a 5lb &amp; 12lb Maltese. Can they both sit in the Medium size together? Or is there just 1 harness attachment?
I have a Dachshund/mini-Pinscher mix (lean, but long-legged) who weighs about 18 lbs - would a Medium work? I'd like this in the front seat of a Focus
is it washable
What size should I get for an 11 pound dog?
can two pugs fit in this?
will this sit on the console of a SUV
What are the inner dimensions? It doesn't look deep.
I have a 13 pound pee-a-poo do I need the small or the medium?
Will my 30 Pound dog fit into the medium?
Does the medium size include two containment straps, or is that only the large? i need to put a chihuahua and yorkie together.
What size should I get for my 6 lb. Yorkie. She likes to lay down as well as look out!
ok still stumped on size my 15 yr. old seat is about 17.5" by 16.5" on the bottom. Is that small or medium? Want new one for new furkid.
Is a medium a good size to fit a 22lb Shiba Inu?
I have 2 Boston Terriers, one is 11 lbs and one is 25 lbs, will a small and medium work for them?
My dog gets up, turns around, and becomes twisted, wearing the harness and strap. What does this product do to prevent that?
Can it be attached to the back seat?
does this come with harness to keep dog in seat
Is this the elevated car seat with inflatable cushion? Many thanks
Would the medium size be too large for a 16 lb sheltie? Thanks!
does the medium size sit on the seat? or can it hang from the back with space under?
Would this seat work for a 10-12 lb terrier?
Stupid question, if doing it in the house, where do you get the water? Does it hook up to the faucet?
Any chance this would fit inside my home bath tub? Thanks
Stupid question, how does my dog get into the tub? Do I have to lift him? Is there a ramp? Sandy Fautas
How do you keep the water in the tub. It only has three sides????
What is the weight limit for this tub? i.e How big of a dog can it hold?
Does this crate have a door on the top also?
its ok for Frenchies Bulldogs?
I have three kittens all about 2 lbs. to take to the vet to get fix, would this be to small for the three of them. its for a one time visit for all 3
Is this clamps only to put it together or can you use wingnuts and bolts?
guinea pig
what is the weight limit
Does it blow really hard, I want to use it for a cocker but don't want her blown away
How loud is this? I want it to do my Persians with, but I don't want to scare them to death like the metro does.
I want to know how tall the box high and wide and weighs as housing for freight purposes.
pet stand dryer oster: The product weighs and how tall its packing box
how hot does it get, heating element ,air?
does this shampoo expire after a certain amount of time? Is there an expiration date on my 1 gallon jug somewhere?
Is this really 12 gallons of shampoo or is this a typo?
Does this product have tree oil in it?
Does this shampoo come with a pump dispenser?
What are the real dimensions?
Can a smart parrot still unlock this dish and throw it to the bottom of the cage?
Is this BPA free?
Can I use this crock with a x large pet mate kennel?
How is this different then Styptic for Humans? Thanks! &#x1F43E;
what is the shelf life of this product?
Can this be used on goats when trimmng scurs (horns) and the goat bleeds some?
Does this wash off Frontline type flea treatments?
Can I use flea and tick shampoo or spray first before using this product?
is it ok to use this shampoo on head of dog around eyes
Do I use conditioner with this shampoo? Especially if I am bathing every 1-2 weeks?
Does it remove tear stain?
Is the 42"x28"x31" big enough for an 80 lb dog?
IS THIS A GOOD SIZE CRATE FOR A 42LB DOG?
What the deminions of the crate when BROKEN DOWN for transport? Need to know if it will fit behind my front seat sanding on its side on the floor.
Can the divider be positioned over a Midwest crate mat or do we have to get a smaller crate mat when we want to use the divider in a larger crate?
Would the 48 x 30 x 33 be large enough for a Doberman?
what size is the inside tray?
Will this crate work with a very aggressive chewer?
What size should I get for a Rhodesian Ridgeback?
we have two bonded cocker spaniels, about 30-40 pounds each. would they both fit in together?
Made in USA?
Is the 42"x28"x31" big enough for an 80 lb dog?
IS THIS A GOOD SIZE CRATE FOR A 42LB DOG?
What the deminions of the crate when BROKEN DOWN for transport? Need to know if it will fit behind my front seat sanding on its side on the floor.
Can the divider be positioned over a Midwest crate mat or do we have to get a smaller crate mat when we want to use the divider in a larger crate?
Would the 48 x 30 x 33 be large enough for a Doberman?
what size is the inside tray?
Will this crate work with a very aggressive chewer?
What size should I get for a Rhodesian Ridgeback?
we have two bonded cocker spaniels, about 30-40 pounds each. would they both fit in together?
Made in USA?
Is the 42"x28"x31" big enough for an 80 lb dog?
IS THIS A GOOD SIZE CRATE FOR A 42LB DOG?
What the deminions of the crate when BROKEN DOWN for transport? Need to know if it will fit behind my front seat sanding on its side on the floor.
Can the divider be positioned over a Midwest crate mat or do we have to get a smaller crate mat when we want to use the divider in a larger crate?
Would the 48 x 30 x 33 be large enough for a Doberman?
what size is the inside tray?
Will this crate work with a very aggressive chewer?
What size should I get for a Rhodesian Ridgeback?
we have two bonded cocker spaniels, about 30-40 pounds each. would they both fit in together?
Made in USA?
Can I get just the plastic pan that goes into the crate?
how big a dog can fit into this. I have a 60-pd. retriever/lab mix
Will this size 36x24x27 work for a 50-60 pound female boxer?
Can the crate be purchased with a metal pan?
How much does the 36" crate weigh and how much does the 42" crate weigh? thanks so much!
How big of a crate do I need?
can i get an ingredeints list? and for a dog between 80-95lbs how many per day and how do are they administered?
Did anyone else notice the product shown on this page is not what is shipped?
does this contain MSM?
Is there any Brewers yeast in this product? I have a Lab that is allergic and most of the Cosiquin products have this iand she gets hot spots from it.
It is currently 03/15/15. What is the expiration date now on this product?
Hello, I would like to know if you make shipments to Spain because you have marked "International Shipping"
Hello, What is the expiration date? Thanks
INSTALLATION
simple to put on?
I have rottweilers, how will this work with a 100 lb. + dog
What is included in this? Do I need to buy the leash part separate?
will this work with a 19 lb pomeranian
Anyone tried it with a Sun Trike Recumbent yet? Would it work?
Mine worked great the first time with my Bichon. I have oiled the blades. The 3rd time it stopped working and I read there is a sensor that detects hair clog in blade. I removed the hair and it will not work. The motor did not grind nor overheat. I see...
Can I use standard A5 blades on this clipper, too?
Can it run with a cord plug in ?
Customer review Mrmxwll, 7-1-14 placed emphasis on "grease not oil" on maintaining a part. What grease &amp; oil product recommended?
I was told by one person who sharpens blades that the 5in1blades can only be sharpened a few times. I called Wahl and they said they can be sharpened just as long as any other blade. I haven't sent any blades out for sharpening yet What are others...
Does it not have lithium bathery????
Does it come with 2 lithium batteries?
what is the width of the cutting blade/head please?
Does this come with the fine or course 5 in 1 blade?
I do not like using comb attachments. Can the Wahl Ultimate Competition Series blades be used with this clipper -- say a 5 or 7 for toy poodle body?
it says to replace the bulb with a 7watt night light bulb. all i can are 4watt where can i find the 7 watt
Will a 5watt C7 green light bulb fit for this Victor Flea Trap?
Does anyone have ferrets and have used this product? I have 4 and fleas just love them even though I use vet approved kitten flea meds for them.
Does the dogs or cat able to lick this product or will it? Is it able to get to he sticky pad or get burned by the bulb?
I have used the flea traps of soapy water with a light perched above it. Has anyone had the experience of this being more effective?
What about babies/toddlers? Can a little one's hand get into this trap?
Where do you buy replacement bulbs? Can't find a warm bulb to replace burned out one
will this trap gnats?
Hpw afraid of it are cats?
how many traps to buy for a two story home?
Hi, I would like to know if this product works with plastic bags and how can I clean it.
will this work in a litter box? does it work as like an extended arm scooper for cat boxes?
What parts of it are made of metal?
Is this good for walking dogs? Is it easy to use while walking the dogs, and what kinds of bags do you use in it, please? Thank you!
Does this come already assembled or is assembly required?
Does this product have a warranty?
Why did this go up so much in price?
How long/tall is this? I'm short (5'1") and currently have a scooper that's just the right size but it broke.
does the base of the jaws have teeth or is it smooth?
I have two young children and prefer to keep my house very clean so as soon as i see a mess i clean it up. can this product handle the "load"?
What are the inside dimensions?
Since this looks more like a "carrier," could it possibly be competitive with the Suncast and similarly priced outdoor dog "houses?
Is there a way to secure it from being taken?
How much does this item weight?
is this waterproof?
measurements?
Is this house insulated?
One Amazon photo shows holes on the sides for connecting top and bottom. The new ones don't have the holes. Which one in Medium do you sell?
I have a 35 lb beagle /Bassett mix. She has a 30" med crate for sleeping that just fits her. This med dog house seems too small. Any thoughts?
how much space does it take up behind the aquarium?
I replaced the impeller and the filter still rattles and won't pull water thru???
Is there anything else that can cause a clean emperor 280 to make a rattling sound and not pull the water into the filter replaced the impeller
Could somebody please tell me how wide is it? I am not sure if it would fit into the hole in my aquarium top opening (which is max 10inch)
is there adjustable flowrate and what are the dimensions of the filter?
Hi can you tell me if you ship to the UK? Also how much is the charge or would I qualify for the over $25 free shipping?
What's inside the Box? Does it include the Wheel?
which remote bark collar is best for small breed dogs
my little yorkie is about 7 lbs and small was the runt of the litter even though he is over a year old but is terrible at minding what do i use ?
Is this a good product to use on a rat terrier who gets very fiesty and bites when not happy with you and barks alot at whatever situation
I have a very naughty 6 month old yorkie/maltese mix who is maybe 3 lbs. Would this be too big on her?
how many feet away does it pick up
what is the rangerange
what type of batteries does the collar and remote require&gt; ?
I replaced the batteries in the collar, both the red lights turn on,but wont make the sound or do the shock, is it broke for good? can i repair it?
I have an old PDBDT-205 , and I have lost my remote control , is there any possible I can just buy a remote control from you , and how much would it be? Also can you ship to Taiwan?thank you advanced for your reply
Is there an electronic leash collar for large dogs?
Is this a solid core wire system?
How loud is the collar warning beep? I bought the system and an extra collar and both beep so weak I and my wife can barely hear it inside, not at all outside
I purchased an extra spool of boundary wire to expand this. Will I need any other or extra hardware to connect them? ie:splices
Can you attach the wire to an existing chain link fence, or would the metal interfere with the signal?
It says that it has a battery back up but that the batteries are not included. What kind of batteries are needed for the battery back up?
Will running the wire through a window, then closing it, pinch the cord and cut off the signal or damage the wire?
Are the collars water proof?
I have one and love it, I have a break in the line what do you recommend to find it
Does the purchase come with the green wire or the yellow wire? I will need to buy more wire so knowing what kind to buy would be great. Thanks.
Does it have to make a complete loop (circle) back to the box?
For the 18x14x16, which measurement is the height, depth, and width? And is it sturdy enough to use as a carrier?
Would this carrier work for a Shih Tzu?
Whats the weight of a dog you could put in it?
Does the carrier have seat belt attachment points?
Is this airline approved for travel?
the color looks pink but only says taupe and brown?
What are the dimensions of the medium size crate? They only have the ones for the small crate listed.
does it really stop dogs barking?
we got a petsafe bark control but no instructions. does the red light go on when the dog barks or is it the flashing green one
If you have multiple dogs, only one of whom barks, does this stress the non-barking dog?
does it work on labadors
Does it work for whining and howling?
Don't they just get used to the noise that it makes after a while and bark anyway?
Will other sounds, like the TV, trigger the response from the unit?
Can you use this in a car while traveling to stop barking and screaming?
Can you use this for a dog you happen to be walking by and it barks at you?
Will this work on the Neighbor's obnoxious dog?
is the quantity 3 shears or just one
is it a set of three like it shows
Do u get 3 scissors or one?
Is this product truly fragrance free? Does it have a smell at all?
What are the ingredients in this product?
Is this safe to use on wood floors? And would it help to keep pets from continuing to mark?
I don't have a stain to battle with.Just normal rug clean to deodor dog smell.Will this one overqualify?Do I need to vacuum or cloth wipe after spray?
Does the product take the color out of the carpet
Sizes are listed as SMALL, REGULAR, X LARGE. Can you &lt;simply&gt; state the dimensions PER SIZE. Thanks :)
Are these REALLY trackless?
Do these pads have an attractant in them?
has anybody ever used pee pads that have baking soda in them for odor
How do I measure my dog for these? She's a mini Italian Greyhound, 12 lbs.
whasat are the measurements on these pads?
Are these scented pads?
Sizes are listed as SMALL, REGULAR, X LARGE. Can you &lt;simply&gt; state the dimensions PER SIZE. Thanks :)
what is the dimension of these pads,, the useable part
What is the actual size of the pads?
Sizes are listed as SMALL, REGULAR, X LARGE. Can you &lt;simply&gt; state the dimensions PER SIZE. Thanks :)
Are these REALLY trackless?
Do these pads have an attractant in them?
has anybody ever used pee pads that have baking soda in them for odor
How do I measure my dog for these? She's a mini Italian Greyhound, 12 lbs.
whasat are the measurements on these pads?
Are these scented pads?
Sizes are listed as SMALL, REGULAR, X LARGE. Can you &lt;simply&gt; state the dimensions PER SIZE. Thanks :)
what is the dimension of these pads,, the useable part
What is the actual size of the pads?
Sizes are listed as SMALL, REGULAR, X LARGE. Can you &lt;simply&gt; state the dimensions PER SIZE. Thanks :)
Are these REALLY trackless?
Do these pads have an attractant in them?
has anybody ever used pee pads that have baking soda in them for odor
How do I measure my dog for these? She's a mini Italian Greyhound, 12 lbs.
whasat are the measurements on these pads?
Are these scented pads?
Sizes are listed as SMALL, REGULAR, X LARGE. Can you &lt;simply&gt; state the dimensions PER SIZE. Thanks :)
what is the dimension of these pads,, the useable part
What is the actual size of the pads?
what are the dimensions for a large size holder?
Sizes are listed as SMALL, REGULAR, X LARGE. Can you &lt;simply&gt; state the dimensions PER SIZE. Thanks :)
Are these REALLY trackless?
Do these pads have an attractant in them?
has anybody ever used pee pads that have baking soda in them for odor
How do I measure my dog for these? She's a mini Italian Greyhound, 12 lbs.
whasat are the measurements on these pads?
Are these scented pads?
Sizes are listed as SMALL, REGULAR, X LARGE. Can you &lt;simply&gt; state the dimensions PER SIZE. Thanks :)
what is the dimension of these pads,, the useable part
What is the actual size of the pads?
does the xlarge fit the xlarge simple solution pads (size 28" x 30")
what are the dimensions for the xtra large size? i don think the listing size is accurate.
what size do i get for pee pads that are 21in X 21in?
Can the xlarge tray be used for large breed dogs - a chow/collie, a pit/lab, both seniors, as well as a large 6 mo. Boxer/mix puppy.
What are the dimentions of the small pad holder?
what are the dimensions?
Does this extra large come in pink
What are the dimensions of small training pad?
will this work with 35.5" &Atilde;- 23.5" pee pee pads
I must be doing something wrong because my 4 lb yorkie can tear these out of the holder and shred the pads to pieces. Anyone else have this problem?
does the xlarge fit the xlarge simple solution pads (size 28" x 30")
what are the dimensions for the xtra large size? i don think the listing size is accurate.
what size do i get for pee pads that are 21in X 21in?
Can the xlarge tray be used for large breed dogs - a chow/collie, a pit/lab, both seniors, as well as a large 6 mo. Boxer/mix puppy.
What are the dimentions of the small pad holder?
what are the dimensions?
Does this extra large come in pink
What are the dimensions of small training pad?
will this work with 35.5" &Atilde;- 23.5" pee pee pads
I must be doing something wrong because my 4 lb yorkie can tear these out of the holder and shred the pads to pieces. Anyone else have this problem?
Sizes are listed as SMALL, REGULAR, X LARGE. Can you &lt;simply&gt; state the dimensions PER SIZE. Thanks :)
Are these REALLY trackless?
Do these pads have an attractant in them?
has anybody ever used pee pads that have baking soda in them for odor
How do I measure my dog for these? She's a mini Italian Greyhound, 12 lbs.
whasat are the measurements on these pads?
Are these scented pads?
Sizes are listed as SMALL, REGULAR, X LARGE. Can you &lt;simply&gt; state the dimensions PER SIZE. Thanks :)
what is the dimension of these pads,, the useable part
What is the actual size of the pads?
Is this product OK for goldfish? See one or two spots on one fish - any advice appreciated! Used API super ICK looking for better --- 20 gal tank --
is it reef safe
How much will one bottle of this treat? I have 2500 gallon pond.
is it reef safe
Is this treatment safe for loaches?
is this ok for planted tanks
Kordon Rid Ich or mardel copper which is better and safer
i see there is a problem with using this product with invertebrates. i assume that includes ghost shrimp?
If i use this product will by Glue Crayfish be ok?
Is this plant safe?
Can this be used for a guinea pig?
Has anyone used this bottle with parakeets? Does it come with the 7/16 or 5/16 nipple?
Cat?
Does this bottle have the large tip? Thank you!
Does anyone have an issue with the ball ever-so-slightly rolling up the tube, preventing the water from flowing? It happens almost daily with my model
Could it be used for Hummingbirds, or would a bearing prevent them from feeding? (Even glass Hummingbird feeders have plastic (toxic) bowls.
Will this mount on horizontal cage bars?
Will this work for a chinchilla and does it drip?
What is the diameter of the nipple? I need it to fit through a fine mesh. I have the 32oz version of this and the nipple won't fit into the cage.
Is that bottle can work for cockatoo
is this made in the USA?
how much water does it hold?
Will it work for toy breeds?
Does this have a cover so it can be carried without water spilling? Overall are you satisfied with this in your moving vehicle?
Will this work for an english bulldog with a short wide snout?
How do you clean the inside of the bowl?
would this work ok for a Pug
Will the Lexit Water Boy sit well on the back seat with tethered puppy on long 5 hour drive home?
Does it have a lid for over the bowl part? thanks
is it better than Heininger brand
can the cage be hung from a stand?
Are the perches wood?
how high is it i need the exact mesures
Would this work well for a temporary cage for a cockatiel who would be out of it most of the time?
Does this cage come with a stand included? It doesn't mention it in the description, but all of the customer reviews implies that it does.
Can a parrotlet or two live in this cage?
2nd request I need to know the dimensions of the bottom of the cage, is it the same as the dimensions of the wire rungs
Im looking for a waterproof set. My 90lb boxer is having trouble with his paws getting so wet here in north florida (RAIN) I live in a low area and it
are there 2 booties in the box or 4?
how wide are these booties?
I live in gunnison, CO and the weather is constantly in the negatives. Her feet get cold fast on the snow. Will these be effective?
What size would you recommend for a 60 lb dog?
Will a CFL fit in it?
Is this hood really 24"x 12" inches or 11 1/2" x 23 1/2" as one buyer claims?
Would this work for supporting live plants? If not, can you switch the bulbs for a grow light?
Would two of these work for a 75 gallon tank? Which measure 48 inches.
Ok I've got 2 questions. 1st what I'm seeing on product details can't be right can they?Product Details6.5 x 3.5 x 9 inches? the name says 24".
What size bulb does this hood take?
How do you put bulbs in?
How many bulbs (and what are the bulb specs) are required for each hood?
How durable is this toy? I have a black lab that has chewed off the handle of a refrigerator, will this withstand extreme chewing?
Does this work well on carpet? I wonder if this will be too easy on a carpet as it can flip easier.
How large is the dispensing hole? My dogs are eating a dental diet so the kibbles are huge ~1"
Where can I get a replacement cylinder? I did not tighten it all the way, it fell out and became a chew toy for our dog.
Can my dog crack his tooth on this toy? One of the comments says it can dent a wall. How hard is the plastic? Does it have a rubberized coating?
I just rescued an American Staddfordshire Terrier.She is such a sweetheart and she is very active. Would this cube be too large for her?
how much food can you put in it at one time?
What size for a welsh terrier?
Markings are worn off. Which way/how far to turn to get the cylinder out? Tight at every angle. (Barely been cleaned, unfortunately, but loved.)
What size buster cube is good for an 8 week old bernese mountain dog puppy?
is it made in the usa
are all ingredients from usa?
What age is considered senior?
Ingredients
Does this product actually contain lutein? It's listed in the description on Amazon, but is not included in the ingredients list on the bottle. WHICH is correct?
Where is this product manufactured?
what is in these, there is no place that i see that tells me ?
Hi, can these be sent with an Aussie 3 pin plug and work on 240volts ?
I need to shear my llamas and have no experience. should I pur hase additional blades to get through their fleece? would
can I order guards for this model
Is this a 610 model? I can't find the model number!!
How Long does it keep the hair that is left on the animal?
Does this clipper come with the Tool Box Carrying Case?
Does it come with carrying case,cleaning brush,oil,etc ?
I'm currently in Chile; Can anyone tell me what power input requirements are stamped on it?
Is this product 110v or 110-220v?
Does this clipper come with blades that can be used on sheep?
can you spray it on dry wall? my pups are scratching and chewing it up.
Is the spray the same as the "dog chew deterrent"?
If I use it on the corners of his bed pillow do you think then he won't want to go on the pillow at all? It's like a catch 22 situation
Can it be used effectively outdoors to deter dogs from pooping in my yard
Can you spray it on your blanket? He loves to chew holes and makes them look like Swiss cheese.
Does this smell bad?
How often do you reapply?
Does it sting open sores?
200 ft lily turf between street and sidewalk a favorite dog poop place for ignorant people with their dogs. what product will keep dogs from pooping
Does it leave a sticky texture?
can this door be installed on a door which is not a flush door on the bottom?
We have 3 cats and need 3 magnets. Is this a problem? How do we order extras?
I am looking for a cat door that I can install on a panel door. It is an insulated exterior door. Is there any reason this would not work?
can this be installed into a wall?
This door will keep the cat in (without a magnet on his collar) and let the dogs go out (with the magnets on their collars), right?
what is the size of the flap?
would a grown up beagle fget through?
cut out size
What happens to the door opening and shutting when the power goes out??? Is it controlled by the magnet only?
can this be installed in an existing panel with a dog door?
Will it turn the water brown like microbe lift sa sludge away ? The water in my pond is brown from the sludge away the water out of filter clean
I recently purchased a foreclosed home with an amazing koi pond. It's about 2.5' deep, 10' long and 6' wide. The house sat in foreclosure for 3 years and the pond was never cared for. Miraculously, I have about 20 koi in the pond that are still alive....
I just put in a pond what do I need to get the thing going? I see all kinds of things but I am not sure what chemicals to use
How many gallons does this treat?
is there a certain water temp that the Basic Beneficial Bacteria will work at the optimum?
Does it really work on string algae?
is this good for a chincilla
Does this come with a stand?
what kind of wheel do you recommend for a hedgehog???
Will this be to big or too small for a syrian hamster?
Is 6.5 inch one too small for a syrian hamster?
Can this be used in an aquarium habitat or does it need bars to attach to?
How wide is the track portion of the wheel?
Would this be a good size for a sugar glider?
Will this wheel work for rats?
Anyone know if you can buy replacement parts?
Does this tank top have an access door?
It says: Includes Comfort Shelves, Safety Ramps, food dish, water bottle, Little Brick House hideout, and pet nameplate Is this true?
What the total sizes with tank?
Can a Russian dwarf hamster use this
Do you need a lid for the aquarium
how do the hamsters get up to the second and third floor?
can i put a small turle in this tank
2 dwarf bunnies will fit in this?
Is this just the topper or the topper and tank bottom?
What is the bar spacing? Thanks!
Costco is $19.99
How long are these chews? Thanks!
where are they made?
The title says 6lbs, the picture of the product shows 5lbs, and the shipping weight is 4.7lbs, so which is it?
Why has the price gone up so much in the past few weeks?
where is this item made? is it a usa product?
Where are they made?
Are they made in the USA?
This is 2 packs of 20 each, correct?
are these made in the USA ???
For ten gallons in an 86&deg;F room, how much will this cool my nutrient solution in a DWC hydroponic system?
Anyone know the powerdraw / functional chilling wattage of this unit?
Does this get submerged in the water or do you attach it to the side of your tank?
Would this work to cool a 1 gallon pet water bowl? Would the unit freeze?
kind of a weird question, but I am looking for a way to keep a metal cooler cold, kind of like a refrigeration unit, would this be able to do that?
how do you install the unit? Is it submersible?
how does it work
would this chiller keep a 55 gal tank in the low 60s from a temp of 72 right now.
hello, I want to take 120 gal. from ambient of 88 down to 68. From your experience would 1 or 2 of these unit's be capable of doing that? Thank U4help
How it attached to your reservoir or fish tank?
Is it harmful to live plants. Water lilies
So does this contain everything you need for the spring summer cleaner? Is it like the autumn- winter version 2 part system ?
what is dosage for 40000 gallon pond?
The product title says 1qt while the description claims 8-2oz bags...which is it?
i have low pressure from my water sources, can i install a booster pump to this system? what is the total cost of the system plus the booster pump?
Stupid question, Is this unit good to produce water or human consumption? i assume so but since it is not explicitly stated????
Is this thorough enough to strip buffers from tap water?
Is there a tank with this system, it doesn't show a storage tank.
How to you back flush the unit? It is now allowing water to just run out, I changed filters but still doing this, so think need to back flush ...?
Can I use this with a 55 gal salt water aquarium tank? Not very knowledgeable about this stuff &amp; my husband said he wants an ro system for his birthd
How long are the tubes?
What is the waist ratio for this unit?
Does anyone know where to get replacement hoses for this, the yellow one that hooks to the sink?
i bought this unit a few years ago and lost the box and manual what 3 cartridges do i purchase and what order are they inserted,help!!!
In regards to the Biomax 20, does it come with the bag you tie off, or already in a sealed bag? I want to be able to put 50% old max in with the new.
Does this bag go under the aquaclear foam or on top of it?
Roughly how long can I leave this in, before switching out?
Does this act like purigen? Does it make the water clearer? Or is that the carbon?
Does this come with a thermostat or do you have to purchase it separately.
the packaging doesn't show a plug. does it include a plug?
How is the quality on this product. Does it last?
Hello. How long this cable, what is the lenght? Thanks.
Would this work if you put the cable in a tray full of sand then set betta jars on top of the sand with the thermostat in one of the betta jars?
Does this hose have the grey coupling part on both ends or just the one shown in the picture?
Will it work on the 106?
Will this work with the 206?
what size are the fittings on the end?
pic shows a fitting, what size is fitting outside diameter, or tubing, inside diameter?
Can it measure Celsius in my terrarium? Or it can Fahrenheit Measuring only
This product works with 110 V ?
im wondering if its digital reading or not and will it work with Hydor 75w Hydrokable Substrate Heater, 25' - for Aquariums 32-53 gal
Is it come with display as showing on pic #2?
Can it work with 230v
Hello. I have Hydor 75w Hydrokable Substrate Heater. Could you please advise me, your item suitable for my cable? Thank you.
Does it work with 110V as well as 230V?
how long is the lead for the temperature sensor?
What size tank is this for? Is this one big enough?
This goes around instead of back and forth. In a JBJ Nano won't it blow the gravel around below the output?
Does this work on a Hydor Pico Evo-Mag 180 Circulation Pump?
Will this work with a Hydor Koralia Nano 240 ? Thanks!
Is there anyway this can fit on the return of the jbj cubey?
How to take apart.?
will it work with a 750 power head?
how do you attach this product to the 425 pump?
how do you attach to the power head???
Will this fit a hydor koralia nano power head 425gph ?
Will it fit Fluval 306 canister filter pump?
This Heating cable includes suction cups?
can this cable work with Hydrofarm MTPRTC Digital Thermostat For Heat Mats
Does this just plug into an outlet or is something else needed to make it heat up? I want to put it down my washing machine drain to thaw it out. :-)
Must the regulator be purchased as well to make this work well in a Fluval Edge 12 gallon tank?
can i use thiscable to heat up my terrarium?. is this gonna work with 220 volts
Is this cable flat or round?
How long is this cable?
Can this cable be modified (cut) to make it shorter that 14 feet
Can this cable be used to keep aquarium water at a constant temp (7 gal)? Or is it only to heat the substrate to aid plant growth?
does this heater turn on and off according to water tempeture? or regulate the water tempeture automatically somone please help. excuse my grammar
Can someone tell me how long the cord is to this? Please measure from unit to plug.
What is the lowest temperature setting?
Can I use this for 1 gal glass tank?
So, would I be correct in saying that the overall size of the unit is 7" long (from the very bottom glass to the very top red knob tip) X 1 1/4" thick?
what is the depth (inches or cm) needed to reach the minimum fill line?
It says the 25 watt heater is 10 inches long. Is it actually that long?
how long is this I have a 5 gallon mini bow acrylic tank???
Would the heater work with a 1 gallon tank?
Does it have to be fully submerged to work
Can i leave this on 24/7? It moved the temperature up steadily and nicely but was afraid to leave it plugged in 24/7.... is this ok?
Is this safe with plastic bowls? will it damage or melt the plastic?
I have 2 gallon fish bowls for dwarf gouramis (don't keep them in anythig smaller) I change the water every 7 days, instead of taking them in and out everytime can I keep this under the bowl and will it still work?
Safe for Plastic Aquarium? Does anyone know if this would be safe for a plastic aquarium?
is it safe to leave on? Is there a fire hazard?
We put one in a 5 gallon tank but it doesn't seem to be getting warm in the 24 hrs since it is running, how would we know it's working ?
I have a half gallon tank {I know poor betta my dad got a cheap tank for me} would this heater work in my tank?
I know it's not ideal, but would this work for a fishbowl as well? (Less than a gallon)
Can this be used under the fish bowl (external to the bowl)?
How much do you need for a 75 gallon tank?
Should I run two of these (one on each side) in my Fluval 306? Will this product remove liquid nutrients from other seachem products I will be using?
i have 100 gallon koi tank , so if i understand correctly i would need to use 2 500ml bottles of purigen every 6 months?? any guidance would help m
Do I still need Purigen if I already have a protein skimmer?
Has anyone used this with a Magnum 350... filter? The canister has a center column in it, so unsure how a bag would work?
how can I use this with a 16 gallon biorb tank?
How do I use this in a sump? Does it have to have all the water flow through it or can it just be where the water is flowing?
Can I use this instead of carbon? I have a AquaClear 20 filter
How does Purigen differ from Seachem's other product called Prime?
Will purigen work with the Vortex diatom filter XL?
the reactor come with hoses?
What size tubing would I need for this if I wanted to buy more tubing for it?
Is this reactor overkill for a lightly stocked 29gal biocube w/ custom sump, I have a lot of lps but only frag size sps, but have a bubble algae prob.
What's the recommended flow for a 120 gallon?
Whats length of the hose this reactor comes with?
can this reactor be somerge into the sump
what types of media can be used in this and what recommended flow rates for each type please?
works well for a 80 gallon tank?
How is it powered, what generates flow? Also what is the outside dimension of the tube?
Wish pump should i get for a 100 gallon tank ?
Can I use thi outside?
what are the actual demensionHeight, width, depth?
how many casters come with the condo? (Are there only 4- one for each corner?- if so, might it sag or give in the middle?)
I am fostering 4 kittens, 4 weeks old. Can they get out between the bars?
are the wheels optional? what if i don't want wheels
Where can you get replacement casters?
How wide/tall are the door openings? I'd like to put a litter box inside it and need to know the dimensions. Thanks!
How many casters come with the condo? (Are there only 4- one for each corner?- if so, might it sag or give in the middle?)
can you tell me the bar spacing? I am looking for something like this for 2 large hunting ferrets
What is the size of the openings? The cage I have here, the openings are 18" wide by 13" high. I've seen others where the openings are smaller.
How to measure dogs neck?
Is this collar stainless steel or chrome plated? If i have a 48lb malinois with a 15" neck, should i go with 3.0mm or 2.25mm?
I have a 25 # Lhasa apso that pulls on her leash, I know how to remove the extra links...is this a good collar for her?
Can I use the 16 inch collar and take links out or is another size recommended, my dog's neck is 12 inches?
How is this collar any better than other prong collars?
my dog's neck measures 18' (just behind her ears)... I need a 20' collar but i only want the prongs to be 2.25mm..... how can I get this combination??
i have 2 boston terrier and like to jump up at people, will this work
i have 2 boston terrier and like to jump up at people, will this work
I have a 52 lb. female Goldendoodle. Would the medium, 3.0 millimeter be a good choice, or should the prongs be smaller?
why would anyone who loves their dog use such an ugly abusive collar rather than paositive traing?
Do these have any bounce to them? Also, how large are they? I don't want my kitten to be able to choke on them. Thanks!
Where are these made? If China, I'm afraid of dyes or whatever else might be used in manufacturing.
is one of the assorted colors these come in, WHITE?
Have these balls been stored in an air tight bag? They go stale, lose their bounce if they are left out in the air too long (I mean weeks, not hours)
Are there stickers on the balls? I got them that way once, and you can't tear them off without wrecking the ball.
Could you use these for dodgeball for kids?
Why are they called ethical?
is this good for a chincilla
Does this come with a stand?
what kind of wheel do you recommend for a hedgehog???
Will this be to big or too small for a syrian hamster?
Is 6.5 inch one too small for a syrian hamster?
Can this be used in an aquarium habitat or does it need bars to attach to?
How wide is the track portion of the wheel?
Would this be a good size for a sugar glider?
Will this wheel work for rats?
Anyone know if you can buy replacement parts?
Is this big enough for an 11" yellow-bellied slider? Will the suction cups hold?
How sticky are the suction cups? I like cleaning my tank out and I would like to be able to take the ramp out and and put it back in once a month.
What are the best replacement suction cups to get when they wear out?
How long do the rubberized textured strips last before they peal off?
HELP! I have a 7 " African Sideneck &amp; he jumped from the diving board &amp; tapped the bottom of the tank.Has 10" of water &amp;diving board is 12"from bottom
I have a 30 gallon tank, 30 x 12. I want to make sure my 5" RES will have enough room to swim under and around. anyone else using in a 30 gal?
I have a 55G long tank and purchased the large. My turtle (a YBS) is about 3 inches long. Could he possibly get lodged along the sides and drown?
Do they come with the suction cups?
Would this work as a basking spot for lizards?
Can someone tell me what the exact dimension (height, width, length) of the large ramp is? Thank you!
Can I stack two of these? Remove the top of the bottom one, cut a hole in the bottom of the top one and add a ramp?
how much weight can this hold?
just ordered 1. thanks. Can we get a floor only made of same material with the dimensions of 15in (W) x 34.2 in (L)? And how much? thanks
will the floor of the cage support a 20lb rabbit? how strong is it? how big each floor holes are? thanks
How many pigs can this hold?
Anyone have suggestions for wrapping or covering the grate for guinea pig use?
The removable tray is bending inward and has become warped in the middle. I have no idea why this has happened. I'd like a replacement. I'd even pay for it. The screws this product came with also were pretty shabby after 2-3 turns they immediately...
Are the holes of the wire mesh floor large enough for a large Holland Lop rabbits droppings to fall through?
I have a large lab/shepherd mix and a boston terror. Would I be able to walk them both with this?
What kind of 'handle' does this leash have? Is it the regular loop handle design or does it have an actual handle?
Has anyone tried this with head collars? I have 2 golden retrievers (100 lbs and 65 lbs), would this work for them? Are tangles a problem?
I'm getting a puppy and I already have a dog who walks with a loose leash. Will he constantly feel tension from the puppy pulling?
what's the length of the leads?
how long is this leash?
Two questions... Would medium work for a Portuguese Water Dog (up to 60 pounds), and how long are the grooming arm and noose? Thanks!
would a medium size arm work for a wheaten terrier
How do I get the legs to lock into place?
What is the weight limit for the medium table and large table? Would either handle a Newf (giant breed) weighing 75-140 lbs? Does table fold up? Thx.
Which size ( small or medium) table would you buy for grooming a 16 pound Westie? Thank you so much!
Does this come with the accessory tray pictured?
Is this standard size for an English pointer
how much does it weigh and what is the weight limit for the medium size table?
what are the sizes?
One 1 star review says this product isn't for dogs with short legs. I have a 30 lb Corgi, I wonder if it will work on her.
would this be too big for a say 6-8pound pup? really don't want to get a small since she is rapidly growing?
I am interested in this halter for my dog but am unsure about the size. She is a 70 lb. Doberman. I would like to know what size would be best for her.
what sizes are
Will this remove the stain from dog feces from a carpet?
does pietistic get out wet dog odor from carpet
Does it work on drywall &amp; wood trim? In a closet where tenants kept their litter box, I replaced the floor &amp; subfloor, but the walls smell awful!
Does it work on drywall &amp; wood trim? In a closet where tenants kept their litter box, I replaced the floor &amp; subfloor, but the walls smell awful!
Does the 15" long include the outside wheel on the left side?
I need to purchase a replacement wheel for this cage, what brand (s) are compatible/where can I find one! Help please!!!
Can you please tell me how high is the cage with the tube but without the cup on top?. Thanks.
What are the dimensions of the wheel? I need it to be more than 6.5 inches or my big Syrian won't be able to use it.
Does this fountain use the same filter as the other Catit fountain? If I have one of each would like to use the same filters.
Is there some way to clean the pump for this water fountain? I keep replacing them. Do they just wear out or can they be cleaned?
directions: my cat it fountain came without directions...is there a site to get a copy?
are both of the smaller bowls attached to the fountain ?
The water is not flowing evenly over the dome. it says to "massage" the dome, but its not working. Anyone knows? Its set evenly on the floor so.
Is the dome supposed to wobble? How do I fix it, as the water won't run down the dome correctly because of it?! I have taken it apart!
Is this product 110v or 220v with European plug? I saw the product in a pet store here in Germany and would to know if this is the European version?
Is this product 110v or 220v with European plug? I saw the product in a pet store here in Germany and would to know if this is the European version?
How many ounces does this hold?
Are the parts dishwasher safe?
size?
Want the RED dog ... How do I specify RED?
Can this go through the washing machine?
Will my puppy, eventually, be able to sleep without this? I would prefer him not to become too dependent on it for sleep.
Hello! Do these come in different sizes?? The one I am looking at says: Product Dimensions: 18 x 5 x 16 inches
Will I be receiving the Blue dog? The checkout page shows Red. Don't want Red.
about how long will this stay warm after heating up?
How long should you microwave it for?
Does this warm up of make a heartbeat sound???
a lot of heat packs smell when heated up does this?
Is taurine included in these suppliments?
Hi, I'd like to know what the expiry date on the product is as I won't be using it straight away. Thanks.
what are the ingredients?
How many MG's of Calcium per serving does this product have?
is there iodine added to it?
Hello, I would really like to know what are the ingredients and feeding instructions for this product.
What size for an 20 pound dog?
I have a 22 lb golden retriever puppy. What size is recommended?
I have a 7 month old 41 pound English Bulldog. What size should I get?
My dog is a 42 pound Jack Russell mix. I can not see a sizing chart guide w/ this product. Does anyone have a recommendation?
Will this vest buoy my 18# Cairn Terrier well enough for him to do swim therapy for his hind legs?
I have a 45 to 50 pound English Springer what size do you recommend ?
What are the contents?
Is this made in the USA?
Does anyone know where the expiration date is written on the bottle?
Thanks to all for the info. I'll give it a try.
What are the weight guidelines? I have a 29 lb. terrier.
This has probiotics correct? I just want to make sure, may save me from buying a whole thing of probiotic powder
How long does this last everyone?
how many mg cranberry extract is this?
Could someone please tell me all the ingredients in this? Thank-you.
I purchased this product and followed directions on package - daily for a month then three times per week. Do folks use it daily?
I just bought this product and here it says it contains marshmellow although I don't know the benefit of marshmellow, it's not listed on the can
Does this stop the dog from eating poop
what type of dog food are you giving your dog with stones? I am unsure what type of diet to put her on, she is a small cavapoo.
can i give my dog berry balance in water?
Where is the product manufactured?
How many mg of vitamin C does this contain per Tbsp/dose?
Do I have to wet it or use it dry???
why does this glove have 6 fingers?
Does this work for dogs with long hair? I have a 70 pound Goldendoodle who plays in my swampy backyard!
What you say if it's worth the money, compare to a small size (face towel) micro fiber towel (not big one) since that's what I' using (Zwipe)
Does it has water proof lining inside? or my hand would be soaked in dirty mud water too?
How does this compare to the paw wash product? Is it better than that, or just a different approach (or both?)
Is this a double sided glove? Need one for left hand.
Does it work on long-haired dog or cat?
How is this different from the purple love glove?
Can you bathe your dog with glove on? To work the shampoo in.
Has anyone used this glove on a cat? I have a long hair kitty that needs some daily grooming, would this work for what I need
The last grooming mitt I bought was rather small. How would you describe the sizing?Small, medium, large?
How do you get the fur off the gloves? There's almost enough fur on there to build another cat!
Is there a dog grooming glove for left and right hand to be used at the same time?
Does this glove contain latex?
How deep is it?
Is the actual diameter of the bowl 6" of 5.3" like others listed on the site at 6" bowls?
Does the manufacturer annoyingly put the company label in the inside of the dish, so that you have to try your darndest to get it all off?!?
from where was the stainless steel obtained to make the dish?
Does this dish say where it was made? China?
I can't get one off my dog's nails and now it's bloody underneath and is so sore. Help!
do these work for dogs that walk and play outdoors? Will they stay on?
How do you remove them?
How long do they typically last?
Does it bother a short haired dogs paws?
How does it work on wood surfaces? I have an Oak table that I want to keep my kitten off and I'm worried it might leave a residue/mark on the surface.
Can you use this product on leather furniture?
would this work on brick outdoor window ledge?
will this product work on a door...cat scratches garage entrance doordegscdowor doordegsc
How do I get it off of my couch? It is Stuck on the couch pretty good!!!!
Will this product work on screen doors? my boys will scratch at the bottom left corner to try and pull the door open. Makes it difficult to grill!
I have microsuede furniture? will this work and will it damage furniture upon removal?
Recommendation for removing sticky adhesive from laminate furniture?
will this product work on wicker
Would this work on wood? I am in a cabin and my cat keeps scratching the wood trim. Thank you!
Is the liner covered in burlap or fabric that is more damp proof like for urine
How can I remove the tubing? I read somewhere that there is a "small slit" on the hood, but I have searched inside and out and I can't find one. Thanks
How does sizing work?
I removed tubing to wash the cover. It was difficult to remove. Now I am having problem reinserting the tubing. Any suggestions?
Is the bottom of the bed fabric or mesh? My dog tears apart the mesh because she likes to move her bed around the room and flip the bed
Does it come in multiple colors?
Has anyone bought an XL cozy cave for a large dog? I have a 94 lbs Ridgeback, but from the reviews I gather that the xl would not be large enough
Can you wash the cover?
What are the dimensions (outer diameter)? Less exciting if I have to fish it out from under the couch every morning.
Are any of the colors transparent? I have the pink &amp; want a 2nd color that lets me see how much food is left inside. The blue looks too dark.
Can anyone who has had success w/ their cat and this ball recommend specific cat food brands that work with the design?
where is this made? US or China??
How do you get your cat to play? Mine is not bright enough to put the two together.
how do you open the ball?
Amazon listed its dimension of 5.8" x 3.2" x 7". Is it the actual size of the ball or that measurement for the outer box?
How much does it hold?
I live in an apartment and we don't have carpets. Will this ball drive my neighbors downstairs crazy? Will it make a lot of noise?
How do you open it for cleaning?
are these treats hard or on the softer side????
Are these made in USA?
what is the expiry date on the product?
what are the ingredients of the treats?
Is this American made?
how long does the tallest bone you sell in rawhide
Where is this product made? Is it made in North America?
Are these bones made in the US?
Does this flavor (Hickory Smoke) leave stains on the carpet?
Is this item made in china?
Is this the large size?
how many per package
Any idea why my 5 mo old Doberman will go 4-5 days with no accidents then jump up on the couch &amp; pee with me standing there?
Is this concentrate or ready to use in the gal. size jug? There were not any directions on how to use it.
Can i use it on the surface of my couch
Can this be used in carpet cleaners?
is this good to use for pet 'smells' - not URINE - but PET - i.e., just plain doggy odor? similar to febreeze on carpets and upholstery??
Is this okay to use on wood laminate floors?
My carpet was professionally cleaned,it still has the dog urine smell will this remove
can you use this in a steam cleaner
Can you put 2 dogs in it comfortably? a 9 pound and a 14 pound?
Do the wheels turn easily when turning a corner? How does the window shut around the dog? Zipper?
Hello, Whats the difference between Happy Trails stroller and Special Edition one (model #PG8250SG)? Is Special Edition provide a smoother ride?
How much is involved in assembly? Difficult?
I have a muscular 34 lb. boston terrier. Would he be too big for this?
what are the interior dimensions?
what size wheels does this stroller have?
Would this be suitable for two cats to fit in?
Does it have a brake?
I want to make sure my two small dogs will fit. What are the interior dimensions?
What are the dimensions of this door? Im looking to install it in a window that doesnt open that far so need to know if it will fit. thanks!
Is there a wall liner/tunnel that fits this model? The wall I'd like to install this in is about 4" thick.
Does this work with a metal hollow core door or does that mess with the magnetics?
Hello, what is the flap dimensions? I.e. what is the open demensions the pet passes through?
One cat can come and go, one stays inside? If we put a collar on the cat will it let the cat come and go but still keep the kitten without a collar key inside?
Does it have a loop at the end or is it just cord?
I have a wheaten terrier and want something to let him run around at a park. They are not off leash dogs so I was wondering if this would be suitable?
Does this check cord float?
how does this lead hold up to the chewing of a teething puppy?
Have two very active Jack Russell mix rescues around 34lbs and less than one year age. Any size recommendations so the clip isn't too heavy?
How long is this training leash
since paracord costs a fraction as much why not just buy that instead?
What would be best leash for a 10 pound maltipoo ?
Would the 3/8" cord be appropriate to use with a less than 20lb dog?
Would this leash work for pit bulls?
what would be a good slip lead leash size for a french bulldog?
Is this leash 8mm in diameter?
What is the recommended method to clean the slip lead?
How rough is the rope? My dog naturally has very thin fur coverage on his chest, armpits, and the throat of his neck.
What size do you suggest for a 6 month lab, she is learning well not to pull and I take her for long walks.
What diameter is the xs size?
What length is the XS?
When it gives the 4 and 6 ft lengths, where is it measuring from? The handle to then end, or the distance between the "collar" and "handle"?
Is it safe to use on a small dog like a terrier maltese mix? I would like to use it to train her on walks, since she pulls A LOT. Thanks.
Does anyone have issues with tipping over? I'm considering this for a 9-lb bunny and I'm afraid she will tip it over.
What is the height measurement of the lower end? Also, are the width and length measurements at the widest points, including the lip around the top?
Do you get two pans or one for $11.43? The picture shows two....
the discription says the weight is 8.3 ounces....awfully light ...is it a thin plastic
I want to make sure I'm getting Blue pans, how can I verify?
I use liners in my boxes and I don't use scoopable litter. What liner would I use and will it stay in place with the cats scratching ect?
I use liners in my boxes and I do't use scoopable litter. What liner would I use and will it stay in place with the cats scratching ect?
would this litter box fit a 10 pound, and a 7 pound cat?
What litter box liner do you recommend to fit this litter pan?
It isn't mentioned above so does anyone know if this pan contains microban? Like the size etc but do NOT want the chemical. Thanks
How do you get the applicator tip to stay on? The hardest part isn't even holding the cat, it's getting the tip to stay on!
Will the small caps fit on a 7 week old kitten? She has tiny claws and I was wondering exactly how big these caps are
What type of adhesive is used?
How long do these last?
how do i know what size my cat needs? she's a 7-pound 2-year old..but her claws are very thin..
what size do I get for a 2 year old cat?
Has anyone had an issue with their cat biting them off? I let them dry for 5 min but as soon as I turn my head my cats trying to bite them off.
How I do put them on the cat without it freaking out and trying to not claw my face off?
How long do these typically last on the paws?
what happens when the claws grow?
what does cleat lock system mean?
what size would an 8 1/2 lb cat wear. he is 9 months old
Do the Soft Claws com in Pink or red?
Would this leash work for pit bulls?
what would be a good slip lead leash size for a french bulldog?
Is this leash 8mm in diameter?
What is the recommended method to clean the slip lead?
How rough is the rope? My dog naturally has very thin fur coverage on his chest, armpits, and the throat of his neck.
What size do you suggest for a 6 month lab, she is learning well not to pull and I take her for long walks.
What diameter is the xs size?
What length is the XS?
When it gives the 4 and 6 ft lengths, where is it measuring from? The handle to then end, or the distance between the "collar" and "handle"?
Is it safe to use on a small dog like a terrier maltese mix? I would like to use it to train her on walks, since she pulls A LOT. Thanks.
how do I know what size to get
How do you get the applicator tip to stay on? The hardest part isn't even holding the cat, it's getting the tip to stay on!
How do I know what size to buy?
So I can get rid of all 3 scratching posts that I have?
Can these be used on the back claws also? My cat doesn't purposely scratch furniture, only when he jumps off using his back paws.
would a cat be able to climb a fence if he has all 4 paws of these?
How long do these stay on?
What does medium size mean?
What do you mean by Cleat Lock System, do they just glue on?
what size should I order, my cat weighs approx 8-9 lbs product soft paws
When the claws grow do the caps just fall off?
Is it really hard to put these on long haired cats? I would think glue would get all over their fur. I can barely see their nails through their fur
my cat weighs about 13 lbs, should I get small or medium soft claws for her
my cat weighs about 13 lbs, should I get small or medium soft claws for her
my cat weighs about 13 lbs, should I get small or medium soft claws for her
what size for a dog that weighs 70 lbs?
I am looking for a prong collar with a clasp for easy removal rather than linking the prongs. Is that the "Quick Release Snap"?
I have a 45-50lb Labradoodle, any idea of what size I should be buying?
the prong collar I have discolors my golden retrievers neck. I'm looking for a prong collar that doesn't do that. does this collar do that?
What extra link size (3 mm, or 3.25 mm) do I need to purchase in order to add links to the large sized collar?
Is the large and med same Mm?
Q: i have a four month old lab who is still growing. Can I buy a larger size and remove a few links?
Do you measure around the neck and get the closest size? It's not clear how to size these, and I don't want to have to send it back. Thxs.
size
I have a full-grown German Shepherd with a 20" sized neck (I did the measurements correctly). He has long fur. Should I buy the medium or the large?
What are all of the ingredients?
can kittens have this product
does this need to be refrigerated
I have received Pet-Tinic from you today. Thank you for your prompt shipment. I believe this item comes with 1ml dropper, which I could not find. I a
Hi, is this equivalent to Pfizer Lixotinic?
Do these vitamins come with a measuring dropper?
I am looking for a 9 inch brush, but don't see the size on this ad?
How soft is this toothbrush? I'm hoping it's super soft vs medium soft or regular soft.
is this a 3-pack?
Would like to know WHERE (what country) this toothbrush was manufactured? Thank you.
how much tryptophan in each tablet?
Is this product made in America?
will it mellow a cat out enough to get them into their carrier
where is this product made
This label doesn't match the sample bottle of ProQuiet my vet gave me. Who is the manufacturer and when would the bottle you send expire?
Does this need to be diluted with another oil or something before use?
is it sure drinking this dmso, if i buy it will you give instructions how to use it?... thanks
I want to know if anyone has used this as a carrier to increase the efficiency of for instance transdermal magnesium oil?
If DMSO is so potent and absorbs everything, is it safe to have this sold in a plastic bottle? Just seems unsafe since plastic leaches. Please advise.
Has anyone used this recently, 2015? Can industrial strength be used on skin?
What is the taste like?
My order was ordered over a week ago and has not been shipped? what gives? when is it going to be shipped? when can I expect to receive my shipment?
This product is stated to be 99 percent pure. What impurities does the 1 percent consist of?
Is this formula safe for puppies? Mine is 12 weeks old. If not, what formula would be recommended?
Can you post the full ingredient list? Does it contain methylisothiazolinone or methylchlorisothiazolinone?
Can you tell me the size of this shampoo? How many oz.?
Do you ship to the UK?
Is this manufactured in the US
does it contain keratolytic?
If my dog went in the ocean with the collar will it still work?
Where should I close the collar? The collar is long, which is good because I get more product, however I do not know how close it, it have a closure in the middle but the end is dangling end and no where to secure it. I know I can cut it but it would...
When should my dog wear this collar? Can I just put it on before we go hiking and take it off after? Is it effective immediately and for how long afte
What is the expiration date on the packaging?
If my dog went in the ocean with the collar will it still work?
Is this cat toothpaste enzymatic? Please advise of all the ingredients listed on the package including active and inactive. Thanks
Does anyone have Bengals and use this tooth paste? If so what flavor?
What flavor is the paste?
Does this product have the VOHC seal of approval?
Does this have the anti plaque enzyme? I was tols it is a necessity.
How much toothpaste is there? (in ounces and/or grams)
Can I use the same toothbrush for different cats as long as a clean it?
Is this an Enzymatic toothpaste?
what is ingredients?
Just wanted you to know that the picture associated with your product on initial amazon.com search is not correct - it's some sort of body tattoo prod
Will DGP be just as effective added to the dog's moist food?
What are the ingredients in Dog Pain Away? (Need both active &amp; inactive ingredients please.)
Can it be use on a garage door
Can it be used on a pocket door (how far does it stick out on either side of a 1 1/2 thick door?
is this easy to mount in a windowed back door (with a metal frame)? I will have to cut the glass, any advices or recommendations? thanks
Does this door come with magnets to put on the cats collars that open the locks? How many does it come with?
What is the door liner for?
does anyone have a fat cat that can fit in this door or do i need to buy the large one
Do the locks work well? I need something to keep raccoons out.
What is the exterior rain seal?
Can you tell me the flap size? I need to know the entrance dimensions. Thanks!
Do you think this is okay to install on a door going down into a basement? Is is user friendly for cats who will be going up or down stairs?
Can this be installed in a screened window?
Would it work OK if i cut the hole in the sheetrock that goes out to the garage? I would rather do this that cutting through a steel door.
How big is the actual opening for pet to go thru?
I'm sooo confused! How do I install this thing?? It's not balanced and the holder things just fall out!!! What is going on with this??? PLEASE HELP!!!!!!!
Can you turn the bed so the bolster in away from window for added support for large sleepy cats?
How does it attach to the window sill? We rent our home, so no screws.
I'm assuming the bed is 24" at it's widest point (middle). Does it seem as though it would fit a 23.5" window with a sill depth of 3"? Thank you!
What is the minimum depth of the window sill required,in order to install the cat perch?
How much weight can this hold? One of my cats is a little on the big side
Is the cat included with this product?
Hello, I have had one of these perches for years. The perch is still great, but I would like to get a replacement bed. where can I find?
Does the window have to be open to use this?
The video shows that this is heated... Is it??
I'm sooo confused! How do I install this thing?? It's not balanced and the holder things just fall out!!! What is going on with this??? PLEASE HELP!!!!!!!
Can you turn the bed so the bolster in away from window for added support for large sleepy cats?
How does it attach to the window sill? We rent our home, so no screws.
I'm assuming the bed is 24" at it's widest point (middle). Does it seem as though it would fit a 23.5" window with a sill depth of 3"? Thank you!
What is the minimum depth of the window sill required,in order to install the cat perch?
How much weight can this hold? One of my cats is a little on the big side
Is the cat included with this product?
Hello, I have had one of these perches for years. The perch is still great, but I would like to get a replacement bed. where can I find?
Does the window have to be open to use this?
The video shows that this is heated... Is it??
Can you easily tell it's on when you touch it? I just received mine today, it's been on for a few hours, and it doesn't feel warm to me!
Since this is a low voltage (perch side of the transformer) any chance that running this device through a lamp dimmer (AC side) would help to control the heat level, say something capable of handling a 300-500 watt halogen bulb?
Does it warm the cage
Can the Thermo Perch be used for a Canary
I think my perch gets too hot. When I grab it, it feels too hot to my touch. I just took a temp reading with a meat therm and it read 102. Probably not 100% accurate but that seems too hot to me.I know cockatiels have a warmer body temperature but is...
Can you get a replacement cord? not the coiled part, but the part that plugs in? We unplugged them in the springtime and now can't find them.
Does anyone use this successfully with their budgie?
What size is recommended for a Quaker parrot?
IS there a way to have it be Battery operated of when power goes out.
My sills are narrow; all the perches I've tried have tilted downward.Velcro ripped right off. Will this attach securely to window and be level?
does it hook into the window when closed??
Will this support my 16 pound, very long cat? I'm looking for something so he can stretch out and not fall off.
Would this accommodate a small dog as well? I have both a Chihuahua and a Pomeranian who love to look out the window.
Does this need a window sill to work? My window sill is practically nonexistent (1 inch or 2 inch)
I have hanging windows that swing out. Will the cat bed have to be removed to open and close these types of windows or will it clear ok?
Will this work for MARBLE sills 2 3/4" wide? - We installed new windows which narrowed our sills.
Why is it called "Thermo-Kitty? Is their insulation, reflective heat or what ???
How does this work? No diagram, muddy instructions; it keeps falling off and apart. HELP!
Is this shampoo or conditioner? It is advertised as conditioner but description and some comments less me to believe it's conditioner.
My dog has very coarse, wiry "guard hairs." Is this conditioner enough to soften them?
What is the scent on this product?
Is it safe to use on 16 weeks old maltipoo? She needs to be brushed a few times a week (which i do) but i was wondering if i can use a pet conditioner on her, to make her fur more soft and easier to detangle?
Does this cage for storage and easy transport?
When you use for chinchilla do you use bedding on bottom of cage
Does this cage fold up for storage and easy transport?
Can you stack two of these
What are the dementions?
what are the measurements of this cage?
What is the typical experation date of the product when received?
i would like to see the full list of contents and ingredients for this product.
I have the green bottle of this brand. Is it alcohol free like that one?
Is this water proof? I need something to put on the porch for a stray cat I've adopted to use when it rains until he's used to my cat and comes insid.
If the dog has an "accident" in the crate, will it leak out the bottom onto the floor? Also how can you clean it after an "accident"
does this have a carry strap or not? the picture shows strap &amp; handle to carry when open. comments here are not clear. thanks!!
My cat likes to lay ontop of his crate. I'd like to get this one but would like to know if it would collapse or if it is sturdy enough to hold him.
I have a mini Schauzer-she weighs 15lbs, 23"-length,13"-height. If I follow the measuring instructions I should buy the 28"-is that too large?
Will my adult cat with claws be able to scratch his way out?
Can this be used outside and have a little rain protection if my dog gets "caught" in the rain when I'm at work. He's an inside dog when I'm at home.
I may buy the 28 or 32 inch model. Is there a handle on top to carry it with my dog in it? My dog only weighs 15 Lbs but he's long and has a bad back
Does the crate have a wire inner frame to support the sides/top? I'm concerned about its sturdiness vs. a soft pet carrier (has no frame).
What is on the bottom? Does is come with the bed or is that purchased separately?
I've got three cats that I would like to be kept away from the living at night, if on the lowest setting does it hurt? What does it do, is it a vibration, or is it a shock, and what does it feel like? I just don't want my cats to hate me and get hurt...
I have a 112 inches to cover all the area needed for the couch, can this product available in longer sizes or extension add on?
I need this for two chairs. Does it fold?
Is this item water-proof or safe to be placed along the kitchen sink?
how big is this, will it be sufficient on the door threshold
how do you set the low, medium or high settings?
Weather permitting, I'm thinking of using the 46x3 inch ScatMat Strip on my deck rail to deter raccoons. Has anyone tried this?
is there a switch for the3 levels?
Does this work for big dogs? All I keep reading about is cats. Does it work as well as a Dogtra training collar?
The product title says this is an extension, does it also come with the electronic box?
will this work on a convertible top?
Can you walk on this and not get shocked with shoes on?
What will it do if the pillows on your couch touch it all day long? Will the battery wear out quickly?
Will the mat scratch the paint of my car if it slides when the cat is shocked?
what material is it made from?
can this be used outdoors
how can you add two extenions to one scatmat?
If my dog just lays down on it - will it continue to shock him?
Can a person sleep on this and be comfortable after the initial "tingle?
Can you put it on the corner of a couch? My cat claws the corner of the couch but I don't want her to be temp deterred just because it hangs funny.
I'm confused why this is called an "extension". If you already have a scat mat, does this one plug in to it somehow? One power pack for 2 scat mats?
does it work for pigeons on air conditioners?
I need something to keep my dogs off our kingsized bed. Will this be big enough? Thanks.
I'm using 2 extensions. Does the extension cord go on top of or under the pads? I just connect to the last one, correct?
Does this come with the extension strips? I have an L shaped sofa so if this only snaps into the other mat, it will be difficult to use.
With the extension mat work alone with the power pack? My original mat has a broke wire.
Does this make it longer, or just deeper? I don't need it to be longer, but " thicker".
I just got the extension and there are no instructions for connecting it. How do I do this?
How long is the cord? Will it cross the gap between two parked cars in a garage?
will this work as is, or do i need to buy an adaptor or battery pack sepertley?
exactly how does it attach to an existing powered scat mat?
Can I place this on top of a washer and dryer?
I need to keep my Jack Russel from the kitchen counters where she jumps up from the floor and eats everything in sight. What should I buy to accomplis
"Pretty long" doesn't help at all. How long, EXACTLY, is the wire between the power pack &amp; the extension mat? I have an L shaped counter, need LONG!
how many extension mats can be attached to the main unit. I already have one extension attached, can multiple mats be piggybacked?
I have a smaller sized ferret, he is about 2.5-3 pounds? Is this a good size for him?
Hi pretty interesting pet carrier, but is it airline approved? any experience on that?
Does this handle fit on the passengers body?
The cover of this kennel just lasted 4four months. Easy to make a hole just pushing with one finger. Is there another material or can I buy just the cover without the frame?
how does this cover attach to the kennel? Will it attach to a Doc Bob 5X10 kennel?
Will this Lucky Dog cover work with a Blue Hawk kennel of the same dimensions?
which part is 12"?
would this hold up for snow in winter?
Is there a roof on thei aside from the tarp? I need a roofed kennel to house a husky mix.
how tall is do run?
How tall is dog run
Hi does this include the framing poles?
does this cover fit 4x5x10 kennel?
I have a small dog and was just wondering if the size small would work for her.
When I select orange, small, it comes up as red led orange webbing, small. Product title mistake?
Any suggestions on getting the adj buckle to stay put, it slides to the end making it too loose? She is 6 mo, still growing, so don't want to cut it.
Is the optional 3rd WeatherTech Tubular Pet Barrier Extension Panel necessary for use in a 2013 Chevrolet Suburban?
i have the tuber weather tech 60010 and i can not get it to tigten on the bottom leg the extentes out help
can I buy 2 extender bars to fit my ford transit cargo van?
is this the full barrier? or just the one extension tube? the manufacture p/n is for just the extension but the picture is of the full barrier. which
If you remove it from your vehicle does it leave little rings where the tension rods sat?
im looking to put a barrier directly behind my front seats..so the dog cant climb into the passenger seat, will this work?
Does this come with 3 horizontal bar sets or 2?
Will it fit a 2015 Toyota Highlander Platinum edition?
I'm looking for something that will seperate the cargo space (w/ seats down) into two areas (to keep two dogs separated). Will this work? ('15 CR-V)
jeep
Will this fit in a Nissan Murano?
will this fit in a ford explorer 2010
what does optional 3rd bar mean? do i have to order an extra one or is it just optional to put on?
Will this fit in a 2015 ford explorer?
Anyone found a way to muffle the noise a bit?
I have a regular 20 gallon aquarium and I need a new filter, these are a great price but I have no idea what size, 100 or 150, would work best?
How far off the back of the fish tank does this hang? what's the distance between the back edge of the tank to the back edge of the filter?
Does it come with a filter and bio wheel?
will it hurt the fish if I make the bio wheel stop permantley ? the noise from it drives me crazy
mine is loud and I cannot figure out why, everything is together correctly water level fine.. louder with the cover on it. any fixes?
How wide of an opening is needed on the tank lid for the 100 filter to sit?
anybody know if a 100 will fit over the lip of a 55 gallon tank?
how wide is this filter (part that hangs into the tank). The cover on my 10gal tank has a 6.5" opening for the filter will this fit
How quiet is this filter? I have 10 gallon tank and generic power filter that came with it is a bit noisy. Are there quieter filters than Marineland Penguin filters?
Do you have to remove the entire lid to feed your fish, or is there a feeding door?
do you have to plug it in
Who do you adjust the light ?Mine want stay on &amp; i can't find the instructions.
How long did your fish survive in this tank?
I have heard that the filter in this tank does not do very well. If I were to buy a sponge filter how would I set it up in the tank?
Does the light have a blue tint as in the pics?
is the tank glass or plastic?
How many gallons is it?
I have this tank and i'm baffled why the led light changes colors constantly.I threw away instructions. Is this the way it suppose to be?
Have a similar tank that came w/ clip on LED light. Looks like an AC adapter can be used instead of batteries, but didn't come with it. Same issue?
How often do you find you need to change your batteries? If every 6 weeks normal?
RFA-441
Will this battery fit a small dog bark collar??
does this system not help with keeping dogs in the yard
Do these batteries work with the PIF300 system
sport dog
how long do they last?
Modifying Petsafe Batteries: Does anyone know how to modify the Petsafe Batteries for the wireless dog collars so I can replace the 2 watch batteries inside?
How many hours will it cool at a time? Does it work less the longer the dog is on it?
How durable is the covering? My dog likes to dig a "puppy nest" in her bedding.
How do you clean the cool bed? Does it wipe off?
mine came without instructions,when do you change the water in it?
We plan a 2,000 mile trip in late June (and return through hot weather in July, for sure) Is this pad for 2 long haired 20 lb dogs good for a car ride?
I was wondering how often you need to refill this product; because of the water turning warm do you need to drain and refill constatly?
Will it work just as well for people when placed on a mattress??
Can cats puncture this bed with their claws?
What are the recommended weight limits for the small, medium and large size beds?
The Precautions state use bed in temps under 95 F / 35 C our summer is well above that around 115F/ mid 40C is it still safe to use?
Can this bed be inside a crate?
how do I keep the water cold?
Re: Cool Pet III water cool mattress , large; Drained much water out to enable relocation. Inner mattress bunched. Want to refill and use ASAP. How to remove bunch or does it do so when filled ? John
If I use a cover on this bed, do the cooling properties still work? It is a thin cover from and old dog bed.
For how long does it stay cool? My dog is in the crate for about 10 hours and would like something that remains cool for that amount of time.
How high is the stand?
Can an indian ringneck live in this cage?
Is this suitable for parakeets? Will they be able to fit through the caging or are the slits close enough together?
Is the color actually "chrome"? or is it actually something like nickel?
can grey parrot live in this cage???
Does the cage detach from the stand easily?
Why all customer reviews are old? i want to see recent reviews
Did it ever get moldy?
Do you make any of these beds for cats to ship to uk
Only the large and medium sizes have a gel ? That is, the small size does not have a gel?
How long does the water stay in? Do you have to change the water, and how often?
Is the "small" bed appropriate for cats? Due to size, is it doable for moving around? Thanks!
The Large seems a little small - has anyone flown with a small dog with this bag? I have a 12-lb Yorkie mix and it seems like it would be tight.
MY CAT IS 21 LBS WHAT SIZE DO I NEED?
Is this airline approved for in-cabin travel? United Airlines has a maximum 18x11x11 for soft-sided, but I was wondering if it is airline approved.
Is this bag collapsible for storage?
I have a 15 pound cat, he has not been declawed. Will he be able to scratch thru the mesh. I only want to take him to the vet in it.
is this the large size
How much does the carrier weigh?
What size is this one considered to be? Petmade Medium is 17x10x10 and Large is 20x11.5x12 but I'd love it if this one was really 18x11x11.
Is there a swinging in &amp; out door on front of litter box
is the doorway open or is there a flap for cat to go through?
How high is just the base? What does Colors May Vary mean?
What is the best plastic bag for this litterbox?
Does anyone know what the actual size of the pan is? Are the dimensions true to what is stated?
Please tell me the width of the door opening. I have a very wide Maine Coon.
Does the litter scoop come with a place to attach it on the outside of the litter box?
what size filters does this litter pan take
What are the dimmensions
what are the measurements of this box?
Is this durable for Gerbils? Are two Gerbils allowed to st ay in it for a long period of time?
Can it be connected with the Super Pet CritterTrail Discovery Deluxe Habitat? What do I need to do this?
what is the cage made out of?
i want to bring my dwarf pearl winter white hamster with me to my friends house and when we go out to the park. will this help?
how many hamsters can fit for 5 mins
Can I be assured to get a yellow school bus?
Hi, I need 10 of these "Super Pet Small Animal Critter Trail Off To School Habitat", when will you restock item?
Are these small bites? I have a small dog
Are the kibbles for this particular item small? Like suitable for small breed dogs?
Recently the packaging has been changed, and according to the company they have changed the formula for their dry foods. What are the changes?
Is this dog food made in America?
what is the litter made of?
Bought twice-1st time loved it, 2nd time stuck like glue to bottom of litter box.Has anyone had same problem? I added a few inches but it didn't help.
does this work good for declawed cats?
How does this compare to "Fresh Step" when it comes to the amount of airborne dust? Thanks!
Is this litter dusty? I refuse to use litters that are so dusty I can barely stand to dump it into the box so hope to hear soon. Thanks
Is this litter sented?
How about tracking? My Maine Coon with his BIG paws, long fur on bottoms, really can track litter around...I'm looking for litter that is low tracking.
Can I mix this with the Dr. Elsey's Cat Attract litter without losing effectiveness of Cat Attract. Trying to save a bit of $.
I'm considering purchasing this cat-litter and would like to know how well it controls odors?
How many pounds of this litter would you say you go through per month using this litter, and for how many cats? Thanks!
Is the 18 lb. bag enough to fill the cat box one time?
Been Using this litter for a while and it is pretty good. Has anyone tried the Precious Cat Crystal Litter from the same company? Is it better?
The clay litter I currently use solidifies (clumps?) in the bottom of the box and cannot be scooped. Is that what this one does?
The urine has not been clumping into balls. I found it all solidified on the bottom of the litter box pan. Does anyone know what I'm doing wrong?
Does this product work in the LitterMaid automatic cleaning litter box?
Does this litter work well with automated/self-cleaning litter boxes? It's the one kind my cat will stay IN the box for, but I'm considering new box.
We have 4 cats and engineered hardwood floors. Does anyone have a problem with clay litter scratching hardwoods? Thanks!! :)
Is this ok for kittens?
Has anyone successfully used this with the Litter Robot?
Is this litter clay or a natural product like wheat or corn?
has anyone tried it on a 32 lb. 4 month old golden retriever puppy with success?
Do you know what size I would need for a 130lb English Mastiff and a 60lb Argentine Mastiff mix.
will it work on a 12 weeks Doberman puppy or is it too big? is it adjustable?
what size for a 40-50 lb dog
What is in this product that attracts the cat?
What is the difference between this one and the blue bag one?
do i mix this with my regular litter or use it by itself?
Has anyone used this to train kittens? If so, were you successful?. Thank you!
I have a 6 &frac12; year old kitty-she had a perfect record for over 4 years &amp; recently I changed the area where she has two towers plus a window perch (small tree) where there used to be some bins-(in my room)--now it is ALL her own personal space for play....
Has this helped anyone's cat stop marking? I have tried every other option to stop it and am at my wits end with my 3 y/o female cat.
Would this work for a stray and is now an indoor/outdoor?Shes never gone in the house but she will yowl until i let her outside to do her business.
is it flushable? we are currently toilet training our cat
Does it work with litter maid boxes?
I have an adopted declawed cat. He will not use a litter box. Has anyone had success this on a cat who has been declawed and would not use the box?
Is the "green" gentle leader lime green or olive. I cannot see the real color from my PC?
what size for a 60lb lab pup?
what if my dog is used to lunging at other dogs (excitement not aggression) what will happen with the gentle leader on?
How do I know what size to get for my 42# Wheaton Terrier?
Will medium size fit a 60 lb. english setter?
Will it trim shih tzu like short puppy cut? Do not like shaved haircuts.
How will these work on a long-haired cat?
Which are the longer attachment combs for this model?
Received the clipper, oiled it, attached guard comb and it won't cut. Took off guard, still won't cut. What am I doing wrong? Me or clippers?
Will this clipper shave off matted hair?
Does this come with the #10 blade and what do the 1,2,3, and 4 combs mean? Do those correspond to a #?
Can this be used in 220V-240V countries?
Will it cut my cat's hair mattes?
can this use the oster blades?
Do they cut through a double coat?
Has Natural Balance recently changed the recipe of Venison and Sweet Potato
Anyone have any idea how many cups of food per bag? I am feeding a 65 and 75 lb boxer and wondering how long a bag would last. Thanks
How much protein in the dry and canned fish and sweet potato?
I am interested buying two of the 28 lb. bags; can you tell me the "Best by Date" that is printed on the back of the two bags?
does it contain chicken
I need a high fiber for my pup. Does anyone know, what the fiber percentage is in this food?
Why is this no longer available for free shipping through Amazon prime?
Why is this item no longer offering Prime shipping??
I am extremely grossed out about the bugs in the customer pictures, is this a reason to not purchase? After all, these are the #1 seller!
What are the ingredients?
its says 1lb. but how many bully sticks comes to a bag? 12? 14? 24?
could you sens only the very thin short bully sticks?my dog weighs only 5 pounds and the bigger ones are too big for her to chew thank you
Are these made in China?
Are they made in the US?
is this product made in the USA ?
what is the length? thx mb
approximately how many sticks come in a pack?
what are the ingredients
Are these made in USA?
I wonder what are those bully sticks made of? Bull muscle? Thanks
One pound - how many sticks are there?
I have seen packages that say a pound and then there are good Thick or Large sticks, and half of them are these thin sticks. Are ALL sticks THICK.?
Is this product MADE IN THE USA? Beware of dog treats made in other countries, especially China - dogs are getting sick!
Did anyone get free shipping like they say?
What are they made out of?
Is this really a full pound of dog chews?
What's the calorie count of a stick?
Ok, I don't see what the little air tube does. I see no bubbles coming from this filter at all. Do I need an additional air stone for my tank?
How strong is the current? I have a cherry shrimp tank &amp; bought the terra whisper bubble filter &amp; it is a piece of crap
What else do I need for the filter? How often do I need to clean/change it
does it works on 220 Volts?
Can anyone explain what the air tube with the ball on the end is supposed to do? I'm currently not using it, is that okay?
I don't see a power cord in the product picture. how does this thing get energy? from a battery?
I still am baffled of how to add extra filter material to the out put valve. Please tell me how to attach the filter material to the output valve. Does it attach with a rubber band etc?
Has anyone figured out a good way to get some charcoal into this thing? If so, can you describe exactly how, if it's bagged in something, etc?
Is this product safe for a saltwater aquarium environment?
is this filter ok for African dwarf frogs in a 3 gallon tank currently have one frog plan on buying one more frog soon.
Can you put one of the rabbit heating pads under this?
What type of grass is the mat made of?
How large is this mat in inches?
why is this no longer shipped to California?
Anyone know why I can't buy this to be mailed to California?
Can this be used for chinchilla?
Can this be used for guinea pigs?
Why has this price gone from $5.59 with free shipping with Prime to $30.26 plus $16.99 shipping? Crazy!
Do you need at mat if you have a bungalow? Or what protects their feet?
Which is better marshall or peters woven grass? I need something to protect my bunnies feet from the wire bottom cage, or is there something else?
Mesh bottoms are bad for rabbits. Is the wire bottom removable ?
One customer review asked about his male rabbit jumps and sprays his urine out of the cage. so does mine so how do you deal with that?
Please let me know if the tray pulls out for cleaning. Thanks.
Is the bottom grate removable?
Does anyone have suggestions as to how to keep the hay and mess inside the cage? I am CONSTANTLY cleaning up around the outside of the cage.
The side of the cage directly across from the front door appears to be set up backwards, as the hooks are on the outside instead of the inside. Help?
would this work for a guinea pig or two?
Do you thank it would hold a giant Flemish rabbit?
What is the size spacing between the wires?
how big is this cage
Does this have dual air valves? I am interested in the 10 gal version...
What is the PSI generated?
will i need anything else besides this pump? ive never used a air pump. not sure if i need a air stone and tubing?
Hi,what size tubing will fit this, ? .25" ?
I have a sixteen gallon tank and i dont know if i should order the 10 gallon one or 20-40 gallon one?
is it on the ground
Will it work on 240 volts like many other appliances? Or it's 110v only?
What is the voltage on this pump?
What comes in the box other than the pump?
What parts are needed to get this pump up and running, tubing, sandstone, filtration, etc.? Is it 110?.
Would it be dangerous if put closer than specified length? I have about 20cm distance from the light and the ground.
Which brand fluorescent fixture do you recommend using this bulb in?
Anyone use this on themselves? Can it screw into a house lamp? Is it florscent?
How often do I need to replace this bulb to ensure that my bearded dragon is still getting UVB from it?
is this light snake safe?
Is this the best choice for a turtle tank?__________ Or get some other Zoo Med?_________
Will this bulb work in an aquarium hood?
Can anyone tell me if this is a T-5 Size/ type bulb? Please and Thank you.
Would this 24 inch light be long enough to provide proper lighting for a bearded dragon in a 60 gallon tank?
where was this toy made ?
Can extra/replacement eggs for platypus be purchased?
Can replacement eggs be purchased?
This listing says Platypus but it requires you to select which toy before ordering and platypus is not an option. Where can you get the Platypus?
where was this toy made ?
Is this a T8 bulb?
If my light fixture is 24 inches, what size bulb should I buy? For example, my current fixture is 20 inches, but the bulb I have in it is 18 inches.
I have a 20 gal. long tank. do i need to mount this inside the tank or over the metal cover?
working 220V or 110V?
Will this bulb fit the Zilla Slimline 18 inch fixture?
This isn't stricktly a Desert bulb?
ave both Chinese Water DragonBearded Dragon that share a basking spot. Can I still use the 10.0 UVB fluorescent bulb for both reptiles in Reptisun Hood?
Look'n to replace fluorescent T8 UVB bulb on 20" Zoo Med Reptisun Hood. Do I use the 18" bulb shown here?
I have a cage size of 18 x 18 x 36-Inches would this Bulb give enough UVB for my jackson chameleon triceratops?
made in CHINA?Germany?OR USA?
Is this a good ball for guinea pigs?
Does it have a bell inside?
Guinea pigs? Would this be ok for guinea pigs as well as rabbits?
Is this ball hallow or solid?
can I give this to my chinchillas
Does it say where these are made?
Why cant I ship this to me? I'm in California
How many outlet does it have?
does it come with a hose? or is a that a separate purchase?
Besides the lower price what's the difference between this non-UL and the regular UL pump?
Is there such a thing as going to big with an air pump? i have a 55 gallon tank and curious if i should buy the 100 gallon pump, just in case..?
Just want to verify, the 40-60 gallon model# 77854 has 1 or 2 outlets?
Can this be installed below the tank?? Or does it have to sit above the tank? I am also buying a non-return check valve if that makes a difference.
I have a 55 gal, tank but I am only wanting this for a air stone. Do I need the larger one for my tank or would a 10 gallon work for the air stone?
what is the voltage?
How many outlets this 60-gallon pump has?
is the 60 gallon pump good enough for a 55 gallon 20 inches tall?
I have a 55 gallon tank. I currently use the disposable cartridges. What do you put in these, Carbon, padding, both?
I'll be using two of these, and two disposable .Does it matter which is in front and which is in back? Is this overkill?
Will Fluval Bio rings or Bio media fit in this Cartridge? Looks Too Thin.
I notice a lot of reviewers say they rinse the cartridges off in tank water. WHY? Why not tap water,and how long can you keep tank water sitting around just for rinsing?
I currently use the disposable cartridges. Are the refillable ones used to replace them, or used in addition to them?
I would like to put very small Fluval Bio Rings in this. I'm just wondering will they fit? I can't find a picture of the inside of this cartridge.
Why is my Bio Wheel is not turning.. I lubricated the Impeller, thinking that would help. Tried using 2 Media Bags. Won't move.
Is this wide enough to hold Fluval bio rings?
I was wondering do any of you put these in media bags to help the carbon stay in the filter? I noticed that when I filled it alot came out.
Hi, my Penguin tank fits size C filter cartridge ( 7"x7"). But the cartridge media refill 's Dimensions: 7" x 11". Why?
Can I use this for making compost tea?
Does this pump come with tubing? Or will I need to purchase extra?
batteries
What diameter tube does this require?
How is an air pump used and is it necessary if you have a filter?
Most say that its extremely quite, but I what I hear is constant loud buzzing noise. Is it how all air pumps are?
Is this a submersible pump?
Does this include tube
What is the PSI generated?
What is included in the box?
Starmark Treats: I want to know if these treats are made in China?
The measurements say 4x1x7. Cant be, What are real measurements?
Is this treat suitable for a 100 lb Rottweiler, an agressive chewer, to say the least.
the ball itself STINKS. Is that normal? Is it harmful?
Has anyone noticed that the ball smells like mothballs?
I have a 15 pound cockapoo, what size should I get?
I only recieved one everlasting treat. Who do I contact?
Wow, just found these and my dog needs them. She is aging and can't hold her pee. I want to buy this but am curious about when she goes #2. Is there a hole for that or does that stay in the diaper too? Sorry for the gross question, but trying to figure...
Can make dogs where these?
My English Bulldog weighs 45 pounds with 27 inch waist but previous diaper for waist size was too small; any suggestions on size?
how many in package please.
My dog's bum "leaks" #2 nuggets in his sleep. He is a 65lb Aussie (no tail). Will the tail hole in this product be positioned so they can fall out?
for 25 pounds what size do I have to use?
Seems very useful but is there more colors?
I have a male welsh cardigan corgi who is EXTREMELY long and weighs about 45 lbs. He measures a 30 in waist. What size should I use?
Can this work for a Great Dane?
Does this work to deter dog from crapping in house ?
Directions say shake, move a piece then spraying. Anyone had trouble with being able to spray it quickly?
I hope that I don't have to use it but how long can I keep a bottle?
can this be used on couches?
Does it come with a belt clip?
It appears this unit is not anti-bacterial. Anyone else having issues with bacteria growth?
is it easy to clean?
What colors does it come in?
Is the water dish on the 192 oz model large enough for big dog's snout?
Can the cats break into it?
I want a CAT feeder that allows the kibble (Purina Cat Chow) to flow FREELY in the tray. I've had several, but the food gets stuck. Will this one do what I want?
Is this for food or water? Or can be used for both?
Can the food holder be removed from the base for easy washing and does it come with a lid so you can take it on the road?
Is it two or just one?
How many pounds of food will this feeder hold?
What is the height of this product??
Do you fill this though the top or does the container remove from it's base?
What is the distance range to work effectively
Does this thing work through doors/walls? Our cats wake us up every morning at 5am and I would love to just press a button from my bed to shush them
What type of battery is needed..? How long is battery good for..? I realize it would be based on useage..but is it ok to leave batt in product for a
When we have someone come to our house, our dog jumps all over them (she also jumps on people when I'm out walking with her); will this device work?
Does this work with cats?
can I use any 9 volt battery or does it have to be alkaline? I am changing the battery
Will it stop a dog from leaving an area that is not fenced in?
I received this, pointed the silver disc towards my barking dog &amp; pressed the button, but he didn't respond even when I got up close to him. What am I doing wrong???
what is the effective range of the device.?
what does the pet agree do, stop barking, stay in the yard?
My dog door info is worn so I don't know the brand. I think it's you. The opening is 11.5" x 17". What dog door flap should I buy? Thank for your help
I can't find the size for the large door?
Would this flap fit a Dogwalk/PetCorps thru the wall door? I think they might be out of business. Is the attachment mechanism standard?
large flap dimensions
My dog's current collar is 17 1/2 inches long. Will this collar be too big for her?
what are the size ? I have 2 American Pit Bulls and both weight 70-80 pounds
Are they reflective at night?
The picture of the bottles is in a foreign language. Where is the shampoo produced?
Is this the tropical scent? It does not say so in description. I do not want tropical scented.
what is the fragrance of the shampoo?
what are all the ingredients?
The description says this dilutes 7:1, but the bottle doesn't say anything about that. Does it actually dilute or is it meant to be used straight?
Is this product suitable for cats too?
I have a igloo outside with straw in it for my feral kitty. Do I remove the straw and put the pad on bottom of igloo
Can I put a fleece cat bed on top of it and cat will still get warmed and safe outside in cat house?
Can you place the pad on wheat straw or polystyrene? I am going to use it in an insulated outdoor cat house for a feral cat.
Dimensions? Does anyone know the dimensions of the bed sold here?
What is the difference between this product and the "Lectro-Soft" model other than the fact that this one in hard and the other is soft?
I would like to use it in a doghouse that I have on my deck - the deck is open with no roof. I am concerned about the cord getting wet. Suggestions
what is the wattage? is it model 1010
Does this only heat (and draw power) when cat is on it? Or does it heat continuously?
Does it only turn on when the cat lays on it?
Is it the best choice for indoor use?
Can I shorten the length of the cable? My trees are btween 50-100ft apart.
Should I buy this and then buy a stronger tie-out since my dog is 80 lbs?
My post and tree and 105' apart. What's the best way to extend the line, buy an additional piece of cable? I know the run wouldn't continue, that's ok
Would this be strong enough for a pitbull? around 90 pounds?
I don't have trees in the area for this up in the air. Could the cable be attached to ground stakes and allow the dog the same freedom to run?
how long is the down line that comes with the 100ft system?
What diameter is the cable?
can i add an extra 50ft cable to be attached to the 100ft??
About how much will it cost per MONTH to run 24/7?
Do you think this would work to heat up an area of a large parrot cage where a cockatiel could snuggle up to it for added warmth?
I want to purchase the large pet bed warmer, but it is slightly longer than my cat's bed. Is it soft enough so that I can bend one side up the bed?
Can this be used for an outdoor cat house?
Can anyone tell me how long it will stay on before it shuts off? Or does it stay on until you cut if off?
I want to use this for a small pet and I'm just wondering if anybody knows if it gets hot enough to melt the bottom of his plastic cage?
Don't laugh! I'm wondering if this can be used as a warmer for making homemade yogurt?
Is there a fuse or anything to protect from short circuits if it gets wet?
What cover offered on amazon would fit this?
Why can't you use extension cord
Pet storage containers: On the Vittles Vault II 40 Pound Clear Base Cranite Top pet storage does it have wheels?
Is this 24" from floor to top of lid, or floor to top of main container?
I like to keep the food in the bag it comes in and put that in the container. For 24-30 lb bags, would that work with the shape of this container?
Does it hold a 30 pound bag of Nutro Natural Choice dog food?
I'm looking for one handed opening bulk food storage for things like flour and sugar. Would this container hold a 50 pound bag?
Why are you charging so much more for this product? I originally paid $23 and not its $33. Found it at another website for $18..not paying $33.
i want to make sure my dog can lie down inside. what is the length of the inside? (my dog is about 29 inches long (not including tail)
could 3 small dogs fit?
would a 1-lb overweight poochon fit if i didnt close the top?
good for cats? Mine have nails and go out only to the vets, one at a time, so not happy. How strong is netting on front and sides?
I have 2 small Maltese: one is 6lbs. the other is 6+lbs. Will the size of this stroller fit both? Does this stroller come in a larger size?
I have a 4 lb maltese and a 9 lb maltese. Can both of them ride in this stroller?
what is the weight of this stroller? thank you
Are the Handels adjustable to hight, I am 5 ft tall
I want a stroller for my ferrets. They weigh around 2 to 3lbs each. Since ferrets are escape artist are there any gaps they could squeeze out of?
Is the shade on top by cup holders and tray removable? or can you fold it in?
For the 3 gallon waterer how deep is the bowl (where the dogs drink from) ?
can you get your hand inside the water container to clean it?
What is the actual color of this product?
is this just a water feeder or food also
I see a cap with a "stopper" for the water bottle. Does it clog? Does it have to remain in plce to work?
what keeps the water bowl from overfilling?
does it work ok outside
Will a standard 2 1/2 gallon water jug fit on this if/when the included jug needs replacing?
I'm having surgery and can't bend over. Can water be added using the top, i.e. lid instead of putting water in and flipping it over? Pros and cons
Is the actual bowl large enough that a large dog could comfortably drink from it?
would it fit a gold retriever weighing 90 poungs?
What size would fit an Australian Shepard that weighs about 80 pounds?
Does it come with the leash? If so how long is the leash?
Would this harness fit a Pug???
Sizing
Can it fit a great dane?
what happened to the premier harness? is the pet safe the same? did they change brand name?
Recommendation for a lab puppy? Can anyone recommend a good no pull harness/collar for a lab?
What size should I buy?
What size for a 70 lb boxer?
Does this harness affect the way the dog walks? I want him to be able to run with it on, and don't want him to heel just because he's "forced" to.
how to put on dog?
Does this train the dog so eventually he/she would walk politely with just a normal collar or is just correcting and they would wear it for life?
Can this be worn around the clock, or is it more just for walking on leash?
My bullmastiff looks like dog on package. Still pulls hard sometimes, not like before &amp; cuts him a bit under his front leg - ideas?
Do these harnesses work with leash couplers used for walking two dogs?
I have a shar pei pitbull mix puppy. She is 5 months weighs about 25 pounds. Would a medium size be suitable for her
Recommendation for a lab puppy? Can anyone recommend a good no pull harness/collar for a lab?
What size should I buy?
What size for a 70 lb boxer?
Does this harness affect the way the dog walks? I want him to be able to run with it on, and don't want him to heel just because he's "forced" to.
how to put on dog?
Does this train the dog so eventually he/she would walk politely with just a normal collar or is just correcting and they would wear it for life?
Can this be worn around the clock, or is it more just for walking on leash?
My bullmastiff looks like dog on package. Still pulls hard sometimes, not like before &amp; cuts him a bit under his front leg - ideas?
Do these harnesses work with leash couplers used for walking two dogs?
I have a shar pei pitbull mix puppy. She is 5 months weighs about 25 pounds. Would a medium size be suitable for her
My dogs are 50 &amp; 70 lbs...will this collar fit them?
Can you take the receiver off this collar and put it on another collar? (the dog's main, more attractive collar)..
I have 3 dogs can they all use the same unit if they each have a collar?
Dog collars: Are these collars too powerful for a ten pound dachshund?
can these be used for cats as well?
Are there any collars for small breed like a 7 pound yorkie?
Is the the collar for IF-100 Petsafe units?
IS BATTERY RECHARGEABLE
Will this collar work with the G402855 model?
If I order this collar (replacement) it will be my 3rd in 2 years. How long should I expect them to last?
can you give me length of the extension cord?
My bowl arrived marked "Display" and did not have any instructions. I wanted to know if I could use the bowl outside in an uncovered/unprotected area
Can you use this to keep food from freezing outdoors? I have 2 outdoor cats I care for.
Does it just automatically turn on? I have not found a switch or anything.
Could you tell me the size please. Allied Plastic Heated Pet Bowl, 1-Quart
Is this a very hard plastic? My dogs will eat it as a chew toy otherwise.
I have to use an extension cord. I tried w/ a typical outdoor cord but it didnt work. All connections were sealed but didn't turn on. Recommendations?
Can you put an extension cord on this?
It says that there is a thermostat but I can't find any information when the thermostat turns it on or off?
My bowl arrived with no instructions or info - can I leave it plugged in 24/7 ? outside with no protection from the elements ? thanks in advance
What are the dimensions of this door? Or, what is the pound limit that is recommended?
can you install it in a metal garage door
Is the flap frosted or clear?
What are the dimensions of this cat flap? We currently have a very old Staywell 4 way cat door which is, after many years, totally shot. Would this one fit into the same hole in the door? Also, is this one better or worse than the Staywell?
What is 4 way locking? Can it be set to open only in one direction?
Will my 18 pound cat fit through this door? Is it big enough for a cat of that size?
How quiet is this door? Unfortunately it's going right outside my bedroom and I keep my door open at night so that my cat can go in and out.
will it work in door 1 1/2 inch thick door ?
What are the dimensions of the hole that actually needs to be cut in the door for it to fit? I know the dimensions of the cat door are 5.75" x 6".
how thick of door does it fit in
How many cans do you get for $16.99?
What is the expiration date on the $16.99 venison and duck can food?
What is the shelf life of this food?
where is the product made?
is this product made directly by Dick Patton Natural Balance or is it a "knockoff". dog hyperallergic. Has to be what it says.
what is the fat content as my dogs need loe fat diet
Is the venison and sweet potato formula soupy or more of a ground beef sort of texture?
odor prood or not?
How Many cans do you get with the 13oz can- one title says 12X 13 the other says nothing? ....way to expensive if only one can.
Do these cans have a pull-ring top? Or do you need to use a can opener?
Can this be used on leather?
does this work to eliminate sweat odors from clothes and gym equipment??
What is the difference if any with the regular Zero Odor product?
I have a dog that seem to pee on the carpet. Can I use this solution inside my carpet cleaner?
Can this be used in a birdcage? Thank you for your help.
Could someone who has purchased and uses the product tell me how it's used. I need to get some to remove cat urine odor from a sleeping bag. Thanks!
Does this work on the smell of cigarettes?
Is this an ezymatic cleaner to break down odor smells? or does it just mask odors?
Has anyone used this on carpeting as a general deodorizer? Can it be put in a carpet cleaning machine?
Will this rid strong attic odors in older homes and does it need sprayed on a regular basis to keep odor away?
Does the Bubbler use a filter ? I don't see any mention of one. Thanks.
What is the Volume Capacity of the Water Container/Dispenser?
Is it quite? I have a small house &amp; the one I got before was way too loud.
how long is the cord on the bubbler?
Hello. About how long does your cat, on average, "adjust" to drinking from this? One day, two days? Thank you!
Would this be large enough to accommodate a large breed dog? We have a Great Dane.
I lost the small piece that provides the air into the water for bubbles. How do I replace it? (It should come with extras).
mine died after 6 months, what is the warranty?
How easy is this fountain to clean and how often does it need cleaning (typically)?
I have a 16# bichon frise and I feed him his meal in dispensing toys to slow him down. Would the small or medium be better for 1/3 cup of kibble?
After you cut out the tabs at the opening, do they make their tongue sore from hitting them though? Because the hole won't be as smooth with the nubs
Where is it made? Is the material non-toxic?
Just got the medium size for my 30 # Cocker, it has the strongest perfumey odor, tried soaking it, washed with soap &amp; can smell it on my hands too?
Would Cheerios or other treats fit in here, or do you Busy Buddy brand treats?
My dog is 20 lbs and a gentle chewer... would you recommend the small or the medium?
Can you freeze this toy like Kong and is it easy to wash?
Does this have any advantages over a Kong? Trying to decide between the two.
Does this toy have a squeaker in it at all?
I have a 16# bichon frise and I feed him his meal in dispensing toys to slow him down. Would the small or medium be better for 1/3 cup of kibble?
After you cut out the tabs at the opening, do they make their tongue sore from hitting them though? Because the hole won't be as smooth with the nubs
Where is it made? Is the material non-toxic?
Just got the medium size for my 30 # Cocker, it has the strongest perfumey odor, tried soaking it, washed with soap &amp; can smell it on my hands too?
Would Cheerios or other treats fit in here, or do you Busy Buddy brand treats?
My dog is 20 lbs and a gentle chewer... would you recommend the small or the medium?
Can you freeze this toy like Kong and is it easy to wash?
Does this have any advantages over a Kong? Trying to decide between the two.
Does this toy have a squeaker in it at all?
I have a 16# bichon frise and I feed him his meal in dispensing toys to slow him down. Would the small or medium be better for 1/3 cup of kibble?
After you cut out the tabs at the opening, do they make their tongue sore from hitting them though? Because the hole won't be as smooth with the nubs
Where is it made? Is the material non-toxic?
Just got the medium size for my 30 # Cocker, it has the strongest perfumey odor, tried soaking it, washed with soap &amp; can smell it on my hands too?
Would Cheerios or other treats fit in here, or do you Busy Buddy brand treats?
My dog is 20 lbs and a gentle chewer... would you recommend the small or the medium?
Can you freeze this toy like Kong and is it easy to wash?
Does this have any advantages over a Kong? Trying to decide between the two.
Does this toy have a squeaker in it at all?
Our Standard Poodle is 7 months old and has a 13.5" neck. Should we order the Large collar?
Will this fit my pitbull
can this be used on a Sharpei?
I have a medium sized dog. Is it possible to buy a large collar and then take some links out to adjust for size?
length of the large size?
My usual metal prong is irritating and creating sores on my pitbulls sensitive neck. Is this better for sensitive skin?
I bought the small collar thinking it would fit my 14 in neck brittany and it didnt. Should we buy the add links or buy the large collar altogether?
Does anyone use it for white dog? Does it stains?
Some reviewers mentioned that some come with an extra safety collar - what is this? And how do I differentiate which versions come with or without it?
I'm thinking the large might be to big to start with. Is it easy to take links off to make it smaller and then add them back as the dog grows?
Does anyone know the dimensions of the small? I'm trying to see if it will fit in my cupboard. Thanks!
Are these stackable?
I buy my dog food in 15 lb bags. Does anyone know if the Gamma2 Vault 15 will actually hold 15 lbs of dog food?
Do you store pet food in its original bag inside this container? Or just pour it out into the Vittles Vault?
Does the 15 lb. container come with a one cup scoop?
I'm reading mixed reviews about whether 15lbs fits. Does anyone use this with Orijen cat food? Does the whole 15 bag of Orijen fit in this container?
would this item work for storing dry goods like flour or sugar? (Maybe if kept in a sealed bag)? I am thinking for prepping purposes.
Is it dishwasher safe?
Does anyone know if this vault will stack (securely) on top of the 60# one? I would like to get the small one to keep my dogs' treats in. Thank you!
Will the 15 pound size really hold 15 pounds of dog dood?
- What are the dimensions of this item?
What are the dimensions?
How many inches is it and would you reccomend it?
What is the max cat weight?
Why is this carrier described as "specifically for cats"?
Spacious enough for an 11-pound cat (can stand and turn around, etc)? Sounds like some people find it flimsy and don't trust the plastic twist locks--can you speak to that? Thanks!
Is the top door hard to keep open while inserting an overweight cat?
What happens if I put the collar 24-7 on my cat??
I have two dogs - what do I need to do to have this work on both of them?
can the disk be horizontal? I'd like to afix it under my dining room table
How long do the batteries typically last?
is it for out doors
Can one collar work with multiple "zone stations"? (I want to keep our dogs out of the family room and the baby's nursery.)
I need a definitive answer on whether this is good for cats, or not.
Will you be able to eventually stop using this and the pet will still avoid the area?
How can I get a replacement for the battery door? Mine fell off within a week after first use and is lost. It doesn't screw it tightly as it should.
My cat, 17 pounds, doesn't even react to the shock and beeps! Like there is nothing! Am I doing something wrong? How tight must the collar be?
is this good for a chincilla
Does this come with a stand?
what kind of wheel do you recommend for a hedgehog???
Will this be to big or too small for a syrian hamster?
Is 6.5 inch one too small for a syrian hamster?
Can this be used in an aquarium habitat or does it need bars to attach to?
How wide is the track portion of the wheel?
Would this be a good size for a sugar glider?
Will this wheel work for rats?
Anyone know if you can buy replacement parts?
I see both positive and negative comments. If this product doesn't work, is there a warranty?
What if you have 2 dogs? Will the 2nd dog hear the tone?
Both my dogs act alarmed when I use Positive. When I use Negative, they're fine. Circuits reversed???
What is the distance that it will work at?
Will this work through ceiling rafters? My upstairs neighbors cats like to run back and forth late at night which keeps me awake.
Does anyone use this in rooms where there is also a baby monitor? We wouldn't want to cause any feedback/interference that would wake up the kids.
i have a doberman or a large dog , any one with results with a large dog using the device l.d.g. atlanta , ga
will this stop from jumping a fence
will i t work on a 5lb dog?
What size battery for the transmitter? The 23A 12v batteries seem too "skinny" for it.
how do i reprogram the remote and collar. I lost the dvd and directions
Is it true that purchasing this collar through Amazon voids the warranty?
what size batteries for collar?
I have a Doskocil Sky Kennel 400P. What size door do I need? Do you have it in stock?
I have a medium Furrari crate, red and tan. Where do I find a replacement door?
i have a remington ra40 kennel will this fit .. i am unsure if it is the large or xlarge?
I have a large Retriever carrier Does it fit
I have a Pet Champion Kennel that I bought at Wal-Mart. Number PTPC42INH. I will send measurements, will your door fit?
I have a Deluxe Vari Kennel Doskocil Large and need a door. Ordered 1 but doesn't fit--what do I need
i have a petco 800 series kennel will this or any of your products fit it
I believe I have a exlarge remington kennel and need a door. What size door would I order?
I need the door that is pictured on the right with the round turn latch. How do I specify that door?
I have a petmate pet porter large do you have a gate that will fit
How do you measure girth? Is strictly across or around?
Will this properly fit dogs with only one front leg, or will it be too loose and therefore ineffective?
My dog is border line in weight. He weighs 55 pounds. Shall I purchase the med or large? I am thinking that a snugger fit is better.
My dog pants, shakes while in the car seat when we drive on the freeway. Will this help?
hello - I have a normal size boxer with a chest size of 30" (at the largest part) what size is recommended?
what is in the set and are there directions on how to train the dog?
You say you don't ship outside the US. Alaska is a state in the US so why do you refuse to ship to Alaska?
i want to know if they shipp it to europe hungary do somebody know it ??thank you
Does this work for small dogs
What is the difference in contents between the Kyjen dog agility starter kit and the Kyjen dog agility set?
Do the poles/ jump stand up on their own, or do they have to be stuck into the ground?
Is the jump adjustable? If not what is the diameter of the poles?
How many feet/inches long is the tunnel?
Is there no bottom to the funhouse? If placed on grass, will cats be directly on the grass?
Will the cats sharp claws rip the mesh screen?
can this be set up to work with a cat door so cats can come and go on their own?
How is this item secured to the ground so they don't tip it over?
Has anyone had trouble with the zippers? I have one that the zippers do not stay closed. They pull apart and the cats get out.
What are the dimensions of the funhouse?
Will the cats sharp claws rip the mesh screen?
How many cats would comfortably stay in this funhouse at one time? I own 3 cats....
Does this item come with the comfort pad or do you have to purchase separately?
Has anyone had any issues with fleas, when allowing their cats to be outdoors in the funhouse?
Would love to mount this on the side of my couch. Has anyone tried that and if so, how?
how high is it?
how tall is it?
I'm moving into a home with several wooden support posts that are going to be like cat bait for scratching. Will this mount securely to prevent that?
I have a Shih Tzu that loves to rub his back on things, no allergies or fleas, just a bad habit. I was wondering if this would work for him?
How easy is it to attach to wood work..
Can it be freestanding?
Can my cat use first one side, and then the other side of the scratcher? I'd like to flip it over after the first side is worn out.
I have two of these and my cats love them! Is it possible to get replacements for the woven sisal once it's worn out?
Hi, Does this contain any catnip or catnip powder? So hard to find products that don't! Thx.
Does each bottle come with a holder to attach the bottles to a wire cage (i.e. are there six holders as well as six bottles in the 6-pack package) ?
has anyone used this large size nipple/bottle successfully with MICE. I dont want to kill my mice experimenting.
can mice drink from these?
Would this work for an iguana?
Are the hammocks sturdy enough for cats over 10 lbs.?
Can you attach this to a cat door going to the outdoors?
What is the netting made of? Could a cat claw through it? Thank you.
If your cat is in penthouse how do you get him out? Are there side doors?
I'd like to set this up at a kitchen window. If I cut a hole in the netting the same size as the window, any idea how I could secure the opening?
how to assemble kittywalk
What type of fencing in it ? Rubber? Wire? Cloth?
Do your pets start going where they weren't supposed to once this is removed?
Can this device be attached to curtains, or a shade?
Has anyone had success keeping a dog off the couch
Would it work to prevent a small 10 lb. dog from getting on the dining table?
How long does this device make noise until it stops?
Will this work on stairs?
Cat is peeing on my rug by the back door. Thinking about getting this to prevent marking. Will it work? Also how far is range before it goes off?
My dogs have recently started peeing on the rug underneath my dining room table. Would this be of use to keep them off a rug in a dining area ?
How many batteries are required?
battery included?
Is it infinitely adjustable, or does it adjust in increments? Is it easy to move, if I don't want to step over it?
baby
will this work for shiba inu dogs range from 18lbs to 27lbs then i have a mixed shiba who's 44lbs but he's 16yrs weill this work for them?
I wanted to know the approximate weight and how hard it would be to push over by a 10 lb dachshund?
what is the distance between bars
To go through the gate is it only right to left or vice versa moving the sides or is there a middle
What is the height
how wide is this?
How heavy is this gate?
How tall is this gate? I'm looking for something free standing to put at the top of our stairs to keep the cats from going up there.
Can this be used as a washable pee pad for a 80lb dog?
what size is it ?
what is the size
My door is not solid. What about hollow doors, does the brush fill in the space between the two sides of the door?
Can fat cats fit through? My cat is a bit bigger than the kitty in the picture, maybe 12 lb?
Is this model white or a wood color?
Once installed, are the brushes easily removed for cleaning?
Will it work for a 9 LB chihuahua?
I have a very large fat cat, about 20 pounds. Will this door fit him?? What about moving the arch up a bit so the moulding isn't flush with the bottom to create a larger space?
How do I ensure I get the white color?
I have pretty big cat I think about 20 lbs will he be able to get through ok
Would this work on a louvered door?
If you install this in a hollow door, how much wiggle or flex or instability is added to the door after part of the botton frame has been cut out?
Where was this toy made? Some Orbee things say "made in USA" and some don't say where.
tell me the size
Is this squishy like the Orbee Tuff Luna ball or stiffer?
Does it Squeak?
want to view this Orbee Football
How do you know what size to buy? My dog is 38lbs.
it appears to be all plastic. are there any metal parts on the collar?
How do you wash the collars and harnesses?
is The medium is about 1 inch wide?
Does the collar seem balky? I have the harness and it is balking but I only use it for walking,. Also, how wide is it?
How wide is this collar?
Does anyone have a golden doodle that uses these collars? Wanted to see how it does with the curly/wavy hair
I have 3 cockatiels, would they fit in there? Separately of course?
where is the opening?
How wide is it?
What bottom color do you have for this item? Is it brown, white,or red? Can I pick the color that I want?
Could I use this as a 'no mess feeder'?
what is bottom dimension?
Is the top clear plastic?
wold it be ok for a canary?
will this bird bath work for a cockatiel?
can i use this for my sun conure
does it contain DMSO
Is this stuff hot? I like a good hot liniment...Thanks
active ingredients?
Could this liniment be used on humans. I have a lot
Has anyone reviewed this product that uses it for what it is made for?? Horses??
I'd like to get this for my arthritic dog. Is it non-toxic, in case she tried to lick the application spot?
CAN THIS BE USED FOR A DOG WITH HIP PROBLEM
can people use it
Does the product absorbine Veterinary Liniment Gel come shipped sealed and wrapped?
what is the active ingredient?
What is the net weight of each package? Photo shows 1 lb. package, but company has reduced package size.to 14oz.
Are these bags close to expiring? My guy goes through a bag every two weeks, so I need these to be good for the next couple months. Thanks!
Are these made in the US?
isthis 6 1lb bags?
What is it made of?
Can i use it on my Andis Clipper?
Can I use this on andis blades too?
Can I use this after using Clippercide, or any other brand of disinfectant spray, or just after using the Wahl spray?
How do I use this?
Is this only for trimmers taht you use on pets?
Can you use this on all trimmer brands(Remington,Phillips,Panasonic)?
can this be used on a sewing machine?
i bought a kindle a year ago and would like to order a book but they keep telling me i have no account????
This is a strange question but I have a real reason for asking it. What is the diameter (in inches) of this 4 oz. bottle? Thanks!
does anyone have a nice, neat way to dispense this product? Scooping it out of the jar has been messy for me,.
How much do you use in a washing machine to soak a 3x4 rug?
My mother made beautiful needlepoints and I heard/read that you use this to clean needlepoint, but how?
Does it take water spots off windows?
Hi, may i know if the product is in powder form or liquid form?
Could this stroller contain 2 16 pound terriers comfortable?
I need to replace the wheels and can't find suitable replacement wheels. Any suggestions?
I have a pit bull weights 45 lbs &amp; princess who is about 10 lbs my pit bull Jadeh is 8 yrs old &amp; princess is 12, will this stroller hold .
How can I get replacement wheels for my jogger? I have had mine for over 6 years and put many miles jogging with my best friend.
Is the handle adjustable? How far off the ground is the handle?
The wheels on my current pet stroller are noisy as they travel over sidewalk pavement. Are the wheels on this stroller noisy?
in case of emergency to evacuate by foot, would this be a good item to transport my cat?
how to take off rear wheels
Does the tires go flat?
Is the Diamond Plate ball more solid like a Kong ball or more compressible like the "Woof" ball?
Is this ball non toxic?
Dimensions say 8x8x8, but reviews reference a tennis-ball-like size. Which is this?
$42.62 ????? What is going on with the price? Been buying them for several years for about $11.00
is this a good size for small dog
How durable is it? Does this even stand a chance with him?
My dog is 35 pounds, and considered a medium size dog..she is a shetland sheep dog, probably about 2 feet long. Will she be able to lay down
Does this work well when traveling by air? I realize it does not have a removable carrier.
I'm 5'11 tall.. Is the handle high enough that I wouldn't have to bend over? Would I kick the stroller as I walk or run? Thanks!!
Are they front, rear or universal boots?
Do these boots have the piece on the inside that fits into the groove of the horses' leg or is the inside of the boot flat and smooth?
I am starting to jump my horse higher. Would these boots help with jumping?
How do you know which size to get?
does this set come with 2 or 4?
Danner 700 GPH with a !/2" outlet I need to to run a spitter fountain about 5 feet which is 28" what size pump will do the job can anyone help please what gph do I need.?
is this pump safe for use in salt water?
I need to run a UV light separate from the existing filter system. My pond is about 25,000 Gal. Would this pump do the trick? Thanks!
Is the pump equipped with a 6' grounded power cord, and does it have a foam pre-filter ?
will the Danner 02527 700 gph aerate the water as well. looking for a pump or a hydroponics pump that aerated the water with a gph rating over 400
I would like to place a pump above ground so it will be easy to access in cold weather if needed. Do you know if this pump is self-priming?
I'm desperately trying to find the RPM rating for this pump. Does anyone know it? Thank you!
I need a small pump it will not be under water it must have a head of 13 ft. will this pump work
What is the maximum operating temperature of this unit?
What dize is the intake and discharge?
Did you get the model just like the picture (Red and Yellow Box) or the newest model (blue and purple box)?
I bought this skimmer - 65 gallon version about 6 months ago and now it is not working. Does this have any sort of warranty?
will this be ok on a 55gal tank?
hello , what is voltage 220 v or 110 v ?
How tall is it.
is it quiet?
I am get no micro air bubbles from the start....help
is this ready to hang onto the back?
What is its footprint? I'm considering Eshopps sumps which have 10x10 or 12x11 skimmer box
does this come with hang on mounting bracket?
How does the hamster get into the wheel...all the photos look like it is hanging down without an opening from the tubes?
Does this work with a Ware cage?
Has anyone found a way to secure the tubes and look out tower part so that it does not just fall over?
can the wheel bee used outside of the cage connected from the tubes? If so do I need to get another T attachment?
What animals can fit in the tubes?
how big is the wheel?
Will this attach to the Hartz cage?
can syrian hamsters fit in the tubes
does the wheel attach to the actual tubes or just the cage itself
Is the wheel large enough for a Syrian? The one that came with his cage is too small for him and I was hoping this would be bigger.
is it safe considering it is made in China?
Where are these made?
Does anyone know the calories per treat?
Can I kick it without pain?
What is the diamater of this ball?
will it pop when the dog chews on it
What's up with the $6 jump in price? Was planning on purchasing until I saw the price jump. Let me know if it will be going back down please.
Is this product made in the United States? If not, what is the country origin?
Does it Squeak?
We live in the sand hills of SC. Does sand stick to the outside of this ball? The sands really stuck to the SOL ball.
The specs say the small measures 5 x 7 inches. Is this the opening dimensions or the overall dimensions?
Can I use this pet door in a wall?
Is the Flap of the Door loud? Our hole is 6.5" wide. Is that too wide for the 5x7 door?
What is the minimum door/panel thickness that the medium Ideal Pet door can be used in?
can this be installed in a hollow door? can the flap b locked closed when needed?
If the opening of the medium door is 7" x 11.25", how large is the entire door? Will it fit in a 8" x 12" opening?
does this include everything I need to install in an exterior door?
What is the measure of the hole needed for this door?
I want to install this one in an entrance door (principal door), can I?
How do I buy just the replacement flap for PPDXL please?
Is this type of bed good for older dogs with some arthritis? Has anyone whose dog has arthritis tried this and a memory foam bed?
Can the cover withstand chewing?
What's the size of the large fully assembled (width &amp; length) including the legs? In picture, legs seem to extend further out than just fabric area.
Is this good for a 10 week old chocolate lab puppy? Her padded bed has already been chewed up.
have a 90 to 95 lbs lab worried about his claws damaging the fabric. He is a outdoor dog there for i do not trim his nails.
Is a medium big enough for a bassett hound? She weighs about 65 lbs.
Anyone have issues with the space/gap in the corners? Can a dogs leg fall through it?
Does it rust if left outside?
Would the large be big enough for a 150+ pound great dane? I see posts about smaller danes, but am not sure if it'll be big enough.
Is the large bed big enough and sturdy enough for a great dane? He's about 130lb now, but still young and growing.
I have a 125lb mastiff, will this cage be big enough?
Does this have a metal or plastic bottom tray?
Can this crate handle a 60 pound german shepherd pup trying to escape?
is the crate itself made of metal?
is it strong enough to restrain an adult pit bull?
Is the XL crate (49.5 inches) large enough for a 150lbs Great Dane, or should I fork over the extra $50 for a 54 inch?
So this is a 49inch?
I bought this crate and it has held up quite well for the most part. However the hard plastic bottom has not. Can I replace ONLY the plastic bottom?
What are the dimensions for the X-Large? Is it the "49 inch L, 29 inch W, 32 inch H" or "29 x 32 x 29"?
Does this cage have a divider to make it smaller while they are puppies?
I have a boxer,, with anxiety I hope he won't get out. Is this crate very strong?
I want a crate for a 45lb Wheaton Terrier to set up and collapse on daily basis easily (less then 2 minutes). Is this product right for me?
Is the bottom tray plastic or metal?
Does this crate come with a divider?
Does the crate collapse for storage?
1. Is the lid water proof ? 2. Does the entire flap move in to allow the dog to eat.
We have a problem with magpies eating the dogfood. would this be difficult for a large bird to get into?
Can you use this for outside house cats? Or could I prop door open?
Does this keep small criters out such as racoons and squirrels?
How does the food come out so the dogs get fed?
Does this product have to be mounted on a wall or can it be free-standing?
what are the dimensions?
Could this be mounted to inside of an outdoor dog kennel? Welded wire style...or chain link?
Is there a way to tie back the food door so its open all the time? I don't have a problem with birds and it will be on a covered porch...
will this work for medium sized cats?
I've heard there is an AC adapter available. Where can I buy it? Has anyone figured this out?
Any limits on size of dry food bits? The Aspen Le Bistro Portion-Control Automatic Pet Feeder won't work with pieces smaller than 1/2"
Portions too big: Has anyone come up with a solution to prevent too much food dropping but without jamming it?
new version?
Does the lid screw on tightly? Does it screw on, and in your opinion do you think a cat could paw at it and unscrew it?
Hopper can be tipped over??? Am I just using it wrong???
what's the power supply of this product? Is it somewhere around 10 watts? 110V ~ 220V range?
Low battery light came on a few days ago. Put in new batteries. Light wont go off, display won't work. Unit less than a month old. Any ideas??
Double portion served: Has anyone had the problem of the feeder dropping two servings in a row?
Digging Dog: Does anyone have an idea on how to stop this behavior?
Could you please tell me what the ingredients are?
what is the difference from ut strengh chews 60 count and the stat in the bottle90 count a lot cheaper?
Thanks for answering the first question....one other question... Is it made in the USA?
what is the calorie count for each piece?
Do your treats smell awful?
are they made in america
grain free?
IS IT VEGAN ?
Are these 50mg? That is what my vet recommended!
Does this work better than the ones with cranberry and d-mannose?
When I read reviews for this product I saw either comments for female dogs or no gender. Does it work on male dogs?
Wouldn't ingredients be different for a male dog? i.e. testosterone related vs. estrogen related?
Is this Phenylpropanolamine? What is the strength?
Is this for the new and improved cage? The new one has a spring lock ect.
Is there somewhere where I can buy just a part? I broke the roof top.
Do you half to buy the removable trays?
will my dwarf hamster be able to break out of this cage? or is a dwarf hamster to small to be able to break out?
Is it easy to clean?
big enough for syrian hamsters?
What about the teddy bear hamsters? Will they be comfy?
Why is amazon saying people by the battery along with the collar, this is rechargeable, the battery cannot be replaced, correct?
Is there a vibration option on this collar?
My collar battery is not holding a charge very well anymore. Can the battery be swapped out or do they sell a replacement for the collar only?
I have a Dane,dose anyone have a Dane &amp; this work for them(my concern is thier size 180+lbs.)
I have an Akita with a VERY thick coat. I am NOT going to trim the fur around her neck. Will this work through thick fur?
Does anyone know which charger goes with this collar? I lost mine and really need to replace
Does this have an auto-off feature, if it does how do you turn it on again?, how long does it take? Thank you
It is possible to use outside US. In EU countries? 220V power supply of course with reduction..
House Dog: Can I use this item to train my house dog, she is small se weighs about 10 lbs?
Has anyone tried this with an older dog? I rescued a 2 year old dog who was a Death Row Dog at the NYC-ACC Shelter in Manhattan. This is a kill shelter. The dog was found abused and abandoned on the mean streets of Manhattan Center. She does not sleep...
Can you heat the packs up without a microwave?
Should I purchase additional heat packs for use with a new lab puppy, or will the rice bag suffice?
Where do the heat packs go? Is there a pouch within the puppy that you place the warmers?
My new puppy (Newfoundland) will have a plane ride to get from the breeder to me. Is it safe for the puppy to fly with, unsupervised ?
What is the difference between the Snuggle Puppy and the Heartbeat Puppy?
the product says it comes with a disposable and reusable warmer. Is the bag suppose to be what they call the "reusable" warmer?
Is this (Snuggle Puppy) made in the USA?
How durable is this? I already ordered it but I would put money down that it doesn't help my dog and all she does it destroy it - any thoughts ?
I would love it if you made one for cats. My cat has separation anxiety. Or do you make on for dogs that is on the small side?
Does it stay upright on carpet or does it get knocked over easy?
Does the ball on the bottom rack make a sound when it is set in motion?
What is the size of the ball in the outer ring?
how big is it
is this good for an older lazy cat?
Where is this toy made?
Is this one the Large 35x35? Nowhere states the size or dimensions.
The dimentions listed were for the small 28x28 and the larger 35x35, I need the small size but there is no place to check off the size wanted. How do
What are the dimensions of this item?
ferrett
Can you use this cage for chinchilla's? Is there a lot of plastic they can chew?
Would it be good for a hedgehog?
is this big enough for 2 fancy rats?
Do you have the option to separately purchase additional pieces - say if something were to happen to one of the levels or ramps?
What is the bar spacing?
I'm needing new shelves and ramps, I have fancy rats in my cage. Is there somewhere I can get replacements?
How big is the bar spacing?
Would this work for my 2 bunnies and would it attach to the Super Pet Pet-N-Playpen for Rabbit, Guinea Pig and Ferret
Have one Ferret almost full grown will he fit in this cage
Do they break easily? One reviewer states that her kitten ingested pieces of the plastic. This suggests that they must break easily.
how do they work - pat
What are the length and diameter of the springs?
There are 10 to a pack, and we are purchasing 2 packs? Am I reading that right?
Can you shipping to Hong Kong?
It's been over 3 weeks now and shows it's in stock. When are you going to ship it?
Does it say where these were made?
What makes this toy "ethical"? It still looks like cheap plastic from China.
As of 8/4/13 are these made of plastic (as it states) or metal as customers have received? Thank you
Are Feliway refills and "Comfort Zone with Feliway" the same??
Do these refills work with the Comfort Zone diffusers?
My indoor cat has started spraying. A new.cat has moved in next door that he sees in garden will delineate help?
how many do you need in a house?
The Feliway 48-Milliliter Plug-In Refills, 6 Refills. Do we get one Plug in device and six refills- it says Plug-in Refills. I'm confused.
Are these compatible with the Adams brand diffusers sold at other stores?
does this really work for cat spraying in one spot?
Many of these reviews are for houses with one or two cats. I have four cats, will I need to implement multiple diffusers?
How long should these refills last? My diffuser is only a month old, but the refill only lasted 2 WEEKS. Is this normal?
I have a 9 week old kitten, he likes to jump on the furniture which could potentially put punctures into it. Could this help?
how tall is it?
How tall is each step? My 20 year old cat has decided a 4 step unit I got had steps that were just too tall for her.
How tall is it?
I have a mini weiner dog &amp; a new bed that is 36" high. Does anyne know if these are at least 32" high?
How big is a serving size?
Is this supposed to liq brow and oily? I took the tube and mashed it around and it did finally come out as a paste. My puppy didn't like the taste at
what is the difference between this nutri-cal and the nutri-cal in the orange tube...I read they were made in the same lab, but that is all i know...
ingredients
why is there no instructions or description for use? kinda important to know dont ya think? :(
Will the fogger cover 2 floor given total sq. footage is under 2000 square feet?
Is this a package of three (3) 3oz cans with a total price of 6.95 as the packaging suggests!
is this a 3-pack?
Does each can cover 6000 cubic feet or all three?
Can these be used under a pier and beam home. This is where I think the fleas are coming in from-
How long do I wait to vacuum afterwards?? Right away or give it a day, two, week? I see the instructions to vacuum before.
is this three 3 oz cans or what. How long does delivery take?
is this product effective against bird mites
is this aerosol and can it be shipped
what is the different between the FieldTrainer SD-400 and FieldTrainer SD-400S
Does this collar have a vibrate mode or just shock?
Does this item come with charger?
WARNING: Amazon says nothing about the warranty on this product, product reviewer say a lifetime warranty, and the box says ONLY A 2 YEAR WARRANTY?
I have a small dog, big pain in the butt kinda dog but we love him. Need to find a dog shock collar for his size 15LBS. Will this fit his size?
Is there an automatic bark control or is all done by remote. We have a dog that barks all the time and jumps the fence
Is this collar water proof?
does it automatically power off?
Is the charger included??
How does a single remote work with two collars for multi dog training?
Why my dogs &amp; my friends and my other family member's dogs will sniff them &amp; walk away refusing to eat them-hard to believe these 5 stars?
how many bags are contained in the $15 price tag? how many sticks are there for $15 ??
Where are these made and are ingredients from USA? I know they are distributed out of California, but actual ingredients from where?
How many K/cal calories are in ea. treat? I have small &amp; lrg. peanut butter &amp; sm. &amp; large chicken?. Thank you
Are these soft and chewy? Can someone tell me about these?
Newman's Own&reg; Organics Dog Treats for Medium Size Dogs: What happened to all these treats?
how do you know what size?
I have two shiatsus and I want the right blade to give them a 1/2 inch trim all over and do I need to use a guard over the blade too and if so what sz
what is the difference between a 7 blade and 7f blade?
What size blade gives a 1/2 inch cut?
I have an austrailan sheperd that has thick hair. what would you use to get close for a summer cut. She also has matts under her `ears
It asks that you choose a size....what size would fit an oster A5 clipper?
What size blade to get a 1/4 inch haircut for my retriever?
It asks to choose a size in mm, i.e. .8, 3.2, 6.3mm--which size is appropriate for A5 clipper?
what is size difference in refrence to?
I would like to clip my Golden Retrievers to 1/2 what blade and guard do u suggest?
what size blade do i need to leave my dogs hair 1and1half inches long or longer
Was this "Oster Cryogen-X Elite Blade Size 7F" made in The USA?
is this a detachable blade and will it fit the oster juice clipper
Is the Oster Cryogen-X Elite Blade compatible with Conair Pro Turbo Groom clipper?
do the screws come with this blade?
Is this blade assembled
I bought 2 of these blades and they wouldn't go through the dog's coat. Do I need to remove a coating or something? They wouldn't cut the hair at all.
The clippers I have are animal clippers. Stewart by Oster Hair Clippers MODEL SSC-40. Will this blade work with my Stewart Clippers?
How log would they stay sharp?
Is this blade compatible with the [Wahl 9791 KM10] Clippers?
which are the better blades.. the black color or the silver color blades?
I need a# 40,#10,# 7,#9#80 that is compatabe with Oster golden A5 two speed?
Is this blade compatible with the Oster Lucky Dog Clippers?
Does it fit an oster sac-40
i have an oster turbo A5 2speed clippers--are there any blades that would work well on people?
Will these fit on conair pro?
can a 5f skip tooth blade be used for matted hair on cats?
is the skip tooth really better for matted hair in dogs?
will this work on an Andis AGC 2?
I have a Maltese with fine hair I am looking for the best blade to trim her up with, she get's mat's pretty easy.
I need a blade set that will body clip a donkey. What do you suggest?
Will the no. 5 blade do well on a German shepards course hair, I bought an Oster A5 two speed with the no.10 blade and that is not sufficient .
DOES THIS PLADE FIR A STEWART OSTER EW610?
how do you sharpen clipper blades
Why my dogs &amp; my friends and my other family member's dogs will sniff them &amp; walk away refusing to eat them-hard to believe these 5 stars?
how many bags are contained in the $15 price tag? how many sticks are there for $15 ??
Where are these made and are ingredients from USA? I know they are distributed out of California, but actual ingredients from where?
How many K/cal calories are in ea. treat? I have small &amp; lrg. peanut butter &amp; sm. &amp; large chicken?. Thank you
Are these soft and chewy? Can someone tell me about these?
Newman's Own&reg; Organics Dog Treats for Medium Size Dogs: What happened to all these treats?
Why my dogs &amp; my friends and my other family member's dogs will sniff them &amp; walk away refusing to eat them-hard to believe these 5 stars?
how many bags are contained in the $15 price tag? how many sticks are there for $15 ??
Where are these made and are ingredients from USA? I know they are distributed out of California, but actual ingredients from where?
How many K/cal calories are in ea. treat? I have small &amp; lrg. peanut butter &amp; sm. &amp; large chicken?. Thank you
Are these soft and chewy? Can someone tell me about these?
Newman's Own&reg; Organics Dog Treats for Medium Size Dogs: What happened to all these treats?
how do you know what size?
I have two shiatsus and I want the right blade to give them a 1/2 inch trim all over and do I need to use a guard over the blade too and if so what sz
what is the difference between a 7 blade and 7f blade?
What size blade gives a 1/2 inch cut?
I have an austrailan sheperd that has thick hair. what would you use to get close for a summer cut. She also has matts under her `ears
It asks that you choose a size....what size would fit an oster A5 clipper?
What size blade to get a 1/4 inch haircut for my retriever?
It asks to choose a size in mm, i.e. .8, 3.2, 6.3mm--which size is appropriate for A5 clipper?
what is size difference in refrence to?
I would like to clip my Golden Retrievers to 1/2 what blade and guard do u suggest?
I have the Oster A5 clipper with the 10 blade. I'm looking for a blade that doesn't cut so close to the skin. Which one??
would this work on a long hair persian cat?
Will this work on my oster 078544, its the razor from the oster advanced series?
is this for the Oster A5?
does it fit Wahl pro clippers?
will it fit on a andis ag2 clipper
Do you have any idea what the connection of the blade looks like? The clippers I have are not oster and the blades set in differently.
I have an Oster Mini Max clipper. My screws for the blade have gone missing. Can you tell me what screws to look for at the hardware store?
I'm looking for replacement pop out blades for Oster TeQie ct yw
I am looking for a replacement blade for Model 78049-100. Will this work?
I have 78049-100, so does blade fit or not? It says it does in description. But one reviewer says it doesn't. Help!
Why my dogs &amp; my friends and my other family member's dogs will sniff them &amp; walk away refusing to eat them-hard to believe these 5 stars?
how many bags are contained in the $15 price tag? how many sticks are there for $15 ??
Where are these made and are ingredients from USA? I know they are distributed out of California, but actual ingredients from where?
How many K/cal calories are in ea. treat? I have small &amp; lrg. peanut butter &amp; sm. &amp; large chicken?. Thank you
Are these soft and chewy? Can someone tell me about these?
Newman's Own&reg; Organics Dog Treats for Medium Size Dogs: What happened to all these treats?
Why my dogs &amp; my friends and my other family member's dogs will sniff them &amp; walk away refusing to eat them-hard to believe these 5 stars?
how many bags are contained in the $15 price tag? how many sticks are there for $15 ??
Where are these made and are ingredients from USA? I know they are distributed out of California, but actual ingredients from where?
How many K/cal calories are in ea. treat? I have small &amp; lrg. peanut butter &amp; sm. &amp; large chicken?. Thank you
Are these soft and chewy? Can someone tell me about these?
Newman's Own&reg; Organics Dog Treats for Medium Size Dogs: What happened to all these treats?
Can you please confirm that this is 1000 feet and is burial grade, 20 gauge?
The title says 1000 ft but the description says 100 ft. I assume 1000 ft is correct?
what gauge wire is this &amp; is it stranded or solid copper. I want to use the wire above ground with lawn staples
My cat scratches on my bedroom door at night. I tried no scratch spray, water in bottle nothing works Does stay away work? return if not work?
How long does the sound go on? Does it shut off after a short period of time?
Does this work well with Dogs?
Can you set this to only spray? The sound may wake us up at night.
Will this work in an area that has frequent human traffic? I want to block our small dog but we would need to pass through. Can we walk over it?
good for outdoor use?
How loud is the beeping noise? Will I notice it outside by bedroom door at night?
How many spray cans did this come with?
My cat keeps getting on the table. would I set this in them middle of the table? If he jumps up from behind it, does it still spray?
What is the sound like?
I noticed in the frequently bought together the option of the course blade. What type of blade does this product come with the fine or the course?
I am looking for the quietest clipper possible. How does this products noise compare with other clippers?
I need the actual charger for this clipper. Does anyone know where I can purchase one?
Does this come with 2 blades?
i need just the housing assembly champagne
and, which are the positions on the blade... ?
hello, i need to know about the size, becuase i have the same clipper, but is the mini one, and i need the bigger one, so how can i be sure of that?
Is this a metal or plastic chassis clipper?
How wide is the blade from outer edge to edge? I'd like to try it for ridding the hair between my Lab's pads.
How loud is the buzzing noise? Is it the same as the regular size clippers?
How long do the batteries last? For instance, how many times can I trim paws and face on one set of batteries?
What is the warranty? I've had mine less than 6 months and it's already broken...won't turn on!
How long batteries power should last? Will they last until I finish trimming all paws? I have miniature puddle.
Where is the battery compartment?+ Instructions do not show it - just say to push in direction of arrows &amp; there aren't any!
do you think these clippers will do a full grooming on a 5 lb pomeranian? Just want to trim hair - maybe half an inch?
does it work in 220v too?
No instructions with this. Can someone please tell me what size combs are used....small for short cuts, bigger for longer, etc.? Thank you.
Just got mine and no instruction book....can't find the batter compartment. Where is it and how do you get to it?
How quiet are we talking here? Does it buzz, lightly hum, or what? i have a jumpy kitty that hates loud clippers.
Does this have a battery recharger with it
Are the blades adjustable? or is it just a 30 blade?
I'm a buyer from Hong Kong, may I know how much is the mailing charge? And how long it take? Also, does the MINI ARCO works with the 5-in-1 blade?
What is the height of this unit?
I keep seeing different variations of what these stairs are made of. Some say flimsy wood pieces...some say plastic. When I received mine, it was flimsy thin wood - almost like cardboard. What gives?! What is it SUPPOSED to be made out of so I know if...
Is there a 4 step model?
Please give me instructions on putting this together? Thank you
Where can I get 4 step telebrand as seen on TV doggy steps
how do I buy a replacement cover?
What are the sizes of the various steps?
What is the overall size
I need covers for the 3 step doggy steps. Where can I buy them from ???
Can you use this effectively while it's in your pocket so my noisy &amp; nosey neighbor doesn't know I using it on their dog?
Does this unit have a belt clip on it?
Does this work on young hunting dogs??
what is the maximum distance this unit will work
will a dog repeller disturb my cats? I'm wondering if the use of a dog repeller/training aid will disturb my cats?
Does this item work for scareing away cats
will this product work on bob cats?
will it work on its own? I need to leave it turned on and outside, to stop dogs coming into my yard to poop
how many mah output does this thing have most 9 volt batt. put out 200mah if i bought some 600mah recharageable batt. would the device push 600mah
does it stop dogs from mouthing and biting? I have a 1 year pooch who constantly bites my ankles and calves.
All, I see that the description includes hardwood floors, but was hoping to get a few opinions from those who have actually used it on their own HW?
Will this broom help to loosen cat hair embedded near the wall edge of Berber carpet?
How does the handle expand? I can't get it to budge.
Does it has "squeegee edges" the holes to put inside a cotton rug or whatever to wash the floor with it?
How well does this work on carpets? I have a long-haired dog and have to clean the vacuum brush weekly.
I'm looking more to raise the nap on my carpet . Does this product act as a rake ?
Will this broom work on couches or beds? My little dog sheds and mainly sits on the couch and or bed
Looking to help a friend who runs an animal rescue center with hard floors - they don't have a good vacuum. Needs to pick up fur and cat litter
Is this broom made in the US?
Does it do a good job picking up stray cat litter on a tile floor?
Will this work for a small dog? My dog is 15lbs.
We have a rescue that is part "houdini" &amp; barks a lot. Will this help train her to stay in fenced yard and minimize barking too?
I received the collar and am overall very pleased. My question is on battery life. Seems I have to recharge it every night. Is this common?
Has anyone replaced the rechargeable battery pack? Mine no longer holds a charge. If so, did you purchase from the dealer, or is there another option?
I have a SD-400 Transmitter but have lost the collar and reciever,Where can I replace it and for how much
What's the difference between the SD-400 and the SD-425?
I already have one collar and would like to buy another collar can we just buy the collar without the remote?
Has anyone tried adding a second collar to this shock collar remote?
Crate training: Does this product have the function where I can use it to train him not to bark when we leave him home alone, can it be set to go off every time he barks?
i wonder what size this tunnel is???is i large small or no size??/
SIZE WOULD BE SO NICE I NEED IT TO BE 13 IN WIDE
does is make a sound
Does it make a crinkle sound?
Could hedgehogs use this as well?
How big are the openings? Could guinea pigs play with this?
Could rabbits use this as well?
How does this compare to the Turtle tunnel made by Marshall's? (I have one ferret-no longer use cage. Apt is very small) Thanks for your input!
my dog is a yorkie weight about 12 pound will it work for him
are the dimensions LXWXH (21X29X26)? Looking for a pad to fit inside the house.
I have a 25 lb Scottish Terrier. Would it be big enough for him?
What size dog is this for?
What are the dimensions?
What is the demensions of this product especially the height without the lattice?
My cat lives on my outdoor screened patio and I'm concerned about him keeping cool in the summer and warm in the winter. Insulation recommendations?
What is the height from the floor to the top deck without the lattice?
What are the dimensions while it's in its packaging?
What are the dimensions?
how does a cord fit in the PVC ? is there an open "seam" ?
How large a cord is this for? I am looking to protect lamp cords, not big power-tool extension cord type cords. Can a parrot chew through this?
Can you cut this? I have a lamp cord that only has a couple of inches exposed.
Would this fit over oxygen tubing?
Cant you just buy some fish tank tubing from home depot and slice it long way and use it, wonder if be cheaper?
Does this work for dogs, too?
These smell so bad, is there anyway to get rid of the smell filling up my whole house??!
What is in this product? Is it toxic in any way? What chemicals are used?
does this product just mask the smell, or will it get the dogs to take their buisness elsewhere?
Hi can anyone tell me if they used this on artificial grass. If so, can you comment if it did anything to the turf as far as damage? Thank you in a
Can you use this product on Artificial turf?
We have 2 large dogs and a small back yard. With the thaw there is a lot of poop that is hard to pick up. Will this help break down what we can't get?
I have six dogs and a small yard covered with fake grass..any ideas on how to take care of urine smell?
does this work on cement?
Has anyone that used this product had a problem with it attracting bees?
can this be used inside on carpets?
Is a hose required?
Does it work on cat feces too?
Why has the price gone up on these over $30 since the last time I ordered them?
Hello. since I have been using your trays, the urine clumps in one spot and the smell is worse than it has every been.
It says the trays only need to be changed once a month for one cat but the compartment where the waste goes looks small. How does it work?
Are the blue crystal flushable? I am thinking about toilet training my cat and was wondering if I could flush these in the toilet.
do these trays fit the Scoop Free Ultra Litter Box?
Do they deliver the pack of 6 one by one or all six in one package? I only received one so far. CONFUSED!
Is Brilliant Pet really selling 6 trays for $17 + shipping or is that some sort of error?
Do they deliver each tray separately? Or do all 6 tray refills get shipped in one box?
Can you please confirm that this item comes with 6 tray refills?
Can regular cat litter be used? Like the Precious Cat clumping litter or only the cristals they advertize the box with?
will this work for cat not covering poo? My large cat doesn't cover her poo... will this box work?
Do you have to use crystals for this littler box to work or can you use regular clumping litter?
I've had mine three weeks and my cat refuses to use it. I will have to send it back soon. Any suggestions on getting him to use it?
What's the difference between ultra and regular?
what is the difference between Original and Ultra cat litter box? get back to me when you can thank you.
Can i use Tidy cat clumping litter with this instead of the prefilled litter tray/blue crystal one?
What do you have purchase with this item? Does it come with the litter?
the rake rusts are there any replacement parts to this system?
my 2 cats won't use it...help! one cat peed in it once-that's it...any ideas?
The prefilled litter box trays seems expensive. Can you refill the tray yourself from a bag of blue crystal litter to save money?
Can this be used on puppies? Age range as per directions? Thanks!
What are the ingredients?
We need something to keep the flies off our dog. Will this work? They don't have fleas or ticks and one has very sensitive skin.
How well did it work on ticks?
is it made of poop
Can you use Urine Gone is carpet cleaners?
well these product fate the carpet??
can I use it on my leather couch?
does this product work so other animals won't try and cover scent
does it work on hardwood floors?
can this product be used in a shampooer
does it work on wood
Does this come with the pad? Can a pad be bought separately?
what size do you recommend for a 45 lb beagle?
what is the size and how deep is it?
Does this have holes in the base for ventilation? I was thinking of using it for litter box training.
what size is it ?
Can you wash it in a washing machine?
what is the fabric? 100% cotton? Other?
Is it possible to order general colors? For instance, could i request earth tones (greens/browns) or bright colors (oranges/yellows)?
What size are the blankets?
Can the throw be ordered in specific colors? I would like to use in my car, but don't want to end up with a tacky orange or red throw for use in my
Will it have a good expiration date
Does this Hip And Joint have brewers yeast in it?
What is the difference between levels?
they do not smell like liver-why?
is it made in the usa?
the picture shows 100 count but you state 90....is it 90 or 100?
Can this be used with the Nature's Miracle line of cat litter boxes? The system looks very similar.
I need to know the dimension Of this high-capacity disposal system ? Is it pre refinished?
where can I purchase bags for this system?
What are the dimensions of the end of the chute that deposits into the plastic bag? Width &amp; length please.
how does this contain odor?
Is this system compatible with Nature's Miracle Self Cleaning Litter Boxes? Specifically NMA500, NMA900, NMA980. Thank you.
Does it come with 1st set of bags?
will this work with the Classic series LM580?
Waste frequently piles up at the end, near the chute, without going over the edge. What am I doing wrong?
Does this include the perma-lid?
What are the dimensions of the medium when opened? I just want to double check, since there are multiple questions about size.
The advertisement photo clearly shows a zippered front and side...so quite obvious this is false advertising. Why is this being advertised as such?
Are both mesh windows zipper-ed and open-able? I can only see the smaller mesh window opened. How about the big mesh on the side? Thanks!!
Does this come with the pictured flaps that can be rolled down over the screened sections? One reviewer said there were no flaps.
does it snap closed
how do you fold it closed?
When folded and completely collapsed, what are the dimensions and weight?
Does it zip closed so the pet cant get out?
What are the dimensions of this kennel in use (not for shipping, but practical dog space) and what are those dimensions in inches?
What are the Dimensions for large?
Does the pump have an on/off switch or do you have to connect/disconnect it from the battery?
Anyone know the measured Amp draw? Product info just says, "low current".
What unit of meassure is STL? I get there are 5.6 of them a minute, but I've no idea what volume that equals.
will this pump to 8' deep water
I am needing something for my 125 gallon aquarium for emergency backup incase of a power outage. Would 1 work or would I have to get 2 ?
What is the diameter of the stone at the end of the line? I want to thread it through a 1.5" ball valve at the bottom of a 250 gallon IBC tank.
how long will it run without a battery charge ?
Does anyone use a 12V gel cell type battery for this or are most people using a 12V deep cycle marine type battery?
what is the battery to use to last the longest for a acquarium?
What battery do people recommend for this that won't discharge too quickly in storage?
The item description states "Thermostatically controlled to operate only when necessary". Can anyone tell me what the temperature range of on/off is?
Does anyone know whether there is a top that would fit this bucket?
I water feral cats-it will sit in a location exposed to rain/snow. Anyone successful under such conditions?
Did anyone use this in weather of 10-20 below zero ?
What is the height and width of the bucket?
How long is the cord on the bucket?
What type of plastic is the bucket made of? I try to use only HDPE #2 for anything I or my animals eat/drink from.
&#x131; need heated bucket with 220 volt what do you suggest
does it work by 110 or 220 volt
What are the dimensions?.
Does anyone know where this item is made?
Will this crate work for a 22lb Westie?
What are the dimensions?
my irish terrier weighs about 26lbs...stands about 18in. to shoulders...will the pet pen 940 be large enough?
what are the dimensions
Can the crate be folded up?
I have a 3 pound chihuahua that is litter trained. Would this accommodate a small litter box as well as a bed and food and water dish?
my pet is 55 lbs. Is it ok for him?
Which size for 30 to 40 pounds
how tall is it?
What is the width of the gate
What is the spacing between the bars? I have a mini weenie dog and want to know if she should squeeze through. She is 12lbs.
Multiple Cats: Will this work with two cats at once?
Will cat use ALL toilets? Does anyone have any experience knowing if once the cat learns to use the toilet, will she use ALL toilets?
How do I get my cat to have better positioning using the toilet? We are on the last ring, but he is still getting feces on the seat occasionally! HELP!!! Also, when is the best time to remove the CittiKitty and the litter?
My cat went completed the training without incident and has been using toilet for 2.5 months. Then started pooping in the bathtub. Any suggestions?
Once i punched out the first hole, my cat didn't want to poop in it. I went back to step one after a few days, now he poops in it again. Suggestions?
What if you only have one toilet? How is it if you only have one toilet, and you have to remove the fake toilet for your cat whenever you have to use it?
Using the toilet: My question is, while using this product to train my cat, will I be able to use my toilet?
Fits all Toilets? Will it fit on an elongated toilet?
Play time vs. Poo time: Any thoughts?
After 2 weeks, 1 cat is doing great, the other still refuses to use CittiKitty. If I get a litter box for 1 cat, will it ruin training for the other?
How big is this compared to a tennis ball?
Will these wear down a dog's teeth like regular tennis balls? What about felt being chewed off?
I have an aggressive chewer. Will he be able to tear these up easily? I'm tired of buying play toys (balls, ropes, etc) that last less than a day.
Do these float? We are looking for a ball to play fetch at the lake.
Are these the orange balls? They look red in the picture.
I have a cocker spaniel, is this ball a good one for him or should i get the small one?
What length--in inches--is the medium ball launcher mentioned in the description?
What size would be recommended for a 56 lb. pitbull?
Do these squeak? Thanks!
How much heavier than normal tennis balls are these? My dog likes to catch on the fly sometimes. If he does that with these, will he break his teeth?
where are they made
IS BEGGIN STRIPS FROM CHINA
what are the nutrition facts regarding this product?
My Drinkwell fountain is in a room with no sunlight. Will the grass grow without it?
How long a seed pod last?
Would this product work with the Drinkwell 360 fountain as well?
Are the animal sounds enticing? I'm thinking about getting this for a blind (very bored) cat.
Besides the format, is this the same as the 6 Hour "cat sitter video" vhs tape from 1999 by sci inc / go cat?
Do these DVDs have other cats in them? I have a neutered male that pees on my bed whenever he sees another cat in the back yard, so that's bad.
How many minutes does this run? Not counting the continuous loop.
What type of rodents are in this video, not the squirrels or gerbils; the ones with the long tails.
does it work on concrete
how do you use this product? there are no instructions on the package. thanks
is this okay to use on hardwood floors with old odors?
Does it stop cats from resoiling the same areas? How does this compare to Nature's Miracle?
Does it work on laminate floors as well as walls
how do I use it?
What are the specific ingredients of Syn-Flex?
Do dogs like the taste of it? In other words, any problems getting your pet to take the supplement? I assume it goes over the food?
My dog does not eat dry food; I make her food which is like a stew. Is it still possible to pour into her food this way?
Could someone give me a general idea of how long before they saw results? No change in my 10yr old G.S.D. yet.
How long does this last for a cat? How much do you give the cat each day?
My cat is very, very finicky about food. Do cats tolerate putting it their food or do most people syringe it into their mouth?
i bought my first lot of synflex, from an america site, for my dog, it was dark coloured this time i bought from a uk site but it alot lighter, did anyone notice a differents. in ur dog .
Is it made in United States?
Syn Flex for horses?
Da Bird: Anyone else encounter this?
Is there a swivel base to set the rod in?
How long is the wand and how long is the stringy part with the toy on the end?
Is the wand still made of fiberglass?
I cannot figure out how to attach the refill onto the string and handle. It is all super secure on there... any tips on how to get the refill on?
how long is the string
What size is the swivel?
How long before the feathers get pulled off? (My cats both focus on total destrution)
What is the resin polymer that holds the feathers together? Is it safe for cats?
Where are Galaxy's toys manufactured? Are they made in China?
How many rolls come with this? It shows 18, but only 4 oz?
Does this stick to fur?
can this be washed and re-usable?
would this work for dogs or cats or animals in general?
Is the $5.74 price for 18 rolls of Purple 4" x 5 yds Vetwrap?
is there a bag to put old tray in
Do you have to use these boxes? Or could you use a plastic or glass tray that fits the space and just refill the blue crystals? I'm OK with that.
how many ounces of crystals i one tray?
Can I use a different litter that won't get wedged into my hairless Spynx cat's footpads? She brings the litter upstairs into my bed. Help!
2 New Cats/Kittens, Litter for 1.5 Weeks...The 'poop receptical' area is full to the point where the motor strains a slight amount. Short tray life?
Each tray last how long?
litter boxes for dogs?
Will my sdf100a collar work on someone else's sdf100a system
Does this collar have a beep-only option? It look like it does beep plus vibrate at the same time.
will I be able to restrict the distance the dog can roam? with 60 yrs?
What is the distance that it is still affective?
How long does the battery last in the collar? I am going back and forth between this collar and another compatible collar with RFA-67 battery.
Is this collar too big for a maltese
will this work with a pet smart collar
Will this work with my 400-SD-400 field training collar?
what kind of battery does the collar use
does this item work on the 800 series?
A. could it be attached to a brick wall,? B. Does it have to be dug underground, I heard someone just stapled it to the desert yard (which we have)
Must it be buried or can it be placed above ground through wooded areas?
How does this fence work in the winter? Is the quality affected by snow and/or ice in any way?
This product recommends using 20 gauge wire.... can I use a lower gauge? aka 18, 16, or 14 gauge wire? I'm having to re-burry my perimeter wire
How deep can the wire be put in ground &amp; still be effective?
deck is 20 ft above ground, but lays beyond the perimeter I would be laying the wire. Problem? will my dog be corrected on my deck?
Do you have to loop this fence in a circle or square or can it be used as a single wall in a yard?
hello, does the collar use rechargeable batteries?
Invisible fence vs. Wireless system: Can anyone tell me if the Invisible fence is any better at containing the doggies?
How small can the collar be made?
Does anyone know if I can mix this with water to mop my floors witih? If I can, do you know the right combination of water to OUT?
is this safe to use on natural leather?
Is this product safe to use on plants and grass?I live in Texas with searing sun.Some products, even when dry, will "kill" foliage.
will this help remove skunk odors?
Shut Off: Does this automatically turn off when out of water?
Does this fountain filter well enough to continuously clear the water of [essentially syrup-like] slobber from our two Saint Bernard boys??
My 2 cat love their 2.25 fountain.however,the motor has gotten so loud that it drowns out the tv.What can I do? Help
I'm considering thys for my 3 Katts. Good idea or no?
Which replacement pump? Our pump stopped working yesterday, no clue why! Now I am trying to see if there is a replacement pump for this model? TY
how much water do they put out? I bought one of the large dog fountains and it barily moves any water at all, is this normal or is the one I have defective?
do they make this in a stainless steel version?
What is the best way to introduce the fountain to their animals? My dog won't drink from it.
what filter does it use?
what are your thoughts on the design of the fountain? Do your pets have trouble drinking from such a deep bowl design?
Feliway a fire hazard? How can you tell if your unit is overheating?
How can you tell if the diffuser is working? If this product is odorless, how are people supposed to know if the diffuser is working until the liquid starts to run out?
Does anyone know or has anyone tried to use the pheromone oil in an aromatherapy diffuser? I'm worried about fire issues with the diffuser it has.
Has this item passed the expiration date?
Can I use the refill with a different diffuser- an Airwick Plug in for instance?
Has this product stopped your cat from marking (spraying vertical surfaces vs. failing to use the litter box)?
Is this safe around small children? Does the packaging say anything about this?
Will the refills fit both the original and the newer version of the diffuser?
There are two different diffusers...Is there a difference between the "Feliway" diffuser and the one labeled "Comfort Zone with Feliway"?
Is this an empty diffuser, or does it include the bottle of chemical PLUS another refill
instructions for growing! Does anyone know what they are?!?!?
directions?
can i use this without the wooden box? or does the box act like a drip tray or something?
I purchased the Refill Kit only, and it had no instructions. Please give me instructions, or else I have to throw it out .
I purchased the Refill Kit only, and it had no instructions. Please give me instructions, or else I have to throw it out .
I purchased the Refill Kit only, and it had no instructions. Please give me instructions, or else I have to throw it out .
french bulldog with 19" waist, size??
What color is this one ... it looks black on the picture ... is that correct?
True too size I have a 7 pound Yorkie and waist is 13 inches round so what size is best?
I have a 9.5 maltese/yorkie waist 14 in. tried small very snug /medium too big/sm didn't cover his penis help.any recommendations?
I have a 95 lb standardmale poodle with a 25 inch waist. All th x large diapers I have bought are too small. What to do?
I have a 20-lb Cockapoo. Any ideas on whether a small or medium would be a better fit?
Hi have a very furry Pom...Just let then 10lbs..what size would be good for him?
what fabric is it made of? cotton?
Since my standard, 33 lb. Dachshund (22" waist) has such a unique body shape, what size wrap would fit him best?
Does the wrap have elastic? If so, where is it on the wrap?
french bulldog with 19" waist, size??
What color is this one ... it looks black on the picture ... is that correct?
True too size I have a 7 pound Yorkie and waist is 13 inches round so what size is best?
I have a 9.5 maltese/yorkie waist 14 in. tried small very snug /medium too big/sm didn't cover his penis help.any recommendations?
I have a 95 lb standardmale poodle with a 25 inch waist. All th x large diapers I have bought are too small. What to do?
I have a 20-lb Cockapoo. Any ideas on whether a small or medium would be a better fit?
Hi have a very furry Pom...Just let then 10lbs..what size would be good for him?
what fabric is it made of? cotton?
Since my standard, 33 lb. Dachshund (22" waist) has such a unique body shape, what size wrap would fit him best?
Does the wrap have elastic? If so, where is it on the wrap?
can you use an extension cord or not?
I bought 2 of these but when i plugged it in nothing was warm,not even the plug when i unplugged it. Is that normal?
I am looking to keep water for the squirrels. Would they be able to climb on the bowl to get to the water without burning themselves?
Has anyone had any problems with it tipping over? It doesn't appear to be an anti-tip type bowl.
Any help with finding a thermostat for this (on below freezing, off above freezing)
CAN YOU PUT FOOD IN THESE OR JUST WATER?
It worked for 4-months &amp; now dont work !
Fire hazard. How many people have expericned these bowls melting on the bottom?
I bought two of these and as soon as the temp hit 25 degrees both are freezing up! Does the water level have to stay low in the bowl to work?
Can wild birds land safely and drink or is the edge too thick for their little feet.
Does this feeder have a hook or something to hang it on the inside of the cage? I don't want to cut a hole in the cage wire...
Hi, I was wandering if I can use this for guiniea pigs? And also how high is it?
How many days worth of food does this hold for a bunny? trying to figure out if I need this or the bigger one
mounting
Can this be set on flat ground ? I want it for feeding wild bunnies that roam my yard. thanks !
Hi all! Does the food get stuck in the chute (once everything in the tray is eaten) and need to be adjusted by hand to come out?
are the edges sharp?
How many pounds of feed will this hold ?
chcken
If I keep it on the ground will it rust?
If I propped the door open would the food still fall like its supposed to or is opening the door what causes the food fall..I would like this for cats
I have 2 large great pyrenese dogs. How wide is the door opening? I am worried it wont be big enough for a big headed dog.
Would this feeder have to be mounted to stand up
Has anyone had problems with this in the heat of summer outdoors? I'd prefer to go with metal over plastic to keep out pests, but is it scorching hot?
Does the feeder have a timer so it can this be set up for automatic feeding? What keeps dogs from eating too much?
Does the feeder limit the quantity of dog food or do you rely on the dog to get full and stop eating?
How well does the door work for a dog with a large head? Is it roomy enough for them to get their faces in there to push the door open?
Could this be attached to the wall if an outdoor kennel? Welded wire or chain link type...
Does this suitable for small dogs, such as Pomeranian?
Is the click loud or soft sounding?
will the clicker help with barking dogs?
how long will it last
My dog barks at other dogs when I walk her. Will this help with that?
What size is the clicker? Descriptions says 4" x 7". Is it big enough for a mobility handicapped person to use?
Can it be used to train your dog to sit and lay down. Or not to jump on someone when they come in the house?
Would I need 2different clickers if I have 2 puppies?
Say your dog has learned your commands through clicker-training, do you still have to rely on the clicker forever for the dog to obey your commands?
Does this clicker help training parrots ???
can i use this to potty train my 2 month old puppy?
is the outside fur a magnet for cat hair?
How long is tunnel?
What is the diameter &amp; length? Is it consider padded? Thanks.
how long is it?
Where was this item made? Thanks!
Any idea why there is disagreement on size? One review claims it's too small for a 10lb cat and anher says it's large enough for their 18lb cat.
Is it springy? We don't have quite enough space for the tunnel and it would be nice if we could make is a bit smaller. Thanks!
How long is the tunnel?
Does this connect to tent
does this tunnel have a zipper on each end to contain cats
Is it durable, especially for cats with front claws, so they cannot break through the netting easily?
Could this be used indoors to introduce my Pembroke Corgi to agility training? Don't want to spend a lot in case he isn't too interested in it. Thnx!
Is the diameter of this tunnel 17" or 18". Confusing description s are given.
I bought the cat habitat and fun run. If I bought another fun run will it zip with my fun run making an extra long tunnel?
If I bought two would they zip together to make a 10 foot run?
Can this connect to petdoor
Will my large labrador dog fit in it?
what are the dimensions of it all packed in the carry case?
ii have a enghlish mastiff 180 lbs and 32 inches from the ground to shoulders would this tent fit?
Is this tent waterproof?
Does this have the UPF50+ sun protection ?
Could this be used safely for toddlers to sleep in (indoors), versus a portable crib, which they can pull themselves out of?
Is it suitable for a large dog - Husky?
How is the quality of the zipper? Every crate I get seems to have problems with the zipper getting stuck and then breaking.
How much does the tent weigh?
does it hold up to wind and rain to be used as an out door dog house?
Is this product safe on cats as well as dogs?
cats ringworm
I noticed this says it is effective against lice, so I wanted to know if it works well against rat lice?
Can this be used as a preventative??
My dog weighs 50 lbs. Will this work for her?
will this kill heartworms?
how long will the medicine once taken will last
does this product actually work my dog had tapeworms on her but none in her stool.
is it made in the USA
is this in a foam or just an aerosol spray.like does it foam up/suddy?
is cortisone the only active ingredient?
Is this stronger than human 1% hydrocortisone cream?
Does it contain polygycol?
When this spray will expire?
Does this product leave paw prints on the floor?
Can anyone provide the ingredient list for this product? I'd sure like to know what's in this stuff.
Does it protect the paw in below 0 temps
Does this products leave paw print0s on the floors after its applied?
Is it necessary to rinse off Orkney use it and toss it?
Has anyone else noticed that this is a product of China? No offense intended (I'm Chinese), but I know there have been news out for weary pet products recently coming from there...=/
Do these wipes contain detergent?? I bought them and I dont see the ingredients nowhere.
What's the difference between these and real baby wipes?
Can I use these to wipe the gunk off the eyes? Good for adult dogs too?
Can these wipes be used on a puppy's face?
what's in the wipes?
Difference puppy wipe and regular wipe
What is the difference between Bath Wipes for Dogs and Bath Wipes for Puppies? Different size? Different ingredients? Which does an 18-lb dog use?
Anyone use these to wipe their dog's backside after she poops? Not to be gross, but my pomeranian has a lot of hair &amp; sometimes needs to be cleaned.
can anyone give me the ingredients, does it contain polysorbate 80 and does it contain at least 0.1%Chlorhexidine Gluconate?
Where are these dental wipes made?
what is the size of a wipe?
Ok to use on cats teeth?
Are these as effective as brushing teeth?
What are the ingredients?
cat?
Are these made in USA?
does it make them drink a lot and pee a lot?
Are the interior dimensions 18x18 or does that includr the seed catcher?
Will I be able to suspend an interior swing in this cage if I still intend to use the play top and top sliding shelf?
Is this cage large enough for 2 parakeets or would it be too small
If i had a separate food holder I would like to use, what are the dimensions of the doors for the food bowls?
Would this be a good cage for two cockatiels?
can you remove the play top and just use the cage
Is this easy to put together? I'm not very good at that sort of thing.
hi do you think a cat can topple It or get into it - is it strong material (wrought iron) from the top to the bottom ?
What size are the bowls? I bought this used and want to replace them. I have already tried two sizes (10 and 20oz) and neither of them worked. Thanks!
how much does this weigh in the box?
What are the dimensions?
Resizeable? Can the 8 panel pen be reduced to 4 or 6 panels?
Will a pup fit through the bars? Will he be able to slide through the bars?
can you put two together? Is this relatively simple to combine two 8-panel sets with a door at each end?
How wide are the individual panels? I am trying to figure dimensions of pen with only 6 or 4 panels as needed for space.
would the 4 panel be okay for my corgi? i want to put my corgis crate and a wee wee pad in there as well.
Can it be used as a door/wall gate too? Can you use this as a gate, I need to create a wall to keep them out of the living room until potty trained.
what is the Size of four panel pen
can this product be constantly built &amp; then taken apart?
Is the pane that the gate is on, the same size as the other panels? (width wise)
What is the diameter of the playpen, using all six panels (seems that you have to use all six panels based on the reviews)?
Can I use this as agate also? Price $0 - Can I use this as a gate also?
Your description says "8 panels included". Is it 6 OR 8? Is this expandable?
How much does it weigh and is it easy to out up and take down? For dog show?
how tall is it?
How do you keep it from sliding on floor when using it inside?
what is the height?
Can I order more of these panels to add on to my pen? Am using it it safely contain 1 small and medium dog for camping
Can you assemble it with 4 panels instead of 6 or modify it to make it smaller?
what is the spacing between the bars?
How long is each panel?
Does this fold FLAT, for easy transportation? I need to easily put it in the truck which pulls a small camper trailer.
Can the panels be adjusted (taken out) to make the pen smaller if one desires?
Hi there! Can you please tell me if the panels can be attached together in one long line, so they form a long wall type barrier? Thanks!
Any suggestions how to cover the floor of the pen? We have carpet and wouldn't want our dog on it
Will a standard size chihuahua be able to jump over and out??
dimensions
Can I open it completely up and use it like a gate?
what is the height of this product
I will be getting 2 8 week old pomeranian puppies and would like to know if this 4 panel will be big enough and tall enough for them?
I have the previous single track turbo twinkler and I need to stock up on balls for it. Will any Bergman twinkle balls work in it?
I ordered three replacement balls. When I opened one, I found that the flashing doesn't work even if I rolled it. Why doesn't it light at all?
I want to order the newer hurricane toy and am asking if the standard twinkler balls work in it?
does it come with one or both together
how much water fits in the waterer?
My old cat won't eat food that's been out more than a couple hours. Does this set up so that it will drop a small amount every few hours?
How much food does it hold?
Is it ant proof? No matter what I have used the ants find there way in
does it limit their food intake?
I bought the gourmet combo. I can fill the food container by removing the lid. The water container doesn't seem to have an opening that I can use.
Does the water dispenser have any kind of charcoal filter?
Is it easy to tip over? My puppy is in the phase of tipping her water bowl over and its really annoying..
Does anyone know if this is BPA free? And have you had issues with ants with these?
Pyrantel Pamoate Ingredient List: Is there anyway of finding out the list of ingredients (both active and inactive) in this bottle of Pyrantel Pamoate?
Hello, is this the product that the vets use? is it beige color? Thanx!
Am I the only one to receive a bottle with only one year left before it expires? I bought this big bottle thinking it would at least last me two year
How does this product compare in taste and dosage to Nemex 2?
Is this product good for getting rid of roundworms in dogs?
do you mean that the bottle that you are selling right now expired in Jan of 2014 or is that a very old answer since it is now April of 2014?
What is the expiration on a 16 oz bottle? I want to know if I need this large of a bottle or if it will go bad.
How much lysine in a "scoop" dose? How many doses in a 100 gram jar?
I&acirc;&#128;&#153;ve ordered this many times for half this price! What&acirc;&#128;&#153;s the difference between this and Tomlyn Scientifics L-Lysine Powder for Cats for $13.60?
Does this have any artificial sweetener in it? I don't eat that so I don't want to feed it to my cat &amp; the tube gell has that in it.
is this the same as l-lysine in powder form?
Container is not sealed. Does anyone know if they changed the packaging?
Why is there no saftey seal?
Does it need refrigeration?
My cat only eats Meow Mix (indoor). Won't eat sample chewies from vet. Will she like this powder on dry food?
why has the price doubled since July 2014? I purchased 100 grams for 11.09 on 7/5/14 and now it is $21.99 on 3/9/15?
whats the difference between lysine and l-lysine hcl for cats? I am currently giving my cat L-lysine Hcl oral gel I purchased from the vet . Look
I have a 75 # Shepherd, should I get medium or large?
The opening is made of stiff plastic. It cut my skin when I pulled my two fingers out. Do any of your pups seem in pain as you pull their paws out?
Is the paw plunger safe for dogs with dewclaws?
Does it come apart so you can fine clean the bristles?
I have a 25 lb Cock-a-poo.......what size should I get?
What size would you get for a Cardigan Corgi? 30 lbs. Thanks!
Would large one work for Newfoundland?
Would it work with just plain water or is it better with some dog shampoo?
Does this get mud from under the nails and spaces between the pad?
What size should I get for a 12 pounds Boston Terrier?
(3) or is it ONE complete toy with ONE replacement feather attachment?
(1) Is this actually the ORIGINAL toy with the 36" PLASTIC wand connected by a balled chain and clip (see 2)
Is the feather thing attached to the pole by string or wire?
Exactly how wide will the gate expand to?
What size openings does it fit? Why isn't there detail on this? What is height?
Would this gate work for an entry that is 48" wide?
I have an archway 5 feet across. How long is the gate
Size of space between slats: What is the size of the soaces between the slats on this gate?
will this fit a door way that is 64 inches? we have a lab pup and expect him to get pretty big.. height?
i have a 90 inch opening will it fit
does this item expand to 60 inch openings
I have a 50 inch opening. Will this gate fit correctly or have to be modified? Thanks.
What is the height of this product?
Are these good for a cat?
Do these smell as described in some of the reviews?
what are the dimensions of this item?
Do they have an adhesive back?
are they safe for cats? Cats lick their paws.
Can you used these instead of chux for a person?
Do these have a smell (other than waste of course) when they are wet?
Are these pads quilted?
Looking for these in 100 count and Lavender scented, do you have them?
Where is this product made?
Could this crate be spray painted black, as far as the material it is made of? Thanks.
will the top withstand people sitting on it?
Is there metal inside the crate behind the wicker so the dog can't get to it?
I have one of these crates and I need a replacement tray for the bottom. The tray should measure approx. 22 1/4 X 34 1/4. Can you help me?
Is there a way to remove the door? I have a golden retriever...i don't need to keep her secured in it..she just loves to lay in cubbies and enclosed spaces.
Are you able to adjust the size with a separator that can split the crate. I want my puppy to grow into it. I heard its bad for crate to be to large
I have two 13lb 5 year old littermates. What size should I get ?
Would it hold up with luggage on top? Thinking of having it in the trunk of an SUV with suitcases on top for travel. Maybe 50-60 pounds?
How do you leave water for the pet when they're closed in the crate?
where can i buy replacement parts for this crate?
What process is used to make this salmon oil? Is the fish wild or farmed &amp; where are they from? Is it using the whole body or just livers?
Does the salmon oil come with the pump?
Where is this product manufactured?
My cats love this, is it safe for cats too?
How is this oil typically used- sprayed over dry dog food?
What material is the bottle made of? Does this size come with a pump?
where can you purchase the converter? We've had the kit for 7 yrs but now need to replace the converter.
Where do you use this indoors in the cold weather. I really don't want nail dust flying all over my house.
Can it work on 240V electrical supply
Can you use it for humans?
Has anyone had trouble with the band working it's way up and off, while grinding and what did you do?
How big of an are it covers?
I am moving into a newer house that my dog has only been to once. Do you think it will help acclimate him to the new space?
Can the diffuser refill be used to refill a spray bottle?
Has anyone tried using this with a Glade Plugin diffuser? It looks very similar in style, I'd rather reuse a diffuser I have than buy a new one.
I would like to know if this product contains soy?
How long should this last me with two adult male rats?
Does anyone supplement this with chromium picolinate? I don't see it in the ingredients on the Oxbow site.
Are these lab blocks or a mix? I can't tell from the picture.
I'm looking for a container to store my oxbow in and wanted to know how many quarts are in this bag.
I am getting a trio of young rats, 5-6 weeks old. I am searching for a good diet for them until they can eat this. Any suggestions?
I have been feeding my females hamster food, can I just put this food in their bowl?
I got it based on the reviews and she is hiding it all in her bedding in bottom of cage. Does that mean she doesn't like it or will eat it later?
What are the ingredients? Does it contain any meat or dairy product?
Is it ok if I mix this forti diet or will it defeat the whole point of it being healthy?
Is this FE 27?
ARE THEY 38MG OF ELEMENTAL IRON
Has anyone tried these on aquarium plants, to provide iron to the plants ??
is this ferrous gluconate 324mg a slick round green hard shell pill
the only sizes left are small and xl. 19" neck and a pupp even smaller. How easily is it to take off extra links?
Can links be removed, I ordered mine a bit too big?
Is this XL big enough for a 95 pound German Shepherd?
Does this have an opening or does it slide over their head?
is xl for german sheperd and rottweilers
What size do I need for my 9 month Dalmatian his neck measures 13 1/2
i bought a 3mm collar for my pitbull and it falls off now, i tried to tighten the spikes but they are too hard. is there anything else i can do?
I need to know which size l should order for my dog. I have a Lab Mix and his 65 lbs now. Please email me so l can order one for my dog. Thank you
I don't understand the sizing. Can someone explain. I have a boston terrier 20 lbs.
How can you do this to your dogs?
Would there be enough space to attach this to a steel barred cage? Would it hold without horizontal bars? Specifically looking for the Carlson Combi.
Does this work with Pro Select Empire crates? If not, any suggestions?
Is the black ring around the bowl made of metal or plastic?
What size should I get for a 65lb dog? And will these bowls work in the extra large Midwest wired crate?
Where is the metal part of the bowl made? India? China? Where?
was given a cage missing a bowl diameter is 5 1/4 inches was wonder what size bowl i need'
Can these bowls be mounted with screws to a flat wall?
Will these bowls attach to chainlink?
is the bowl itself removeable?
What is the diameter of the 8 oz bowl? Thanks.
I am getting this for my dog to fly with. Does this work one for food and one for water?
will the hanging loops fit over horizontal plastic slat that's 1/2 inch wide?
I was thinking about getting this for my chinchillas, as they are heavy chewers and we new food bowls. Will this be OK for them?
what size should I get for a black lab puppy 8 weeks old?? want it to last awhile
I hate the ProSelect Empire crate with 1/2" steel bars and no water bowl will mount on it. Will this one work? I have already tried 4 different bowls.
How sturdy is this? I have ferrets that like to climb into the bowl and use it as a stool and often dig around in the food. Can it handle it?
Will this hook onto the vertical edge of a platform on my cat's tower? The hook would need to be approx 1/2" deep.
Reading the reviews, it appears that the motor is prone to failure. If so how long can it be expected to last and how hard is it to replace/install?
Do the conveyor belt effectively move the litter into the waste bin or do the clumps often break up in the process creating more mess?
I'm using the litter box but the smell is really bad. What should I do?
Does it require regular cleaning and dismantling of parts? Also does the chute cover interior tend to collect poop/litter as it drags big pieces up?
does it come with a warranty
How big is the area where the cat gets in to use the box? What are those dimensions? I see the dimensions for the whole box. Thanks
Can I use Crystal litter in this box?
Is it big?
Love this litter box accept it makes constant loud clicking noises What is causing this? Started 2nd day of use
Can you use this for more than one cat?
Is this door cat proof? We have two very curious young cats and I'm afraid they would get through the door, go outside and get lost.
Is the plastic outer trim black or brown? It's different in the pics.
does this door lock
I want to use this through an inside hallway wall to the garage where the cat's litter box is located. Dry wall on both sides. Will this work?
I have a 8lb and a 36 lb dog. Does anyone have the medium one to tell me if my 8lb dog would be able to push through the flaps? Thanks
My dog is 22 pounds. Should I get a medium or large door
Will this work with a cylinder block wall?
Why can't I seem to find the wall tunnel extension small ANYWHERE on the internet? Is it discontinued?
I have 14 inches between studs to work with. Can I use the large door?
What is the cutout width for the medium door? The place we want to install it only has 8 1/4" between the studs. Is this going to be wide enough?
Is this door cat proof? We have two very curious young cats and I'm afraid they would get through the door, go outside and get lost.
Is the plastic outer trim black or brown? It's different in the pics.
does this door lock
I want to use this through an inside hallway wall to the garage where the cat's litter box is located. Dry wall on both sides. Will this work?
I have a 8lb and a 36 lb dog. Does anyone have the medium one to tell me if my 8lb dog would be able to push through the flaps? Thanks
My dog is 22 pounds. Should I get a medium or large door
Will this work with a cylinder block wall?
Why can't I seem to find the wall tunnel extension small ANYWHERE on the internet? Is it discontinued?
I have 14 inches between studs to work with. Can I use the large door?
What is the cutout width for the medium door? The place we want to install it only has 8 1/4" between the studs. Is this going to be wide enough?
What size neck will the collar fit? My dog has a 21 inch neck.
dogs running through in-ground fence: Does anyone have any suggestions?
Does anyone know if the performance is affected by the wire being stepped on? My back gate has a cement walkway, and my front walk is cement as well.
Does this come with surge protector like the instore model?
Has anyone had success with using this product with an adult Siberian Husky?
Is there an option to purchase another collar for 2 dogs?
I have heard many complaints about the gauge of the boundary wire included. When going to a heavier wire, will any solid-core, waterproof wire do?
is the wire insulated or is it bare copper wire?
We have a golden who digs. we also have a veg garden. Is there a way of putting this around the yard and then creating another loop for the garden?
My dog only tries to get out of the yard when we are not home. Can we leave collar off of her while home so she can run free, just using it when gone
Will this work for a Toyota Tacoma truck, 24 " high for great dane and english mastiff??
What size is this ramp when folded up for storage?
how much does the ramp weigh?
Can ramp be used at side door of back seat of jeep liberty, or just at back tailgate?
Does this work for a 4 door sedan (Toyota Camry)?
How wide is this ramp
Will this work for an in-ground tornado shelter? The stairs are too steep for my 85lb dog and this seems like a suitable option
If there any sort of locking mechanism to the vehicle? Im looking for a ramp to come out of the rear door for a Chevy Alavanche. Thank you.
My elderly cocker is having problems getting up the stairs. He's also over weight. Can this be used indoors? The stairs are 70" from floor to landing
can this be left outside ??? we have three steps off our deck and we want to leave it there all the time?? i plan on securing it at the top...
Is the mesh covering removable, so my little one can not be covered? I have an 8#, 16 year old maltese will this be to big for her.... She likes to sit &amp; look out??? Also, is it UP from the ground in lieu of being close to the ground?? Thanks in...
I already have this stroller; however, I would like to get a weather cover for it. Which do you recommend?
Is there a tether to keep your dog in
although it says weight capacity is 30 lbs... do you think it could hold a 60-65lb english bulldog?
can i get it in pink
My new Honda Fit EX has air bags in the sides of the seats. Would this cover allow them to expand in a crash? My current seat cover does not.
I took mine off and the seat of full of tan pieces flaking off the back. It's like the bottom layer disintegrated. Is this the waterproof layer?
Is the seat cover easily removable. I'd like to be able to remove it when my wife rides, so it will not transfer soil/hair to her clothes.
will it fit ford F250 bucket seat
Can you use it on heated leather seats without staining them?
Does this fit all types of front seat vehicles? I have a KIA Sportage SUV
It the material slippery at all?
can it be used for spilt rear seats?
any other color options, or just this beige?
I have a new f150 crew cab. Is this product big enough for the rear seat?
Is it fabric both sides or is there vinyl backing?
Will this fit a jeep liberty 2007? I spilled paint on my seat cover and just want this to cover it up?
What color is it and does it have a solvent smell as described in one of their other covers? Sounds like everybody got a different color. One comment said that it wouldn't work for a pickup size vehicle and since I have a full size SUV, I guess it...
Is it waterproof?
i have a bmw 3 series and i want to make sure it will fit? Will it scratch the leather seats? does it slide on leather?
will this fit in the rear seat of a 2013 Mini Cooper?
what size is it
Does this cover fit all dogs or only small dogs? I have labs.
odyssey
Can I still latch my son's car seat when using the cover?
Is there a seat cover which works qwell on leather seats?
does it have access to middle seat belt?
what size is the cover? length x width. i would like to cover a rug with it. thanks!
How does it fasten to rear seat
Would this fit in a Toyota Tacoma? I can't find the dimensions. Thanks
I have a 2013 mazda 2 hatchback,,,is this to big for my little car?
what are the dimensions of this seat cover
Will it fit across the back bench seat in a f-450
I have a Ford F150. Is this long enough to cover the entire back seat?
do the slit opening for seat beats have some way of closing?
What are the dimensions?
How waterproof is "waterproof"? I take my lab to the beach regularly and his coat holds a lot of water. I don't want my seats wet!
Does the waterproof backing come off? I had another brand and the black backing crumbled all over the seats.
Can you fold this thing under so that a human can sit on one side of the backseat and the dog on the other side?
How do you wash it? Just rinse it off with a hose? Or can it go into the washing machine?
Does this have slits so I can attach a safety harness?
Is this product thick enough to stay taut between headrests and provide a decent barrier to keep the dog in the back seat?
Anybody know if this will fit a 2010 Honda Accord LX?
Is there a recommended weight limit? I have two 50-pound dogs that ride together...
In the CANNED Instinct foods, what is the Protien, Carb and Fat Percentages please?
what are the protein, carb, and fat percentages?
Is there an expiration date on this product when it is no longer good?
Is this cat food holistic?
Does this cat food contain any meat by-products?
how many carbs are there?
Is this also the "Sweepa" brand? I have a Sweepa, and want to get a second one, as well as the brush.
what is the fully extended length of the broom of the broom handle?
I have 4 children and a lot of tile. I am forever scrubbing bananas out of my grout. Would you recommend this to use wet to mop/scrub tile?
how does it work on hardwoods?
This broom with handle or not?
Could I use this cage for my Rats, I have four Rats, two male, two female. Could I put in ramps in the cage, because I don't see any?
Would this be a good cage for Sugar Gliders?
how wide are the inner shelfs? Is it possible to order extended shelving? or an extra shelf to extend a level?
Will this cage work for parakeets?
Crazy these are only $3 bucks each in the grocery. Why?
What are the dimensions of the tray?
How often do most people replace these for one cat? Weekly?
Does the package definitely come with five separate litter box trays with litter in each, please?
How many trays do you get for $28.35?
Does this fit inside a a typical dome style litter box? I was thinking of using it as a liner for our enclosed box.
how many disposable litter boxes do you get for $75.31??
How long does a 40lb bag last?
Is this product feed corn, or cracked corn?
Is the corn genetically modified?
Does this product have molasses in it?
#3 skip tooth vs #3F
Does this blade fit all typical A5 clippers
Does it really "Usually ships within 1 to 2 months." or is that a misstatement?
will this blade fit the andis model RACD
is this the blade i use to shave a long haired golden retriever?
Where is it made?
are these made in the USA and USA ingredients?
What are they made of?
what is the expiration date on these?
Is this comparable with pig00-13619?
does it comes with a charger and the collar
can't get this replacment collar to sync with original training remote. Followed manual/ any suggestions to try? Works with fence.
Anyone know how to replace the battery within the collar? Full day dock-charging only lasts 20 minutes now.
Is this a floating thermometer or does it sink?
Can this be used in a big swimming pool?
is it easy to read?
does it read in degrees
Will this fit a small, 11 pound dog with a tiny neck?
citronella spray collar: Is this too big for a 6 month old who weights 4 lbs mini daschund?
Will this collar fit a Maltese with a 10" neck?
I have two of these collars and can no longer fill them with spray when empty - are they plugged up or broken?
My dog is only 9 lbs, isn't the Citronella spray container too large for his neck?
How do you know if its working? I put the battery in (correctly), filled it up, and adjusted it to the dog. nothing happened when he barked
My dog starts barking as soon as we start the car to go somewhere. Will the citronella stink up the car?
has worked very well for my dog's barking, but it's so sensitive, spraying her if she barely makes any noise at all...any solutions?
Is this collar safe to use inside the crate? Would it present a choking hazard?
can this be used on a large dog - 100 pounds?
Does it hold pads by locking under rim?
Do the tray corners provide the base with a slight lift off the ground? Pup uses pad in walk in shower. Looking to let tile dry up after we shower.
Needed for cat. Notice one reviewer who used for cat said they took off locking lid. How high is tray without lid? Thank you for your help.
will it hold a 21x20 pad? that is the only size available locally for me and i have a lot of them
if anyone has a better suggestion than this one or your happy, please let me know details either way. we use 4 paws 21x21 pads. thanks
will this hold any type will it hold 21 x 21 pads securely or will they move around? pads leaked thru, new rug has pee on it so upset!!
my dog uses a 22 x 22 pee pad. will it fit nicely or will the border show? I love these pads and don't want to switch brands.
What size pads fit it?
What is the maximum weight for this kennel? My dog weighs 185#, will this kennel work?
Does this come with live animal printed on the side(s)? Is it fairly easy to contract and do you need any tools?
Will most airlines accept this carrier in cargo for flights? If so, what do I need to do to this crate to make it IATA?
I need to buy the metal bolts to replace the plastic ones come with it.( attach top and bottom). How many bolts I need?
How can I get a replacement door
is airline accept this crate if no handle on the top of the crate ?
Does it include the clip on water and feed bowls?
will it adccomodate a full grown Komondor? Can it turn around in the crate?
how do you drill holes in the back of this for IATA requirements? thanks
Would this crate fit in the rear of a Dodge minivan (or similar)...taking our Great Dane on a cross country trip in a rental van, want to keep her saf
Hello, could you please tell me the weight limit on these stairs? Thank you.
how high? how high are these?
How much weight can it hold?
how much weight can it hold
Can I just buy the coverings?
how tall are the individual steps my dog is a small miniture dachsund
What are the dimensions?
how tall?
how tall is it?
how tall are stairs
how many 24x24 pieces you get
can 2 of these be put together
Is there a door
Connecting pens: Can you connect pens to make a larger play area?
Would kittens, less than 8 weeks, be able to climb out of this?
total area it covers?
Can I separate the panels?
does the pen come with a gate/door so that the dog does not have to be lifted into or out of the pen?
Would this work around the Christmas tree? I want to keep my toddler and small dogs a few feet back from the tree.
Can two pens be attached together to make one large pen?
how many 24x24 pieces you get
can 2 of these be put together
Is there a door
Connecting pens: Can you connect pens to make a larger play area?
Would kittens, less than 8 weeks, be able to climb out of this?
total area it covers?
Can I separate the panels?
does the pen come with a gate/door so that the dog does not have to be lifted into or out of the pen?
Would this work around the Christmas tree? I want to keep my toddler and small dogs a few feet back from the tree.
Can two pens be attached together to make one large pen?
how many 24x24 pieces you get
can 2 of these be put together
Is there a door
Connecting pens: Can you connect pens to make a larger play area?
Would kittens, less than 8 weeks, be able to climb out of this?
total area it covers?
Can I separate the panels?
does the pen come with a gate/door so that the dog does not have to be lifted into or out of the pen?
Would this work around the Christmas tree? I want to keep my toddler and small dogs a few feet back from the tree.
Can two pens be attached together to make one large pen?
how many 24x24 pieces you get
can 2 of these be put together
Is there a door
Connecting pens: Can you connect pens to make a larger play area?
Would kittens, less than 8 weeks, be able to climb out of this?
total area it covers?
Can I separate the panels?
does the pen come with a gate/door so that the dog does not have to be lifted into or out of the pen?
Would this work around the Christmas tree? I want to keep my toddler and small dogs a few feet back from the tree.
Can two pens be attached together to make one large pen?
Is the kibble larger in size?
Is there a clear picture of the indgredients in this type of cat food...I cant remember if it has by product listed? unlike Science diet's mature cat)
Is it normal for the food to smell like rancid walnut oil? I just purchased my first bag and I remember that the 33 smelled a little like pumpkin.
Regarding the "softer kibble" claim: The kibble feels pretty hard to me, just as hard as my old brand of cat food. Thoughts?
Can anyone tell me what the phosphorus and sodium levels are in this food?
what size fountain will this produce at the surface of the water? I have a 5000 Gal Koi pond and it would have a 4 ft head height on it. Thank you.
I have a 3200 gal pond and want to use this only as a fountain. What size should I get if not using it to connect to a filter system?
is this the old 100W unit or the newer 75W version ?
Is this all you need for your pond or do you have to order a filter and other stuff or does this come with everything?
Is the height measurement from the wire floor or from the bottom of the plastic base?
Has anyone experienced the pan bowing and falling out of the stand?
Can this be used without the casters? I want to put the cage on top of a piece of furniture and I'm afraid it will roll off.
I purchased my hutch in 2009 and need a replacement pan. Can I just purchase a pan. The rest of the hutch is in great shape.
Is it good for two guinea pigs?
what are the measurements on this?????????????????? also can you remove the wire grate floor and just not use it?
what are the dimentions
Do you have to use the wire floor or can you just use the tray bottom? I have guinea pigs and don't want to hurt their feet.
What is the wire floor like? Everyone indicates it is not a wire grid so what is the floor. Could someone post a picture?
It this large enough for two rabbits?
I have three round pond plant containers. Each one is 18 inches in diameter and 8 inches deep. How much soil do I need to purchase?
Can i use this is in a planted aquarium
i dont know why my pond water so green :( can u help me...thank u so much
Why this media soil need to fully soaking before use? Is it Can be used without fully soaking first?
Can I use this media only for individual pot not a pond?
Why there does many soil clouding to be when I touch media soil in the water? Is it normal? Is it ok for fish and plant?
I just got this item for 1 day. From directions, why this needs a basket to put soil and plant into the water. Is it ok if I do not using basket?
picture shows 10 lb bag, but decription says 25 lb bag. Which is it?
Are these treats made in china? If so, forget it.
my bag doesn't say china but on the description it say china. is it from china?
Are smokehouse chicken strips safe?
are these chicken chips made in th usa or china
i purchased the chicken chips but i cant seem to find the expiry date for it. any help?
Now that I have chosen what I want, how do I order it?
Are these treats made in china? If so, forget it.
my bag doesn't say china but on the description it say china. is it from china?
Are smokehouse chicken strips safe?
are these chicken chips made in th usa or china
i purchased the chicken chips but i cant seem to find the expiry date for it. any help?
Now that I have chosen what I want, how do I order it?
Please help me understand the dimensions! What is the length of the "equal" sides of the triangle?
Will this work for a chinchilla? When you use this do you put bedding in the cage as well, or only in the pan?
Does anyone know where I can get replacement clips for this litter box? I really don't want to buy a new one just to replace one missing clip.
What type of "lock" does it have? Is it a screw system or hooks, or...
i have a 6lb bunny, do you think this would work for her because her size?
Will this fit in a medium sized travel carrier with a wire back?
size of rabbit to fit this small litter pan?
I plan on using this for two guinea pigs. Do I have to put litter in it? What if they try to eat the litter?
will this small litter box fit a lionhead rabbit?
Would this fit a 3 month old female ferret?
Will it fit an adult bearded dragon?
Does it work well with hamsters?
Will it fit an adult beardie?
Do you think this would fit my sugar glider?
Do they have different sizes?
would this fit a hedgehog
rat
would this be big enough for a rabbit?
Would this fit a hamster?
does this cover include the item pictured? wood frame cage?
Does this cover still provide enough ventilation even in extreme temperatures?
If I order this is it going to what is it going to send....Is it the whole item in the picture or just pieces of this?
Could I use this for guinea pigs
I wonder if I should get the jumbo size or regular? I have a cottontail mix rabbit and it looks like it will be the sized of a cotton tail rabbit.
How to do train your rabbit to use this? I'm new to rabbit and just adopted a 4 yr old bunny and he's just doing his business all over the cage. Thx.
Can I used it for a chinchilla? any chew problems?
has anyone else s grate break? or the plastic crack?
Is there anyway to just replace the grate in the bottom without buying a whole new litter box? I can't find it on this website. Thanks!
How tall is the front of the box? I have two dwarf bunnies and want to make sure that it will not be too tall for them to get into to.
Is this suitable for rats or would the smaller size be better ?
how big is it i have a hedgehog is it big and yet small
Is the grate on top large enough for the poop pellets to fall through, or is this only for urine?
Do Guinea pigs use these?
Would this be enough room for two very tiny 2.5lbs yorkies to just do their business in? Trying to keep them safe from the hawks.
How long is it from end to end?
Is the door to the nesting area big enough for a large chicken to go through? Anyone have the dimensions of it?
Which pens are compatible with and can add to this "A" shape to make more living space for our hens?
We have a large permanent run but I'm looking for a portable A-frame to allow our 2 Rhode Island Reds to forage in the yard. Would this work for that?
Do you think a 5 pound and a 8 pound bunny could live in this easily?
Does the inside area have a floor?
what are the measurements?
Would this work for a Russian Tortoise?
will this fit 6 quails ?
I lost the little black cap. Is there some way I can get a replacement or two?
Help. No matter how much I tighten or not tighten the water overflows &amp; makes a mess. What am I doing wrong?
Do you fill this by screwing off the black plastic lid?
Can this be hung?
can u buy just the bottom red piece?
How do you use the water system to regulate the water flow
Can this chicken waterer be used with a heater base? Thanks!
Good morning. How sturdy is this model? If, in winter, when it is below freezing, if it dropped, how likely is it to chip or shatter?
Would you recommend these for use on a reptile? Specifically for trimming the nails of a 16 inch long pet Bearded Dragon lizard.
will this work on a 7 lb dog?
Will these work on a 5 pound rabbit?
Has anyone used these for a hedgehog? Thank you in advance!
where are they made
Hello, are these 100% rawhide with no other ingredients added?
what is the total quantity?
About how many rolls do you get for 6 lbs worth?
Are these made in the USA?
Where are hides from? Where is product manufactured?
dog bowls
is the inside of this bowl straight up and down or slanted?
how much do they hold?
is it ceramic or hard plastic?
Is this wide enough for a large cat to eat comfortably? Some cats have sensitive whiskers that are irritated by a small bowl.
Is this black or brown?
where is it made?
is this bowl microwave safe?
what are the ingredients?
Is this for the prevention of lice/mites or for the treatment thereof?
Anyone's cat(s) do their business in the pockets? :-) I suspect mine will, even if there's a scoop in the way. UPDATE: None of mine has shown the slightest interest in using the pockets! However, I underestimated how much this thing will weigh once...
What's the deal with the storage compartments? What do you put in there? The scooper I'm assuming but why and do the cats mess with it or miss?
What are the measurements for this pan?
Do you think I can remove the storage pockets with a hack saw? I really need that 26" pan size, I have three very large boys needing space?
Unanswered question: please help. The length of this box is listed as 34.7 inches. Is that without the pockets? Or with? Important difference
I have one cat who sometimes urinates over the top and I need to use covered boxes. It this deep enough to use instead?
are there other litter boxes available that are larger than this?
This litter box looks shallow. Does anyone have an issue with their cats kicking litter outside this box?
Can I use this for a dog?
Where is it made?
Is there any danger of it setting fire to bedding straw?
Will a 5 gal water feeder fit on It or would it be too big?
I have a galvanized metal tub (I think it holds probably about 10 gallons) and the base would be larger than the heater would this work????
It says not to use it with an extension cord. We would have to. Does anyone know the risk?
can it be used outdoors
how hot does this get?
Can I use a plastic container with it?
Does ivermectin treat fleas?
Is this product safe for cats? Does it treat mites and skin infections?
Is this safe to deworm dogs?
It says to squirt it into the horse's mouth and hold his head up until he swallows, but that's not going to work. Can I just mix it into his food?
Can i use this on a Pig?
Does this work on horses
Does this work on horses
Does anyone have used it on rats? If yes what would be the dosage for small female rats? Thanks.
Would this feeder be appropriate for 3 chickens? The other one made for chickens is too large.
So does the feed all come out at once are is therre a small open that keeps some of it back just lets it out as need?
Can you adjust the flow of the feed that comes out?
About how many pounds of food does this hold? (Is it 7 pounds, like in the title of the product?) Thank you!
Does this feeder have a lid?
are there toys all non toxic.Seems obvious they would be but I don't see any info on the packaging
Does this toy float in water?? My dogs play in the pool so I need toys that will float. Thank you!!
How does the large fish toy compare to the Cuz toys as far as durability? Is it more durable, less durable, or about the same? Thanks!
what is the 7.25" measurement - the length? What's the approx diameter over the belly, and where does the dog need to chew to make it make noise?
Where are JW pet products manufactured?
Does it keep ants off?
I'm looking for a stand for cat food bowls that are about 4.5 inches in diameter (or a bit less). What are the diameters of the holes?
Are the bowls one pint each, or one pint together?
What size are the bowls 64oz? 32oz?... I have a 90 pound dog and I can't see the size from the picture
Is the color of the stand that holds the dishes black?..also, could I have the measurements of the med. and large size, especially the height?
My cat Ali has a bad stomach rash. Will switching from plastic to this type of bowl really help?
Each bowl holds 1 pint ( 2 cups ) or total 2 bowls hold 1 pint? Thank you
According to one of the answers to the HEIGHT question, the legs falls off if you don't glue them on. Will they fall off unless glued?
Doest it come with 2 stainless steel bowls?
What is the diameters of the bowls?
Do the refills fit the adams brand cat phermone defusers?
do the comfort zone refills fit in the Feliway diffusers?
Is this an empty bottle to be refilled by the purchaser? Does it instead have the refill liquid already inside?
Refill or defuser: Is this just a refill or is it the defuser as well
Does the comfort zone refill fit the Seargent Sentry plug in diffuser?
I'm new to grooming (i.e. non-professional). My clipper came with a #10 blade - is it better/safer to buy these comb guards versus individual blades?
Will the attachments fit my Andis 2 speed Detachable plus + Model AG2?
Do these fit the AGC2 Model by Andis? Thanks!
I have a Maltipoo and a Maltese/Shi Tzu mix. Will these combs go through their hair without getting tangled?
Will this fit on the Andis 22360 AGC Super 2 speed. Does this work well on Yorkie and Shitzu? I have one of each.
do these work with the Andis Improved Masters? And can you use these for human hair?
Will this fit the Andies UltraEdge Special Edition?
Will these fit pet clippers with the removable blades? I have one of the Easy clip models.
does it fit Andis Styliner II ?
I need to return the set - I didn't see anywhere that they wouldn't fit a #10 Andis Pro clipper. Are there bigger ones or am I missing something?
Can you give me the length in inches? I am looking for the one that is about 6" long. My dog loves it and I need to replace the one we currently hav
can i get it in orange?
Are there 2 toys that go with this order ? An orange &amp; green one.
is it made in usa?
Does this work with a 240v outlet?
I have about 1-2 gallons of water in my turtle tank..Will this filter be able to filter the dirty water out. Is it noisy? Do you recommend?
i have a baby turtle would this work in like 3 gallons of water or would it be to strong?
is this for a mississippi map frog
How long is the cord?
Does it come with the rock formation that hides/decorates the filter?
does it consume a lot of energy or as an usual device?
Do you have to buy specifically tetra fauna medium filter cartridges, or is there a different brand I can use?
What are the dimensions? How tall is this filter?
How many filters are in this box?
Is this tall enough for. Labrador, he's 7 months and 70 lbs will it work?
Does this product come with the bowls?
How tall is it? and what is diameter of hole the bowls go in?
Hey, just to make sure...each bowl is 2 quarts, correct?
Would this stand accommodate 8 inch bowl with not much of a lip?
I want one in pink. How can I make sure I get a pink one?
Is this toy freezable?
Is there any difference between this Kong Binkie and the Kong Medium Puppy? Is there any advantage of one over the other?
Is this bone hard pacifier? My pug likes to suckle on toys so wonder if this type would meet that need.
Hi. Just placed my order within the last 5 minutes. Could you please send me blue? Thanks!
Looking for latex free puppy toys. This states that this toy is rubber, does that mean latex rubber?
Is this a product of China?
I recently got 3 gerbils and i was wondering if this was ok for them
What type of wood I'd used in this product. Is it ok for chinchillas?
What is used to color the wood? A pet rat would chew on it and I would like it to be free of chemical dyes
Can you add AmmoniaSafe and BettaSafe together when changing tap water in a Betta fish half gallon tank with 1 fish? How much do we add of each?
Is this water conditioner okay for a fish bowl?
Is this substantially different from regular water conditioner for tropical fish?
can freshwater aquarium salt be used with it
How much would u put a week or etc.
What does it mean in the description where it says "adds a protective slime coating"?
Does the filter do anything? Do you keep it on?
Which of the dimensions shown above is the width and is that the widest point of the top that overlaps the bottom?
What is the height of the front from floor to the door opening?
Can one purchase a door for this litter box? If so, where?
What color does it come in? Can I choose?
i don't understand why there is no door since there are hooks for a door.
What litter bags fit this cat box?
How deep is just the pan without the cover?
Does it come with a flap door!?!?
Would this be good for a Hedgehog?
Would this be a good product to have two fancy rats in?
how long do these things last?
would it be good for a rabbit
would this be good for 2 guinea pigs?
can I get it shipped to the UK
does it work well for Hedgehogs?
would it be good for a leopard gecko, for play time while clean cage?
is it good for ferrets????
does it stay in the "star" shape?
is ichthammol 20% only for horses?
what is salve for?
what strength is this salve?
What color it this salve? the salve i have is yellow and its old man or beast salve and i like it and want some thing close to what i have...
What are the exact ingredients in this? I, oops my pet, is quite sensitive and I need to know what is in it. Thank you!
I am pretty sure my dog has a foxtail embedded in his paw. Vet cant see him for 5 days. Anyone try this salve to soften and draw it out? thank you!
does your sauve have sanguinarine in it if it does will keep it when it arrives saturday june 7th,if not will be sending it back thank you
What are the COMPLETE ingredients of this salve? I have extreme allergies to many things and need to know.
How do you remove the salve? My sister-in-law applied it and it was terrible to remove.... it was thick and she had to practically rub her skin off!
I have a place on my arm where my mother had a skin cancer will this heal it?
does this remove pet smell from dog?
What scent does this leave behind? I've had bad luck with leather cleaners leaving behind chemical or heavy citrus odors.
Will this work to clean and condition a high dollar leather jacket i have? its several years old and starting to show age and its a bit dirty from use
I am going to use a deglazer after the saddle soap to prepare it for dyeing. Is this going to work for me or is there also a conditioner in the soap?
I want to use this product for my chevy suburban truck it has light gray leather will it be ok
Can I use this product on leather car seats? I know it can clean leather saddles, but leather car seats are softer and more delicate.
Can I use this with a plastic water container? Or just metal?
will this work on a 5 gallon water container?
Do chickens peck at or otherwise mess with the cord?
How many amps does this draw?
where is thermostat
Can I use this inside the coop? It says "for outdoor use"
Amazon description says "outdoor use in a covered area", but sheet that comes with it states INDOOR ONLY. Can it be used in an outdoor run with roof?
Anyone used this with plastic? That is what I have?
What is the difference between HP-125 and the HB-125? Thanks!
What is the diameter of the base?
What happens if the bucket is out of water? Does the heated bucket shut off? Is there a melting hazard if there is no water in it?
Can I drill a 3/8" hold to install a watering nipple for chickens without causing an electrical problem
does this have a 3 prong plug in
Does this bucket have a three prong plug? or just two?
Does the bucket shut-off and turn-on at a certain temperature?
Is this made of a rubber type or plastic material? The plastic ones I've bought split when hung or in very cold weather.
how long is the cord to plug in?
Says it has a thermostat, but answers indicate it's always on. Can anyone verify for sure?
In a normal 80 degree day what temperature does the water get to?
what temperature can it reach, would it get warm enough for a shower ?
Will a Gouldian Finch fit in here??
What are the dimensions?
What are the measurements: not sure if this will fit my cage?
would this product work for a cockatiels
What are the inside dimensions? The exterior says L x D x H. Does L = Width (left to right when looking straight on)? Does D mean front to back?
What is the best pole to mount this house on?
Im wanting to attach this birdhouse to a tree. Do I need to purchase anything additional to do so? What all do I need to attach it?
Does the top of birdhouse hinge open?
Can i use Woodlink NAPOLE 3-Piece Bird Feeder Pole Kit to mount this bird house?
How often should these be changed? I have two Fluval filters, 105, 305 on a 40 gallon breeder tank (used for a turtle and guppies only).
Does this work on a zoo med 501 filter
How good is the Surface Area for these? More rough=more SA.
Out of one box which is about 18 ounces, how many gallons of water would this be good for? Simply because I have a 55gal aqaurium
Hi, I'm totally new at this What do I do with these? Do they go in the tank? Do I put them in the filter, replacing what's there now? Thanks!
Do the bio rings come in a bag like the Aquaclear Biomax Or they come loose and will required to buy the nets extra ?
Dose this work for salt water filters?
Should you clean the bio rings? I thought these held all the good bacteria? I have had my same rings in for over a year and never cleaned them
I bought these and as per instructions I rinsed them first, but I used tap water. Did the chlorine in my tap ruin them? I'm letting them dry out. :/
Can I just drop these in my tank? Would that be a problem? Or do I necessary have to put it inside a water filter?
can this product be used for mites in humans?
Can this product be used for cats that have mange/hair loss? If not, what do you recommend. ointment wise?
I want to buy three bottles of this remedy, would I get free shipping? I am very interesting in buying please answer me as soon as possible.
My dog has allergies and constantly licking her paws. She does get allergy shots, but still licks...would this help with allergies?
How long does it take this stuff to dry? Does the smell remain after the product dries?
Can this be used on a dog that is nursing puppies @ 3 weeks
Is it safe to use this product while treating your dog with ivermectin for demodex? I don't want to over medicate my pup.
what if I have to use this on a dogs muzzle? How do you keep them from licking it??
after putting it on my dog can i cover it with gauze?
is it as good as ivomec
will a cockatoo fit?
can it be used with a seatbelt
Does it have a perch in it?
is it to small for a amazon red front
can 2 sunconures fit &amp; can you carry it like a back pack?
This bowl, that I got 2 years ago, is rusting. I need a new bowl (info on this site says I can get a replacement bowl) How do I get one?
Is it possible to adjust temperature settings?
I'm just looking for a new bowl. I have looked on Amazon and can't find one. How do I get one?
how long is the cord?
is the collar adjustable as 17.7" seems quite large for our dog.
How long does the collar last ?
Has anyone had a problem with your dog wearing a DAP collar leaking (urine) at night?
Does it help with barking at guests
is collar ajustable
Does it help with barking at guests
Will this help with a dog who has house training issues?
Does this at all help with separation anxiety?
Will this work for a dachshund who whines in his crate at night?
Can the collar get wet? I would guess not but was wondering
will this collar help stop my dogs from fighting with each other?
If this works for my dog, about how long are these collars effective? A month? 3 months? I'm thinking the pheremone eventually dissipates.
Will this collar fit my 60 lb pit/lab 1 1/2 year old
Is the same collar that is sold at the vet's office. Box looks the same, but wow...so much less expensive than the price I just paid at Vet office.
Is this collar good for small dogs? I recently adopted a Maltese mix 3 yr old puppy mill dog.She is very timid, and is afraid of the outsiside.
is adaptil a disposable collr that has to be replaced every month?
Newest reviews, does it work on Labrador retrievers
Wondering what the protocol for wearing the collar is - alternatives to 'just put it on. Issues are only anxious in crate &amp; along?
Is the collar sceted
How long does this product last before it has to be replaced?
Is this effective against ringworm?
Can it be used to sanitize the air in my condo? Is it ok for me &amp; mes pet rats to be in thecondo right after fogging it? Thanks
What is inside this bottle? What are the ingredients i mean?? I cant read the label
Is it ok to use in my laundry? Would it kill dust mites? Disinfect but without demaging clothes? How much should I use per laundry load? Thanks
Is there an egg withdrawal period?
will this kill Hantavirus from mice? Can I use it in a fogger?
How much per gallon of water do I use to spritz my chickens with that have Fowl Pox? I was told I must use this to help them by a chicken expert
Does anyone know where I can purchase oxine from that ships to the uk?
Do sell Brass Name Plates also? If so, could you attatch it with my info?
Is the collar pictured the exact collar you'll receive?
if you can attatch a brass name plate, attatched with rivets, I'll purchase the collar and nameplate. Brass Name Tag For Dog Collar With 3 Set Rivet P
Do you sell pet id plates?
Can I buy a pet id plate that fastens to the collar? If so, Can you fasten it to the collar?
Are there low attachments as well so in the case of a bad accident w/ a lot of force (or rollover) the tube doesn't fly up and hit the ceiling?
How sturdy is the large tube? Moving x-country with 3 cats + litter box. Will it hold up being moved multiple times from car to hotel w/cats inside?
what about the seatbelts in the seats do they interfer? I have a GMC Acadia
How did you get more than one cat inside the kennel? Did they not fight you or try to escape when you put in the second or third cat?
Can you get a litter box in there?
I have two dogs under 10 lbs, a Pekingese pup and a Bich-poo. Would the large be too spacious for them? I want them secure but not on top of each other.
Is the large one big enough for my 70 lb lab ?
Is there any reason this could not be attached to the headrests but have it sitting in the back of my SUV? It's the same height as the back seat.
I have a lab that loves to chew things. She's chewed through multiple harnesses. Has anyone had trouble with their dog chewing through this?
if you get the large, is there a way to zip up the excess/adjust (i have a retriever puppy who will eventually need a large, but fits small now
will this work for cat not covering poo? My large cat doesn't cover her poo... will this box work?
Do you have to use crystals for this littler box to work or can you use regular clumping litter?
I've had mine three weeks and my cat refuses to use it. I will have to send it back soon. Any suggestions on getting him to use it?
What's the difference between ultra and regular?
what is the difference between Original and Ultra cat litter box? get back to me when you can thank you.
Can i use Tidy cat clumping litter with this instead of the prefilled litter tray/blue crystal one?
What do you have purchase with this item? Does it come with the litter?
the rake rusts are there any replacement parts to this system?
my 2 cats won't use it...help! one cat peed in it once-that's it...any ideas?
The prefilled litter box trays seems expensive. Can you refill the tray yourself from a bag of blue crystal litter to save money?
Does this come with the perches
Is a playpen cover available? I'm draping a drop cloth over mine at night, but would like to find something designed for the purpose.
How much height is there between the floor and the first shelf?
Could you get a covered litter box in and out of the door to change it each day? I can't see how large the door opening is, from the picture.
Would you reconsider a return? My cat passed away 10 days ago &amp; we have never opened the box
Is there mats you can purchase to put on the perches to make it a little extra comfy?
Can it injure my cats? Im leery of purchasing one after hearing about people having to have thier cats toes amputated!!!
How many cats can this accommodate comfortably?
What is the measurement of the door openings??
Where was it manufactured?
What filter media arrangement should I use in my FX5? I have 2 Adult Red Eared Sliders in an 125G (72x18x22) aquarium filled 16" high w/ water.
How many Fluval BioMax boxes does it take to fill up one tray? Fluval Pre-Filter boxes? Fluval Carbon media bags? Fluval Ammonia Remover bags?
What filter media should be used and in what order (top to bottom) should they be placed in an FX5 if you're using it for a RES aquarium/tank?
Can some of the lower foam inserts (around the media trays) be removed in order to place additional biomedia or any other media of choice?
Fluval FX5 canister filter: Does the FX5 have any poorly designed fittings like quick disconnects or large 0-rings that are prone to failure/leaks?
can this filter be turned down if you don't need it running full strength?
Does it mark up or dent the ceiling/headliner?
does this product work with 21lb cats?
I have a Lexus RX350 which is considered a crossover and has a weird angled backseat/trunk area. Do you know if it will fit?
Will it fit 2013 honda Pilot ?
Does it have a gate. I would need two for the back of my 2005 chev trailblazier for two cats ??? You know cats can get out of things? thanks
Will it fit a 2012 ford focus hatchback?
Would it work in a 2013 Prius? How does it attach?
will it fit a Ford Expedition
Will this barrier fit behind the front seats with the back seats folded down on a Toyota Highlander?
Will it fit 2013 Subaru Outback?
what are the dimensions of this mat I saw someone said 47x32 is that correct?
please tell me what the dimensions are. And please add them to the description.
Is it actually soft? It says easy on paws, is this true?
What about urine accidents? How do you clean it?
what are the measurement of this mat?
I've owned one of these for about 6 months now. Unfortunately it appears to have stuck to my sealed concrete floor. Any ideas on how to clean/remove?
What are the actual dimensions of the mat that is available for ordering? There are several different answers. Please put it in the description.
Can you fit 2 litter boxes on this mat?
Will cats scratch up the material?
I noticed that you dont ship to PR. Can you please make an exception for this Christmas and ship to PR 00976. I will be greatly appreciated.
How far apart are the bars on this cage? Would you say that it's appropriate for Sugar Gliders?
Good morning, please we would like to know the shipping dimensions of the cage for the delivery?
I'm needing to order a replacement bottom pan for this cage. Any ideas on where I could do so? Also wanting to get cover for the shelves in it.
Would this crate be suitable for two month old kittens who would grow up using it when their human parent is out?
Will this work with the Laguna Max-Flo 1350 (PT8240) pond pump?
I attached 1" diameter pond hose, and all the fittings leak terribly! How do I resolve this?
This came fitted in the koi pond when I bought my house. I don't know if it needs filter or UV bulb replacement. Is there an indicator for these?
does the 2100 model come with a pump?
What size hose does the 2100 filter use?
I have a pondmaster mag. drive utility pump, 1,800 gph. Will that work with this filter?
what pump do I use with this filter
Can it be installed on a hollow wooden door?
can this cat door be used in an interior wall (from the kitchen to the garage) ?
my cat can get in when it is locked by pushing an rocking the corners until he gets his foot behind the corner and pulls it open, popping the lock mechanism. It takes him 5 minutes. Does any one know what to do about this?
Are the measurements listed on Amazon of 14.7" x 9.6" x 1.9", the Inside Diameter dimensions of the Tubby Cat Door itself. If not, what specifically are they for. Thanks, Steve
The plastic cat door doesn't swing closed after the cat exits. Is the one I have defective?
If you put this on an exterior door, how do you keep raccoons and other animals out?
To replace an old, existing, cat door so I need something close to, or adaptable to, an already existing door opening measuring 6 1/2" (across) by 8 1/2" (vertically). The last resort would be to order a custom made cat door but I'd prefer not too...
Is there a sealant around the door to keep out bugs and keep A/C in the house
can this cat door be installed on an exterior fiberglass door
Can this be installed in a wall instead of a door?
Can you buy replacement blades
What can I buy to demat my cat? Has't so many mats in her long fur.
How do you use this plz instruction needed.
This pet trimmer does not work at all ? Not one hair was cut ?
Is this okay to use on hardwood floors? On tile?
Has anyone tried it to remove musty/moldy smells? Our basement was damp and had a lot of mold. Had to replace drywall but the smell is still around.
how does it work on concrete
Is the product still working once it dries completely? Do you need to wash cushions with water or detergent after?
how does it work on cushion furniture?
Is the gallon size unscented? I tried the quart size unscented and that formula is what I want but in a bigger size.
is it any better than nature's miracle advanced for getting rid of cat pee?
Can this be used on laminate floors?
Can it be used a s a spray air freshener?
wil it get rid of poop smells in will it get rid of smells in grass
Is this product good for Cockatiels? Would it be too small?
can you take the top bowl off without unhooking the wholething
Can this work inside the cage?
Is the bath all one depth?
Would this bath be too small for an Umbrella Cockatoo ? She gets in her drinking water and bathes but lawd what a mess she makes with that as you can
is this big enough for an african gray parrot ? thank you
is this product too small for an African Grey? If yes, any suggestion?
The Product Dimensions: say this is 1 x 1 x 1 inches ; 0.2 ounces. Is this large enough for a cockatiel?
does this come in a larger size?
does anyone know if this would work for hummingbirds??
Can someone tell me how big the small milkbone is ? I am trying to find a good biscuit that will fit into my dogs new treat ball.
Are they Made in the USA?
Is there an expiration date on these?
How many come in this box ?
Does it really help clean teeth and freshens breath?
Does anyone know what Milkbone size fits the Pet Pez?
What size are the milk bones for small/medium sized dogs?
Did you know Milk Bone makes their treats with ingredients from China. And ingredients from China have been know to be harmful to pets
How many calories are there in one treat?
How good are these milk bones for toy Yorkies?
Where are Milk bones manufactured?
Why did the price for this 10-pound box of medium original Milk-Bone biscuits suddenly go from $11.00 (Prime) to $24.99 (Prime)??
how many calories are in med size milk bone per whatever oz.?
Meat and Bone Meal? What kind of meat? My dog is allergic to chicken. Does anyone know ?
What are these dog bones made of?
I want to stop my own dog from barking in the house. Will this device work for that purpose?
Does the Dazer II penetrate through a 'lapped and capped' wooden fence.
How does it work on cats?
I am looking for something to keep my dog from barking all the time...does this product help with that?
is it going to damage dog's hearing?
I am looking for something to keep my dog from biting our hands and feet.
Does it work on coyotes?
IS THIS MADE IN U.S?
I have a well trained dog and I don't want to torture her. Would this stop the neighbors yappy dogs without bothering my good dog?
Will it work on bears?
Hi, could someone e so kind as to let me know if there is a rear and front mesh on the stroller? Also, does it come with padding?
What is the maximum weight this pet stroller will carry?
I love my stroller and so does my Papillon. some one triped over the front wheel. Where can I order a new one?
Does this stroller have a retractable leash and who is the stroller made by?
Rearview window: Can anyone tell me if there is a rear mesh screen for the pet to see out of?
Can someone please tell me what the INSIDE dimensions are? Thanks
what are the dimensions for the different pads?
Are there any fire hazard issues with this pad?
I have a small cat house that is 14" x 14". I see that the smallest one is 14" x 18". Would I be able to fold one end and make it fit?
Does this shut off automatically? How long will it stay on?
Does anybody know what the function of the red button is on the back Side of this item. If so how does it work.?
can you use this with an extension cord ?
How much does the heating pad cost to run every month for the electric? I'm on a fixed income and would appreciate an answer. Thank you...
Does it have a "chew proof" cord?
can this pad be put under a cat blanket in the cat bed?
Does it come with the fleece cover?
Does it emit heat without pressure? Not sure the feral cats will check it out unless the heat draws them to it.
Can u leave plugged in all the time?
what is the correct size to purchase for a cat? And, do you have any "life expectancy" of the pad?
Can u leave plugged in all the time?
How long is the cord please
Can you put a more padded dog bed on top of these heaters?
Where are K&amp;H's products made?
Is the electrical cord protected from inquisitive and chewing pets?
is it automatic shut off
Does this come with the pad or is that sold seperately and also is this 19 x 24?
Will it work if I put it under a Rug/carpet. My dogs will destroy it for sure above rug.
How big of a pad for a dog 40-45 lbs?
can i put it on top of the carpet?
Takes 20 min to heat, never gets beyond a bit warm, &amp; coils are easily felt &amp; uncomfortable to sit on. Is it defective or are they all like this?
I bought from the same company the "hard" version of this large pad. It quit after infrequent use and I had to throw it away. Has anyone had any luck with this "soft" version lasting for more than a year or two?
Bed soft enough to fit in a 23 x 33 footprint? With vac sealing, can't tell. THOUGHT it was soft, but skeleton seems rigid. Should've gotten medium.
Can it it be used indoors?
dimensions
Can I use it inside a outdoor bed? The bed they have now is the only one they won't scratch holes through. This by itself I fear won't last a few days
My dog sleeps on an air bed (air mattress). Will the heater work under the air bed so the air inside of the airbed is warm or at least not cold?
How deep can the water be in the tank when using this filter?
I love this filter but it stopped working. Can i just replace the pump on the inside?
WILL IT FIT IN A TEN GALLON TANK?
My filter is making a sound like it is sucking up air but It is right below the max level and nothing I am doing is helping. How do I fix this?
What size filter pads do I get for my model 25905 I can't find that anywhere is where it says what size to use
Will this fit in a BOW FRONT 28 gallon tank?
I already have a powerful filter but was wondering if i could use this as a basking platform for my 5 inch turtle?
how often do u need to change filters? can i do anything inbetween replacements to increase filter life? i have 80 ga tank 2/3 full w/1 med sz turtle.
Is there any way this can come apart in the tank? My turtle use to eat the carbon filters with the green pump, hopefully, he cant break this open.
I have a Red Ear Slider that is about 9 inches long and 7 inches wide, I am looking at getting the Beckett 35 gal pond for, would this filter work?
What are the REAL Dimensions of this unit? Amazon and Dr. Foster Smith both show different figures??
How many gph is this?
What filtration medias are recommended this? I used the stuff that came with it but one of the baskets is still empty
180
What is the size of the tubing for the XL and the L? ID 5/8" or 1/2"
How often should filtration media be replaced? Or is a thorough rinsing sufficient?
what the ID and OD on the Tubling?? cause i dont trust those Hose Clamp....dont want any leak.
Would this filter be good for a turtle tank.... where the water level will be 7 or 8 inches below the top of the tank? I've bought other filters, got them home only to find out that the water level couldn't be more than a few inches from the top of the...
What is the Height and width of the canister filter
Do they sell additional inlet pipe extensions? I used the 2 that came w/ it but could use another to make it reach down further
Is the height of 10 inches with the legs extended or folded in? If the latter, what's the total height with the legs extended?
Do you have replacement parts? The pad and feeder tray.
Will this seat accommodate a 35 lb. Schnauzer?
Do you think a 15 pound dog would be okay in this seat?
The swivel buckle on the 3-way strap attached to the seat has broken twice. Can this strap be replaced?
how many biscuits in a pkgs of super single peanut butter biscuits
Why is there a photo of deck stain on this listing, and you are selling one dog biscuit for $33.70?
where is this product made?
Calories not listed on box.... but they are on other Blue Dog treats like "Doggie Paws" (list 10 calories each). I have a doxie that I REALLY need to watch his weight. What are calories in this Assorted Flavors treat?
when do these expire?
Are these biscuits hard and crunchy, or are they fairly easily eaten? Two of my furkids are 13.5 years old and 11.5 years old. Thank you!
Why is this coming up in a search for wheat free dog biscuits?! This is NOT wheat free.
the amazon ad says in parenthesis (Sept 2006) . what does that date mean- date of manufacture???
What is the % of Crude fat, crude protein &amp; crude fiber in these treats
Where are your ingredients from
How many 10 oz. boxes are there? One or as advertised a pack of 6? Thanks.
I have a 6.5 pound mini-doxie are these good size for her?
why are the stars not listed ?
Would this work in a 5 gallon bucket with 1/4" hose to run water on diamond drill bit to cut stone? Thank you.
can i use this pump to pump water from the floor to my tank its about 60 inches up when doing water changes
I just bought the rio plus 1400 and the output nozzle is .75in the same size as my clear vinyl tube, is there anyway to fit the pump?
I have a 40 G tank on that sits on the floor, can I hook it up to a 30 feet tube and have it pump water into a drain?
Can this be used in a pond?
Can this pump be installed externally? Or does it have to be submerged?
How long is the cord?
what is this pump's wattage?
what size tube is used for the output?
Does it include an adapter to connect a 1/2" garden hose to the output?
Will this Taam Rio Plus 1100 Aqua pump and powerhead work in my application? I am thinking of using this pump in a non-aquarium application. I want to fill a 5 gallon pail of water on my shop floor. I want to place the pump in the pail, to pump a thin...
Is solar power an option for this pump?
could this pump water up a vinyl line about 6 feet up to a tank, i want to circulate the water out to a bucket, filter it, airate it then send it bac
is this pump work with a 50 gallon fish tank?
Does anyone know what size tubing can be attached to the outflow?
how many watts is it
Does this contain catnip?
Is the inside of the body plastic or cardboard?
Does this mouse rattle when you shake it? Does this mouse rattle when you shake it?
Are these mice made with real rabbit fur and have real leather tails?
When urine goes from carpet into pad, does this product still work if pad is also soaked with urine?
Does this work outside on cement? My dogs potty in one space (small cement backyard) and I can't use bleach or other chemicals.
I have both regular Pure Ayre and the one for pets. Is the one for pets same as other but just labeled differently so we know it can be used for pets
is the one gallon bottle ready to use out of the container, or, is it to be diluted with water before use ?
Just received this &amp; it has a noticeable vinegar or sour smell to it, more so than mint. I'm wondering if I have a bad batch or if that's normal?
Can I use this to get rid of smells after cooking in my apartment?
where is this made?
Does this toy come with extra squeakers/
Is this toy machine washable?
Where is this toy from? Is it made in China?
Is this toy made in the USA?
How long is it in cm?
Is there any way to find out if the bonita flakes are from China? Don't want to feed my cat edibles from China.
What age for cats/kittens would you recommend this for?
is this pouch or bag?
Are these bonita flakes from China?
sodium content? I bought the ones for humans, and when I opened the bag, it has a strong salty smell. How about this brand? all says 100% bonito.
How long does a 1-ounce container usually last?
is this container safety sealed...like a plastic tamper evident ring around cap, etc.
are there any guarantees with this product (i.e. "your cat will love it or your money back", etc.?
Does anyone know the ash content and/or magnesium content of these treats?
My DOGS love these treats and I add it to their food!! Where do you source the bonito for the bonito flakes? Is the fist from the US or ? Thank you!
can this be placed in a plastic tub?
Would this product be able to heat a 40 gallon tank? I need one to heat my turtle's tank.
I have a box turtle in a baby pool fitted into my fireplace. Will this melt the plastic or be too hot? Will this keep him warm?
My turtle has a habit of breaking everything that goes into the tank or trying to eat it (long story)--so , my question is will he be able to break it
Has anyone taken this apart and discovered if the thermostat on it is adjustable at all?
what's the turtle on the box?
what's the turtle on the front?
can It be hid under rocks
There's a light on this? If so where on the housing can I find it? Thanks
This may be a silly question, but how do I tell if this product is working? Sometimes I see a red light come on, sometimes I don't.
Where can I buy a replacement ball for this?
Blind Cat Toy--More Suggestions?
Anyone try this with a dog, if so, did he/she like it and use it?
My cat is blind do you think this toy would work for her? Dose the ball make a noise as it moves in the track?
Is this weighted at all? My cat is a year old, but he's a large Bengal and I'm worried that he'll knock this all over the place.
Are lighted replacement balls available?
What do I do with the catnip?
How do you replace the round scratch pad? Unless I'm blonder than usual, it looks like the plastic tabs would break off.
Do older cats like this or is it only for kittens?
does the ball light up
do these work with the andis envy?
Do these fit Andis AGC2, with #10 blade?
Please help. I just bought this attachment set. I put an attachment on the clippers, run down my dog's back and nothing happens. The clippers do work.
Will these combs fit on Wahl 9590-210 Pro-series Complete Pet Clipper ?
Will these fit the Andis Master Model ML? I see the word pet keep coming up are these for pets only?
Will they work on Andis SpeedMaster PM4 ?
What combs fit on an Andis 2 speed AG2 clippers ? Thanks!
I HAVE THE AG2, WILL YOUR COMBS FIT?
Does anyone know which combs go with the Andis blades #3 3/4, #10, and 5/8? Have been using blades without benefit if combs; not good. Thanks, Robin
Do these fit the Andis AG super 2 speed? If not which would you recommend?
does the 163 dollar unit include the power supply and wire splices
Can you mount the power supply and controller outside?
Does the boundary wire have to be placed in the ground? My pup is a digger so I was thinking to secure it along the bottom of my fence?
does the 163 dollar unit include the power supply and wire splices
What type of collar is this? Is it an ultra-sonic MS-4?
Our yard only needs a fence on two sides. Could we run wire down two sides and double back? Hopefully using the same trench for returning wire.
If you replace the battery with the less expensive type and you remove but replace the black ring, does the collar remain waterproof enough to swim?
how long is the wire that comes with this?
I have got a Miniature doberman Pincher, 2.90kg, very small dog, would you recommend this Elite little dog in ground fence for her??
What keeps other animals outside the containment?
Is this collar universal to all pet safe systems
Does this collar work with the Sport Dog 100 Acre in-ground Fence System? I have a lab we use that for and we just got a bichon cross.
Could this system work on a cat?
i have PetSafe Stubborn Dog In-Ground Fence, PIG00-10777 will this collar work with that system?
My yorkie is 3 pounds yorkie. Will the collar be too strong shock and will it fit her small neck?
how much does the collar weight. how wide is the plastic portion w/ prongs?
This collar does not hold the setting; such as we put it on level 3 and each time we have to reset the collar when using. is this right?
Is this too strong or is it safe for a 3 lb. chihuahua?
i have 2 dogs can 2 collars work on one system?
Does anyone know if these collars have a warranty? I bought mine a couple months ago, replaced the battery once and now it doesn't work at all.
Sizing for toy dog
I have a Miniture Pinscher that weighs 17 pounds... She has about an 9' neck... What size is best for her? She is VERY strong. Small or extra small.
My dog measures 11" behind the ears. Would you recommend a small or medium?
What is the measurement around on the medium 3/4 in?
compared to other collars this style which is better for lab that pulls?
I want to add the ID information on a plate to this collar. How do I go about getting that done?
How to measure for neck correct size of dog collar
I am getting a labrador 8 week puppy. What size collar should I get
What is the exact measurement of the medium size. My Golden has been wearing one for several years and I measured it to be 18 inches. Is that medium?
What is the country of origin?
Sizing for toy dog
I have a Miniture Pinscher that weighs 17 pounds... She has about an 9' neck... What size is best for her? She is VERY strong. Small or extra small.
My dog measures 11" behind the ears. Would you recommend a small or medium?
What is the measurement around on the medium 3/4 in?
compared to other collars this style which is better for lab that pulls?
I want to add the ID information on a plate to this collar. How do I go about getting that done?
How to measure for neck correct size of dog collar
I am getting a labrador 8 week puppy. What size collar should I get
What is the exact measurement of the medium size. My Golden has been wearing one for several years and I measured it to be 18 inches. Is that medium?
What is the country of origin?
Sizing for toy dog
I have a Miniture Pinscher that weighs 17 pounds... She has about an 9' neck... What size is best for her? She is VERY strong. Small or extra small.
My dog measures 11" behind the ears. Would you recommend a small or medium?
What is the measurement around on the medium 3/4 in?
compared to other collars this style which is better for lab that pulls?
I want to add the ID information on a plate to this collar. How do I go about getting that done?
How to measure for neck correct size of dog collar
I am getting a labrador 8 week puppy. What size collar should I get
What is the exact measurement of the medium size. My Golden has been wearing one for several years and I measured it to be 18 inches. Is that medium?
What is the country of origin?
Sizing for toy dog
I have a Miniture Pinscher that weighs 17 pounds... She has about an 9' neck... What size is best for her? She is VERY strong. Small or extra small.
My dog measures 11" behind the ears. Would you recommend a small or medium?
What is the measurement around on the medium 3/4 in?
compared to other collars this style which is better for lab that pulls?
I want to add the ID information on a plate to this collar. How do I go about getting that done?
How to measure for neck correct size of dog collar
I am getting a labrador 8 week puppy. What size collar should I get
What is the exact measurement of the medium size. My Golden has been wearing one for several years and I measured it to be 18 inches. Is that medium?
What is the country of origin?
Sizing for toy dog
I have a Miniture Pinscher that weighs 17 pounds... She has about an 9' neck... What size is best for her? She is VERY strong. Small or extra small.
My dog measures 11" behind the ears. Would you recommend a small or medium?
What is the measurement around on the medium 3/4 in?
compared to other collars this style which is better for lab that pulls?
I want to add the ID information on a plate to this collar. How do I go about getting that done?
How to measure for neck correct size of dog collar
I am getting a labrador 8 week puppy. What size collar should I get
What is the exact measurement of the medium size. My Golden has been wearing one for several years and I measured it to be 18 inches. Is that medium?
What is the country of origin?
Sizing for toy dog
I have a Miniture Pinscher that weighs 17 pounds... She has about an 9' neck... What size is best for her? She is VERY strong. Small or extra small.
My dog measures 11" behind the ears. Would you recommend a small or medium?
What is the measurement around on the medium 3/4 in?
compared to other collars this style which is better for lab that pulls?
I want to add the ID information on a plate to this collar. How do I go about getting that done?
How to measure for neck correct size of dog collar
I am getting a labrador 8 week puppy. What size collar should I get
What is the exact measurement of the medium size. My Golden has been wearing one for several years and I measured it to be 18 inches. Is that medium?
What is the country of origin?
Sizing for toy dog
I have a Miniture Pinscher that weighs 17 pounds... She has about an 9' neck... What size is best for her? She is VERY strong. Small or extra small.
My dog measures 11" behind the ears. Would you recommend a small or medium?
What is the measurement around on the medium 3/4 in?
compared to other collars this style which is better for lab that pulls?
I want to add the ID information on a plate to this collar. How do I go about getting that done?
How to measure for neck correct size of dog collar
I am getting a labrador 8 week puppy. What size collar should I get
What is the exact measurement of the medium size. My Golden has been wearing one for several years and I measured it to be 18 inches. Is that medium?
What is the country of origin?
We treat "wet" (cheese or meat). Is the inside of this bag cleanable (plastic)?
Can somebody let me know about how long the waist strap is? I have a bit "extra" around the midsection. Thanks!
Can you run with this and it won't let the food fall out?
Where is this made?
What quantity of treats does it hold i.e. one cup, two cups?
How much food would you say this holds? I am looking for a good alternative to leather nail pouch I've been using which measures 9x7.
What are dimentions of bag?
You do not say size of bag. Please let me know.
Can you tell me how wide the pouch is? We have 2, a large and small. The small is too small to fit a hand in. We'd love to have another large one.
Can it hold a poop bags dispenser along with the treats?
Sizing for toy dog
I have a Miniture Pinscher that weighs 17 pounds... She has about an 9' neck... What size is best for her? She is VERY strong. Small or extra small.
My dog measures 11" behind the ears. Would you recommend a small or medium?
What is the measurement around on the medium 3/4 in?
compared to other collars this style which is better for lab that pulls?
I want to add the ID information on a plate to this collar. How do I go about getting that done?
How to measure for neck correct size of dog collar
I am getting a labrador 8 week puppy. What size collar should I get
What is the exact measurement of the medium size. My Golden has been wearing one for several years and I measured it to be 18 inches. Is that medium?
What is the country of origin?
Sizing for toy dog
I have a Miniture Pinscher that weighs 17 pounds... She has about an 9' neck... What size is best for her? She is VERY strong. Small or extra small.
My dog measures 11" behind the ears. Would you recommend a small or medium?
What is the measurement around on the medium 3/4 in?
compared to other collars this style which is better for lab that pulls?
I want to add the ID information on a plate to this collar. How do I go about getting that done?
How to measure for neck correct size of dog collar
I am getting a labrador 8 week puppy. What size collar should I get
What is the exact measurement of the medium size. My Golden has been wearing one for several years and I measured it to be 18 inches. Is that medium?
What is the country of origin?
Sizing for toy dog
I have a Miniture Pinscher that weighs 17 pounds... She has about an 9' neck... What size is best for her? She is VERY strong. Small or extra small.
My dog measures 11" behind the ears. Would you recommend a small or medium?
What is the measurement around on the medium 3/4 in?
compared to other collars this style which is better for lab that pulls?
I want to add the ID information on a plate to this collar. How do I go about getting that done?
How to measure for neck correct size of dog collar
I am getting a labrador 8 week puppy. What size collar should I get
What is the exact measurement of the medium size. My Golden has been wearing one for several years and I measured it to be 18 inches. Is that medium?
What is the country of origin?
Sizing for toy dog
I have a Miniture Pinscher that weighs 17 pounds... She has about an 9' neck... What size is best for her? She is VERY strong. Small or extra small.
My dog measures 11" behind the ears. Would you recommend a small or medium?
What is the measurement around on the medium 3/4 in?
compared to other collars this style which is better for lab that pulls?
I want to add the ID information on a plate to this collar. How do I go about getting that done?
How to measure for neck correct size of dog collar
I am getting a labrador 8 week puppy. What size collar should I get
What is the exact measurement of the medium size. My Golden has been wearing one for several years and I measured it to be 18 inches. Is that medium?
What is the country of origin?
Sizing for toy dog
I have a Miniture Pinscher that weighs 17 pounds... She has about an 9' neck... What size is best for her? She is VERY strong. Small or extra small.
My dog measures 11" behind the ears. Would you recommend a small or medium?
What is the measurement around on the medium 3/4 in?
compared to other collars this style which is better for lab that pulls?
I want to add the ID information on a plate to this collar. How do I go about getting that done?
How to measure for neck correct size of dog collar
I am getting a labrador 8 week puppy. What size collar should I get
What is the exact measurement of the medium size. My Golden has been wearing one for several years and I measured it to be 18 inches. Is that medium?
What is the country of origin?
We want to use it to block our dogs off in the kitchen when we go out. Can it be easily taken down &amp; put back up?
Want to use this at the top of our stairs to keep the baby from falling while allowing the Cat free reign of the house - would you recommend?
We purchased this gate to keep a cat out of a room and he can clear it! Any extensions we can add to the bottom to make gate taller?
how wide is it
Can two extensions be put one on each side, or must they only both be stacked on one side?
Can this be mounted into the wall? I believe my 60 pound lab will knock this over if it isn't mounted.
Would a 3-4 month old kitten fit through the bars?
Is it pressure mounted or do you have to screw it into the wall? I don't want to make holes in the wall.
How tall is it?
Can the "cat door" be taken off or propped open somehow? I have a blind kitty and want to keep the small door open permanently.
How many milligrams of Glucosamine/Chondroitin/MSM per ounce?
What is the list of ingredients? OTHER ingredients? Any SYNTHETIC ingredients? Additives?
How many calories does it have per serving? Is the serving 1 oz?
does this product contain shellfish ? there used to be a vegetarian version of this product thanks !
what is the shelf life of this product? As far as I know the tablet ones have a shelf life as 2 years. is it the same?
Are these tough and hard for anybody else? I just bought a bag and my dog has a hard time eating them because they are so tough.
Are these treats made in the USA ?
About how many treats come in the bag? The small dog size.
Is the walnut color very dark, and does it have much red in it as shown in the pictrue here? Thanks in advance!!!
Can someone tell us the exact measurements of this product please? There are conflicting dimensions listed...thanks much!
cant find a litter box for this item: what brand do u use?
What insert is used ? Need high sides
Is the back panel finished (white)? I'd like to turn the opening to the side rather than the front and hope the back is the same finish as the sides.
How bad is the odor with this box? I am moving to a tiny studio and need to minimize the odor. Also, any tips on general litterbox odor control please
will the breeze system fit?
Does the product itself give off an odor or paint smell? Thanks
I have a very large cat. Will it fit cats at least 19 lbs?
Is it made from wood/particle board or plastic?
inches
Does anybody know the sizes of this carrier? Long, wide and high? Thank you!
My dachshund will be 6 months when we travel and prob about 12-15 lbs by then. Wld the large or small size bag be better?
will my 20 lb. cat fit in this? and can he scratch thru it?
We have a 115lb Rottweiler. He's very gentle so I'm not worried about him flipping the crate over, I am just concerned if this is enough space for him
can you put two of them together to make a larger area?
how do you make them sturdier? I am using as more of a fence and the top is very wobbly. I zig zagged it a bit and that helped.
Hello, can I buy extra panels and connect to it?
How weather proof is this pen? I live in the PNW and just want to leave it outside.
Our old cat can't be trusted anymore- will this work for one cat, a litter box and a bed?
Does it have a top?
does it come in sections to be put together
would this work for my 3 Bengals cats?
I have a 40 lb Shar Pei will this be big enough for her to move around and put her bed in ?
Can you hang this cage, or is it for table top only?
Is this a good cage for a canary?
Is there a proper door to hang a square nest box on from the outside? Is there room in the medium size to hang a square nest box on the inside?
I ave two small meyers conures would this fit them?
I have a conure (a small parrot). Looking for a travel cage only. It seems like this would be perfect for a travel cage?
Is it a good cage for cockatiels?
I have 4 parakeets, can they fit in this cage?
How many doors? Which direction do they open (pull down, from side, slide up)?
Are there side doors that a box nest could be hung from?
does this cage have a pull out bottom for easy cleaning? and how many drop down openings are there?
is this big enough for a 100 lb shepherd ?? looks great with the golden in it !! Wow--many thanks everyone for all the answers given. Really helpful for my decision. Everyone have a nice holiday and give your dogs a big hug....
can this go into the washing machine?
How chew proof is this bed? I've got a rescue that has moments of destruction when I'm not home.
I have a bulldog with bad hip dysplasia. Is the bottom is made of poly or foam(orthopedic)? Can anyone recommend anything if better? Thanks
Does it have a zipper or the whole bed gets washed?
How thick is the bottom of the bed?
how to wash?
Would this bed be ok for my 2 Yorkies? 1 is. 2.5 lbs and the other is 5 lbs &acirc;~&ordm;&iuml;&cedil;&#143;&acirc;~&ordm;&iuml;&cedil;&#143;&acirc;~&ordm;&iuml;&cedil;&#143;
Is the bolster cushion rigid enough to be used as headrest/pillow?
This big enough for a 85 lb American Bulldog?
Can the cushion come out or is it sew together ?
Does this bed come in any other colors?
Do you Ship to Malaysia?
60 pound lab fit?
Can puppies flip the bowls over and spill the water?
Do the bowls come in any larger sizes?
where do I get more bowls?
Does water tend to get at the bottom under the bowl?
Do u guys know if they mk elevated dog bowls w/ slow feeder knobs inside the dish? One w/ the non-skid feet would be even better I think. You?
The description says this set is plastic with stainless steel bowls but some reviewers mention wood pieces. Would this be suitable for outdoor use?
Are the bowls the same size, for all 3 size/height models? What is the capacity of the bowls for the 14" model? Would it hold 4 cups of food?
How much food does the bowl hold? We usually put a cup of dry dog food in our dog's bowl right now and would like to know if it will hold that amount.
Are the bottoms of these bowls completely flat or do the sides have a slight slope (to pool food in the middle)?
I just bought this and there were no bowls included... do they come in a separate package?
Can puppies flip the bowls over and spill the water?
Do the bowls come in any larger sizes?
where do I get more bowls?
Does water tend to get at the bottom under the bowl?
Do u guys know if they mk elevated dog bowls w/ slow feeder knobs inside the dish? One w/ the non-skid feet would be even better I think. You?
The description says this set is plastic with stainless steel bowls but some reviewers mention wood pieces. Would this be suitable for outdoor use?
Are the bowls the same size, for all 3 size/height models? What is the capacity of the bowls for the 14" model? Would it hold 4 cups of food?
How much food does the bowl hold? We usually put a cup of dry dog food in our dog's bowl right now and would like to know if it will hold that amount.
Are the bottoms of these bowls completely flat or do the sides have a slight slope (to pool food in the middle)?
I just bought this and there were no bowls included... do they come in a separate package?
Can puppies flip the bowls over and spill the water?
Do the bowls come in any larger sizes?
where do I get more bowls?
Does water tend to get at the bottom under the bowl?
Do u guys know if they mk elevated dog bowls w/ slow feeder knobs inside the dish? One w/ the non-skid feet would be even better I think. You?
The description says this set is plastic with stainless steel bowls but some reviewers mention wood pieces. Would this be suitable for outdoor use?
Are the bowls the same size, for all 3 size/height models? What is the capacity of the bowls for the 14" model? Would it hold 4 cups of food?
How much food does the bowl hold? We usually put a cup of dry dog food in our dog's bowl right now and would like to know if it will hold that amount.
Are the bottoms of these bowls completely flat or do the sides have a slight slope (to pool food in the middle)?
I just bought this and there were no bowls included... do they come in a separate package?
It says it has a self watering feature, but I can't see anything like that from the pictures. How does that work?
How much water does the bowl hold?
Once you remove one of the bowls does that expose what's in the storage part? Also is it hard to remove the top to fill food bowl with food in storage
This item sounds so large: 18 inches long and 8 inches wide? Is this correct?
What's the bowl's capacity with dry food?
how would this be for a medium size dog about 45 pounds?
does the stainless steel bowl keep its quality over time
Product Dimensions: What are the product dimensions?
How tall is it?
Can puppies flip the bowls over and spill the water?
Do the bowls come in any larger sizes?
where do I get more bowls?
Does water tend to get at the bottom under the bowl?
Do u guys know if they mk elevated dog bowls w/ slow feeder knobs inside the dish? One w/ the non-skid feet would be even better I think. You?
The description says this set is plastic with stainless steel bowls but some reviewers mention wood pieces. Would this be suitable for outdoor use?
Are the bowls the same size, for all 3 size/height models? What is the capacity of the bowls for the 14" model? Would it hold 4 cups of food?
How much food does the bowl hold? We usually put a cup of dry dog food in our dog's bowl right now and would like to know if it will hold that amount.
Are the bottoms of these bowls completely flat or do the sides have a slight slope (to pool food in the middle)?
I just bought this and there were no bowls included... do they come in a separate package?
Is the floor 1 solid piece or does it need to be assembled?? (the FLOOR, yes I know the house will need to be assembled :) )
I have a 48 lbs.dog..would that type of dog house be suitable ? Thanks ......
Is there any kind of door flap or something that can be put on the front for rain, snow and cold weather?
Can the bottom floor segment be removed? (I'm looking for a tortoise, not a dog).
I live in Miami. This dog house would be placed outdoors, in the garden, exposed to rainy and hot summers (+90's degrees). Would you recommend it ?
Two different colors are shown. One color shown is blue the other brown can you choose the color or does it vary?
Does the side window open up?
I have two dogs. One is 8 lbs the other is 20lbs. I live in IL it's cold and so I think it may be better to be snug. Would this be comfortable?
Can you use the hound heater with this dog house? How do you install it?
Will two twenty pound dogs fit in?
My cats vomit very frequently. I tried different dry cat meals but I noticed very little difference. Do you think this could help?
How many pellets come in a package? I only got two
There are no directions
Is the wooden planter reusable?
Is this product made in the USA?
where is this product made?
Followed the directions, exactly as they were. However, after 3 days of no growth, I got mold! How can this be prevented? I did everything right!!
does it continue to grow back?
Are these seeds from the United States?
What are it's dimentions?
would this be good for a 55 lb dog
would this bed be big enough for my English Mastiff?
Is this bed water resistant/good for outside use?
is the cover removable for washing?
What are the ingredients in Stink Free?
what is the BEST urine (cat) remover to use on carpets?
I have noticed that the Natures Miracle products say that they can't be used on wood floors. Can Stink Free be used on wood floors?
What is the difference between the pet urine and the cat urine versions? I mean, cats are pets too!
can stink free be used in a carpet machine?
Do I need to hang it on something or does it already have a stand?
Will this work in a plastic tank? If no, are there any bulbs that work with plastic tanks?
Does this bulb fit the mini deep dome?
Does this already have a light bulb or do i need to buy it separately
does this supply uvb
Which is optimal distance between bird and lamp??
Is there a special fixture I should use for this bulb and if so where can I get it? On Amazon?have one of those silver clip on fixtures. can use it?
Would this bulb fit any lamp?
How many hours of light does a bulb provide over life of bulb or if bird receives 7 hours of light daily, approx. how many days will the bulb last?
Can I use the reptile light for a parrot? How many hours should the bird be in the light?
What is the wattage on this bulb? I need to make sure it does not surpass the maximum wattage of my lamp. Thanks.
Is this bulb voltage independent? Meaning can I use this safely whether it's in a lamp which is powered by 110V or 220V? I am in a 220V country.
Do you supply these bulbs for 240 V not 110 Volts? or maybe these lights works from 110 to 240 v?
Shipping, I was looking at an avian sun blub but was wondering about shipping to minnesota and breakage?
does it fit a regular light bulb socket
How do I use this? Just squeeze the blue part? Bought this but am so confused, I squeeze and squeeze but very little water comes out.
Would this be ideal to clean a 15 gallon turtle tank? It's really a burden scooping the water with a cup then refilling with a pale.
What is the total length of this pump?
I received the Epakitin &amp; the label ingredients &amp; % composition does not match the label information shown in the picture. Chinese imitation??
If a low phosphorus diet is prescribed, why does this product contain phosphorus?
Does this have a use by date ? If so what is it ?Thx
I like to have the composition of EPAKITIN
What is the expiration date?
Does anyone know why the price has significantly increases for this product? It saddens me that the price has rose over 33% in less than 2 months.
Can this be used on kittens?
Is it effective against ticks?
Can you use this shampoo along with Trefixis?
Do you have to wear gloves when bathing your dog with this shampoo?
do I have to use anything else besides this shampoo?
Has anyone tried this with a Husky?
How do we clean the rope that's inside the bottle? It's moldy after a couple of weeks. It's a much loved contraption.
what kind of food can you put inside the extra small tug a jug?
I have a12 lb Dachshund and would like to try this but not sure what size to get for him. Any idea which size, X small, small etc?
Seems this is a popular toy except for the rope. Can another rope be purchased to replace this frayed/moldy rope?
I find the main problem with many treat dispenser toys is that they are too difficult to fill. How is this one filled?
How do I get the dog to understand how this works? She sets it on its bottom, puts her feet on the ball, and just tries to pull the rope out...
A recent photo of this (can't recall from where), showed a solid plastic "wand" sort of thing, instead of the rope. Is the way they come? No rope?
I do not own any pets and I have fleas like crazy, I tried an organic cedar oil spray and it does nothing, an exterminator has sprayed my house five times now, will this work? Me and my son are getting bit and it is freezing outside so I do not...
Regarding the premise spray (not the bombs), do we need to remove our animals? We have foster kitties, so not an easy task to get overyone out.
How does this product work for months, as it claims. Is it by preventing the current eggs from maturing? Residue it leaves? I'd like to mop after..
does it kill ticks?
Do we have to leave the home and take the cat out?
Does it kill lice that may be on furniture? (yes....kids have head lice! ARG!)
Does it damage carpeting or ulpholstery/?
I've vacuumed the mattress but I'm not sure if I should give it a light coat of the Siphotrol Plus II? Any thoughts?
ok I tore up all carpet so there is no carpet so do I still use this and spray around the woodwork
Do I need to vacuum the carpet after I use this product and let it dry? I don't have a vacuum right now but I suppose I can try.
What is the height from the ground to the handle?
I have an 8 pd and a 5.5 pd chihuahua (two) will they fit comfortably?
my pet is only 4.2 pounds. is it too big for my dog?
The front wheel of our stroller is missing, where can I get a replacement?
Can this be used outdoors under a covered porch? And does this have enough water flow to keep mosquitoes from laying eggs in the water?
Is there an on/of switch or must the unit be unplugged to stop it?
How often do you have to replace the filter?
Drinkwell Fountain 'slimey'? Does anyone have a problem with the water in the Drinkwell fountain getting 'slimey'?
Loud motor noise?? Brand new, the motor noise is constant and loud enough to drown out the sound of running water. Is this normal or should i refund?
My cat always tips over his water dish. Would this help? Would a cat fountain help, or will he just try to tip over the fountain?
How long is the cord? Colder water?? Is the plug a giant sized plug or a regular one?
should you use this for a 3 month old kitten
What is this made of? Plastic? Stainless Steel or???
6 Months later and the stream of water is weak even if the water flow controller is turned all the way up! What could be the problem? *2-21-13 Update* Thank you all for the input! I did figure out how to thoroughly clean the fountain! Yes it is kind of...
are they made in the usa
are these on the thinner side?
Are these made in usa
where are they made?
Where are they made?
One of my cats does not cover his waste. The odor is overpowering. Can the robot handle poop that isn't completely covered?
I have 4 cats. How long have people had *working* LRs: 1 year? 2 years? 5 years? How often might I have to replace the base?
we are getting 2 Maine Coon Ragdoll mix kittens. will this be big enough? We want enviro friendly litter, what is best?
Has anyone owned a Littermaid and a Litter Robot and likes the Litter Robot better? Why?
So is this basically an automatic version of the "rolling" Omega Paw?
What "bags" do you use? Do you have to buy them separately or can you use plastic grocery bags?
Vs Littermaid?
I have 6 cats (inherited 3 from my brother when he died). Is one of these enough?
My cat doesn't urinate in the center of the box but down the walls in the corners. Will the LR still clean this or will the walls get dirty?
I have a very large cat (about 20 lbs - I know!) - would he even fit into this unit?
Multi-cat household? Do you think this litter-robot would work for us?
Questions: How long is the cord?
How do you change the litter out of the Robot? Does anyone know how to change the old litter out and put fresh litter into the Robot?
I've have been wanting to get one of these for my two kittens. One is 8 months old and the other is 7 months old. Is this still too young? I've read on the website that they have to be at least one year old to use this because if they are smaller the...
So is this basically an automatic version of the "rolling" Omega Paw?
Dirty Heads? What is the likelihood that the cat will bump its head on the ceiling that the dirty waste was rolling on?
I have an exra large and long cat. it seems most cat boxes are meant for smaller cats, Does anyone use this with a BIG kittie?
Why so expensive and why no used for sale on Amazon?
I'm trying to decide which color to get. Does the black have lots of dust all over it?
How does this compare to Cat Dancer 301 Cat Charmer Interactive Cat Toy ? Anyone have both ? I have the cat dancer. Thinking about one of these since its the #1 seller.
My cat loves this toy, unfortunatley so much so that he can go rip/fray the wire once a month. Is there any way to make them last longer?
It's the wire secure for cats? They are not going to cut themselves or get bruises or something with this wire?
Does the end make noise ? It is for a blind cat.
I have bought a couple of these. It is THE favorite toy. However they do not last long. Wire pulls away from top. The wire also breaks.
Just under the tail, there is about 0.25" of wire protruding from the mouse - is that normal? (I cut it off, but the end is still sharp).
Is there catnip in the mouse? Of all her toys, my cat acts like a junkie for this toy in particular. She never acted like this before this toy.
Is there a wire that can repair this toy due to fraying? I tried buying one from home depot but it's too malleable.
My cats "get it" but I don't--why is there braided wire inside the wand of the Teaser and and why is the wand so short, requiring full arm extension?
Is the double loop supposed to remain in in the wire or is the wire intended to straighten out?
Do these clippers run cooler as some other models
Are these clippers quiet? Will they work on a persian cat?
Do these new Oster clippers use the snap on blades or the ones you have to screw on??
Will this clipper work with the andis #7 skip tooth blade? Andis blades seem to cost much less then the Oster blades, but are they compatible?
Is there anyone who could tell me if these clippers will work on a Red Bone German Sheppard? She has a very thick undercoat. Thank you, Nancy
Is there anyone who could tell me if these clippers will work on a Red Bone German Sheppard? She has a very thick undercoat. Thank you, Nancy
Will the blades for an A5 fit the Powermax?
do the clippers come with a blade
I want to trim the hair under my corgis paws will this do it ?
do these come with a 2 speed 10 inch blade? is it have warrenty ? I bought wahls they wont cut my poodle thick hair
will the clipper not get too hot and will I be able to cut my dogs hair thin one has a very thick coat oster A5 turbo2 speed
Which blade sixZe is used for a puppy cut?
I need a "Number 10" blade to groom my dogs. What are the blade specifications for the blades included with this trimmer?
I have a Lhasa Apso dog with long hair and needs cutting. Is this the Animal Clipper I should buy?
does this come with blades
I have a wahl KM2 clipper, would this brand be conparable or better?
can you use on lamb
What comes with these clippers?
is this 110-240v, free volt? of 110v only?
ty
Does it work in 220 V?
can you buy varying length guards to use with this clipper?
Are these clippers quiet?
hi. only 110 volts? tks
Are these clippers appropriate for my Standard Poodle?
do you have a product that will work on 230volt? I am in NZ and need one that is suitable for this.
are they detachable blades
We bought the Prof. Turbo a5 2 speed clipper. It looks different than yours. Ours is Model 078005-100. Is ours an older or newer version?
I need to know the voltage watts and amps
Does the clipper come with 10 replacement blades?
From the manual sheet inside the box, do instructions say these clippers can be run for only 20 minutes then they have to be left to cool down?
watt
How to care for my clippers: how and when to use clipper grease supplied with my Oster A5 clippers
What size blade would you use for a "puppy cut"? We'd prefer not a close shave.
I want to clip between a Shelties toenails so that I can clip his toenailss without pulling hair so I need a narrow clippers
I cannot see any info on which extra blades to buy (I am online about to purchase the clippers.) Which blades are compatable?
Can these be used on humans? Yes I am serious. Thank you. 8O),
What blade # is included with this clipper?
what is the best clipper blade number for cats
is this bivolt?
How does the litter box work? What makes it begin the cleaning action?
Does it have a door where the cat goes in &amp; out?
I have one 9-10 lb longhair cat. Need Large? Price diff irrelevant. Concerned where I'd put Large, so prefer Reg if that is sufficient for my 1 cat
is it worth buying
Anyone use this with clay litter to at least get the solid matter into the tray?
What is the size of the opening? My cat has to wear an e-collar and I'm not sure it will fit.
Will this work for 3 cats all about 6 months of age.
What are the dimensions of this litter box?
what litter is best
how much to use: how much of the liter should be put in?
Real fur? Does it say what kind of fur it is?
Do these mice have catnip in them or on them? We don't use catnip.
To these move or run around?
how many do you get with this order?
Body composition: Is the interior body itself hard, versus hollow air?
How many mice do you get? Is it 12 or 20? How large are they? I want them for a children's nursery rhyme projet for hickory dickory dock.
Do the mice have furry tails or just a regular thin tail. My cat does'nt like the mice with furry tails.I know this sounds weird but so it my cat.
do these mice rattle?
Do these glide when cats swat them?
Where are these made?
I see this product come with and without MSM, What is MSM and what does it do?
My vet claims this is not the same as the product I currently purchse from them even though it says "Only available from your Veternarian". Is it?
How many mg of Glucosamine, MSM and Condroitin are in each tablet for the over 60# dog size?
Wil these fit on a puppy apartment by Modern Puppies?
How many casters do you need for a 36" crate?
how many casters are there for 5.99? If I want 4 casters do I need to order 2 x 5.99? Thank you.
how do you place the metql plate and the hard plastic plates on the bottom of the cat condos?
What is the weight capacity for these casters? I have 100-lb dogs; will six casters be enough to support such weight?
Will these wheels also fit on the MidWest Exercise Pen with Door, 48-Inch, Black?
Is a 2-pack four casters? If I need six, is there a way to buy the two extras, without having to buy four more?
can they fit on a 48'' Elitefield dog crate
How many casters shoud i use for a 55 L, 45 H, 32 W dog crate.
Do the casters only work when the crate is set up? I'd like a set of wheel for moving it when it's closed up for travel. Do they work that way too?
what is the size of the flap opening of the small size door
Can this be used in a window frame for a french door?
Would the small version work with your typical aluminum overhead garage door? I'm haven't been able to find anything made for them yet.
Can this be used on an aluminum storm door
what are the dimensions?
What are the dimensions of the hole needed to insert/install this pet door's frame? I have an existing doggie door that I want to replace. Thanks
Can you give me dimensions esp width for this door. Is is suitable to install in glass?
difference in vet or amazon quality of pill? Is this true??
I've read the ingredients and don't know enough about them to tell the difference between the cosequin ds +msm and the dasuquin. Can you help me?
Bottle says "available only from vet". How is this being sold via Amazon? Is it a knock-off?
Dasuquin by NutraMax or NutriMax? Is this a sham outfit that manufacturers knock-offs, or a legitimate company?
What is the expiration date?
Do dogs prefer the soft chews or standard pill? My dog takes the pill but I have to hide it in her food. Will she like the soft chew better?
For recent orders- Are they LIVER FLAVORED (yellow band on bottle) as in depicted picture? Got these once and they weren't so dogs won't touch them.
Where is this product made? I looked at the close-up of the back of the bottle but could not find where it is made.
Has anyone tried the unflavored? I had liver flavored from vet and just realized the bottle I received doesn't have a flavor listed.
My newest shipment has arrived and the tablets are lighter colored and not as crumbly. Anyone else notice anything?
Um, I know this sounds dumb, but how do you remove the bowl from the holder. It seems to be in there pretty tight. Snappy it ain't.
Is the plastic flap that comes in the mounting removable? No instructions I can't figure out how to install this!
I have 4 pet rats, which size should I buy?
Does this come with two bowls or one? I see two answers to this exact question but both answers are different.
How do you know what size bowl? I'm getting goldendoodle puppy. Good to feed in crate?
Are there 2 bowls that come or just 1?
What size bowl would be best to use for shih tzu dogs?
what size for a rabbit for drinking
what are the dimentions of this cage?
What is the diameter of the 10 oz. bowl?
is it safe to continue on 2 tablets a day even after the initial 6 weeks? and if so, can this be for ever?-my 6 year old collie started limping again
I gave this to my dog twice and she threw up several times after the second dose. Has anyone else seen this reaction in their dog?
I see both Dasuquin and Dasuquin w/MSM. Is the w/MSM worth the more expensive cost? Both seem to have great reviews.
Is it safe to break the pills into 1/4 to give to much smaller dog?
Nutramaxlab website says Dasuquin is only available thru vets. Told me via email to only get it thru vet. So Is Amazon product a knockoff? Thanks"
My Dobe seems to be off his food since I started him on Dasuquin. Anybody else have this problem? Any suggestions on how to handle it? Thanks!
Has anyone compared Dasquin with cosequin? Which one is better?
what is the difference between this tablet with "Nutramax 150 Count Dasuquin with MSM Soft Chews for Large Dogs"? and why is the price difference?
My vet suggested today nutramax dasuquin advanced and said it was new. is this the same product as that??
could you tell me the Expiration date
Does this install into the wall as well?
I understand magnets hold it in place when not in use, but does it have a device (like a rigid insert) that can be used to keep the animal contained?
I'm wanting to install this on a thin metal screen door on a sun room, not a standard door. Will this door work?
Does this allow bugs to enter? We have tiny flying roaches that are everywhere outside. Could I add a piece of screening on the outside of this?
Does this have a "pretty" side? The stock photos all show the same side with the three screws holding the flap on. Is the other side the same?
I am replacing a pet door and I want to know the cutout opening measurements?
What size should I pick for my French Bulldog? She's like the one on the video &lt;3, 25 pounds and 13 Inch tall aprox... Thanks!
We would like to install this on our litter box room door, but remove the flap, so the opening is always open. Is that possible?
on the small door, what are the dimensions of the door opening itself.
size
Is the green color just new packaging? Is it the same product as when it was in the white tube? Does have the same flavor?
Is this dark amber colored &amp; a firm consistency?
Also, can you guarantee that the flavor will not be catnip or tuna. My cat will not take those flavors.
Can you tell me the expiration date on the lot you are selling of this product?
What is the country of manufacture?
Can this product be used on dogs. I have a 17 pound dog who licks his fur constantly.
Can this be adjusted so the dog doesn't have free reign of the back seat? He'd be sitting next to a car seat and don't want him jumping on our kid.
Where can you buy additonal tethers for the Solvit pet harness?
Will this work on a front bucket seat?
Please send sizing info want to figure out what size to buy for a 17 lb Westie
does it also include the seat belt tether?
is it true to size
Help, bought this and my dog moves a lot and when he steps on the seat belt release button he is still attached to seat belt but no longer secure..
Is this adjustable? I have a Boston Terrier who has a 26" chest and 17" neck size,so can't always go by weight, he's 34lbs?
sizing guide
what size would fit my basett hound thae has a 27 inch chest and 50 pounds
Could my dwarf bunny be secure in this pen without me being home?
Can the playpen be permanent housing or do I need a cage to make my rabbit feel enclosed? I want to give him a lot of room for exercise.
How tall is this pen?
can you zig zag this across an open space to use this as a gate? Would this work for a small puppy. She is three pounds now. What is the length?
Can this be used outside in a yard for a rabbit?
Can the panals be moved to create a space for two rabbits but have them separated? Need to bond rabbits--they will need time together and separated.
I have 2 adult bearded dragons 2.2 " wide and 18" tall would this work?
can rabbits jump over this? can you connect their cage to this? can a small rabbit squeeze underneath? Thanks for any answers you can give!
I have two baby dwarf rabbits. Will they be able to squeeze through the bars on this?
Does it have a door? Or some part that can open and close?
My dog is 29 lbs and is full grown, what size is right for him?
How do I know what size to get our puppies?
How do I know what size to get our puppies?
Hi! Can I request a pink, medium Kong?
What size would I get for a cairn terrier puppy? I did buy one recently but it came xsmall so I gave to my cats and they love it
How do I choose the coloR?
How long does a puppy kong last?8
It doesn't have an option to pick pink or blue? I need a pink one for my girl.
Help, may have bought wrong size. I have a 3 month old Lab mix pup and got a L. She can't get the treats out. What should I try?
Is it a two pack?
Is the display lit?
what is the temp. range?
can it be used on heat mats?
What is the temperature range?
can you tell me what type of battery it takes? We bought one from a pet store it didn't come in the original packaging and there was no battery.
Are batteries included'
Is this just a thermometer, or is it a thermostat too? I can't be home to monitor it at all times..?
How long does it take to get a temperature read?
I need to insert the battery but I'm having a hard time with sliding the battery compartment off. Any suggestions ?
Is that battery powered? Or have to plug into an outlet? Or Both?
does this fit older models
Will this replace battery pack 48952?
Will this fit older style oster power pro cordless?
Can I use my old barber with the new battery
would you ship this item x3 to France? and what would be the cost? thanks
Does it fit in the old Power Pro charging base?
What is manurfactures date of battery?
does this fit older models
do i need to also purchase something to attach the harness to the seatbelt?
Not sure whether to order Small or Medium for our dogs; each weighs approx. 22-23 lbs (Shih Tzu mix and Lhasa mix)? Medium seems a very wide range.
can the dog lie down while in this harness? we travel on long trips. thanks
Has anyone been in a car accident where this product has worked?
my dogs weigh 7 and 10 lbs will the small size work?
Is the dog harness easy to put on the dog?
Could the anchor strap be hooked into the lower metal anchors in the car used for latch style car seats instead of the seatbelt?
if the dog pulls forward can she fall off the seat?
Does it attach with velcoro?
Is the harness safe to use on cat too?
I can never figure out the measurements:( Are the steps 23 inches wide and the step unit is 16 inches high?
I am confused. One of the answers states that the top of the top step is 23" - a reviewer says 16" - which is correct?
I need to know if anyone has a large dog who has used this steps. My German Shepherd is 120lbs and I am very reluctant to buy it .I am worried that the steps are not going to hold up for his weight.it looks really good and I read all the reviews but...
Does the steps fold up for easy use?
I have a Lincoln Towncar and the doors on cars don't open as fully as door on SUVs and Vans. Would the steps fit a Lincoln Towncar?
Hello I'm looking for good steps for my dog my bed is big and he can't jump down or up on too the bed and need to know if the steps would work on a be
We have three dogs, weighing between 6.5 lbs. - 17 lbs. We had to remove carpeting &amp; now they lack traction for jumping on bed.
My dog likes to look out the window. Is the top step big enough for a small (15 lb.) dog to rest on?
I am confused: it says supports weight up to 150 lbs but someone said not good for 120. Can anyone tell me which is correct?
Last color looks green (sage) are the pictures correct. Last color say oranges yet is green?? Looks like the pictures are offset to the labels.
what are the frame dimensions?
Does it come with weather stripping?
Can this doggie door be installed in a wall rather than a door?
what is the thickness of the pet door?
Is the lock on this dog door good? I have a german shepard that breaks into our house with the dog door we have now. Its just a plastic cover
Does this dog door fit Interior (bedroom type) doors? And is it a two way - can dog go in/out both directions?
what size of opening for a medium door?
What are the dimensions of the hole needed to insert/install this pet door's frame? I have an existing doggie door that I want to replace. Thanks
will this work on a storm or screen door?
I can never figure out the measurements:( Are the steps 23 inches wide and the step unit is 16 inches high?
I am confused. One of the answers states that the top of the top step is 23" - a reviewer says 16" - which is correct?
I need to know if anyone has a large dog who has used this steps. My German Shepherd is 120lbs and I am very reluctant to buy it .I am worried that the steps are not going to hold up for his weight.it looks really good and I read all the reviews but...
Does the steps fold up for easy use?
I have a Lincoln Towncar and the doors on cars don't open as fully as door on SUVs and Vans. Would the steps fit a Lincoln Towncar?
Hello I'm looking for good steps for my dog my bed is big and he can't jump down or up on too the bed and need to know if the steps would work on a be
We have three dogs, weighing between 6.5 lbs. - 17 lbs. We had to remove carpeting &amp; now they lack traction for jumping on bed.
My dog likes to look out the window. Is the top step big enough for a small (15 lb.) dog to rest on?
I am confused: it says supports weight up to 150 lbs but someone said not good for 120. Can anyone tell me which is correct?
Last color looks green (sage) are the pictures correct. Last color say oranges yet is green?? Looks like the pictures are offset to the labels.
is the 58.5'' with or long
I have a Acura MDX will this be big enough for my car?
Will this work if I dont have headrests in the back seat?
I have a Chevy Spark. Is this hammock too large to fit. Especially the spacing of the headrest straps. Will they be too far apart to work?
is the material able to be sprayed with a hose incase your dog pukes everytime they get in the car... like mine does...
Will this work in a chrysler 300?
Does this have opening for seatbelts?
Would this hold my 100 lb lab if he stepped between the seats? How sturdy are the straps?
What is the weight limit on this product?
Does this hammock protect from drooling and/or water if your dog likes to go swimming and then hop in your car?
what are the measurements of this step?
I have a larger dog, 75 pounds... Anyone know if these can handle a dog that size???
How do you train an older stubborn dog to use the stairs?
Are the stairs solid and sturdy-i.e., stay in place without slipping, shaking or wobbling as the dog ascends/descends? My dogs are 17 and 35 lbs.
Is there any more assembly required other than what looks like snapping in that support piece? I am not good with things labled "some assembly required"
does back leg fold so i can put in truck behind drivers seat
what is height of top step
will the steps also support my 1o5 lb. Australian Shephard ,as i want to use it so he can get in and out of my 4 wheel drive F250 SD truck
What are the dimensions and weight of the product?
How tall is it? My bed is 27" high.
Um, I know this sounds dumb, but how do you remove the bowl from the holder. It seems to be in there pretty tight. Snappy it ain't.
Is the plastic flap that comes in the mounting removable? No instructions I can't figure out how to install this!
I have 4 pet rats, which size should I buy?
Does this come with two bowls or one? I see two answers to this exact question but both answers are different.
How do you know what size bowl? I'm getting goldendoodle puppy. Good to feed in crate?
Are there 2 bowls that come or just 1?
What size bowl would be best to use for shih tzu dogs?
what size for a rabbit for drinking
what are the dimentions of this cage?
What is the diameter of the 10 oz. bowl?
Does this install into the wall as well?
I understand magnets hold it in place when not in use, but does it have a device (like a rigid insert) that can be used to keep the animal contained?
I'm wanting to install this on a thin metal screen door on a sun room, not a standard door. Will this door work?
Does this allow bugs to enter? We have tiny flying roaches that are everywhere outside. Could I add a piece of screening on the outside of this?
Does this have a "pretty" side? The stock photos all show the same side with the three screws holding the flap on. Is the other side the same?
I am replacing a pet door and I want to know the cutout opening measurements?
What size should I pick for my French Bulldog? She's like the one on the video &lt;3, 25 pounds and 13 Inch tall aprox... Thanks!
We would like to install this on our litter box room door, but remove the flap, so the opening is always open. Is that possible?
on the small door, what are the dimensions of the door opening itself.
size
Can this be used as a walking harness as well..thanks
My dog likes to jump into the front seat, will this not allow him to leave the back seat?
Does it apply tension when you hit the brakes?
sizing?
Can a dog choose to stand in the back seat if he wants to?
I am in need of a second attachment clip (the part that attaches to the seatbelt and then to the harness itself). Anyone know where to buy just that?
How does this fit in the armpit area? My current harness is uncomfortable for my dog. Thanks!
Does this work for standing dogs? Our greyhound does not like to lay down but we also don't want her falling if we stop short.
Can the dog move around , say from one side of the back seat to the other, as well as lay down without an additional piece?
Has anyone been in an accident when their dog was restrained in this harness? What was the result? Was the dog unharmed?
Is there a warranty for this product? If so, how long is it?
where can I purchase the quartz tube ?
What is the GPH on this filter/pump system?
does this come with the pump?
Where can I purchase the filter media for this filter????
where do i get replacement bulb
Can the pump support ONLY a waterfall. We do not want a fountain too?
Hello reviewers. So the uv kills the green algae is excellent, but can anyone give me some in about the pumping rates in gph and how high can it pump.
which all in one filter to use for 2400 gallons pond. I do have a waterfall?
How Often? How often would one need to change the granules or buy a cleaning solution catridge?
how will seasoned citizens cope with this love/hate possibility? I have enjoyed the posts to date and am thankful that there is an opportunity to relay REALITY when it comes to what sounds like a litter box made and used in heaven, but how do folks...
How long are the hoses: I only have one drain pipe for the washer, will both the drain for this and the washer fit into a normal size pipe?
how do you turn on sleep mode? i have looked in the manuals and it says that sleep mode occurs when you have the catgenie on cat activation mode, but how does it know when those 10 hours are that you would like it to sleep?
Do the granules get stuck in your cat's paws and consequently spread all over the place when they leave the litter box?
What is the difference between Flushing Cat Box and Premium Flushing Cat Box?
where does the waste go?
does it hook to the toilet or sit on the floor?
What kind of power supply does it require? What I want to know is does the mechanism that runs all of the self-cleaning components require an electrical outlet or batteries, and if so what kind, or is it powered by something else?
Are these grain free?
Are these made in the USA?
About how many of these are in a bag?
Can I feed these to a 10 week old chihuahua?
Are these easy to break into tiny bits for training?
Do these fit into the IQ dog ball toy?
Made in the USA but are the products from which they are made from the USA?
Are these treats Made in the USA?
Is this soft treat? Thank you
Are these made in the USA?
was curious about the expiration date?
What is the approximate size of these treats?
How do the extensions attach to the gate? Do they screw on? Clamp on? And do all extensions go on one side or can they be split?
I need to know for sure that this is the 41" tall one.
why 6 x 1 x 30 when the extra tall gate stands 41 inches?
Since the gate itself expands to 40", would the 6" extension be long enough to be pressure mounted into a 46" opening? Thanks.
Is the extension for the extra tall gate for height or width?
Is it white or beige? The Carlson gate itself says white but is actually beige so I am wondering what the true color on this is because it must match.
I'm wondering if anyone has had a problem with their cats (I have kittens) playing with the plant and messing with the stuff on top?
what are the exact dimensions and circumference of the base without the plant?
Has anyone tried to spray paint this so the color will match your decor?
Is there a trick to getting the top on securely? The rim is so skinny. My big cat knocked the top off, scared him, and now he won't go near it! help!
What litter pan can fit into this litter box? I would need the exact name because I cannot seem to find one that fits in here. Also what size as well
Should I use a litter box INSIDE the planter? Is the planter itself the litter box or should I use a traditional litter box inside planter??
cant seem to find the liners?
Is it easy to take the cover on and off? I clean out the litter daily,and don't want to deal with a combersome cover to go back on.
My dog (Golden Retriever) always tries to get to the litter box. Is a large dog able to access the cat's feces with this box?
I want to use this outside on my balcony. Does anyone know if it is waterproof, in case of rain?
Can Fleabusters be used on laminate wood flooring?
How long of wait to vaccum the carpet after application of Fleabusters? can this powder be sprinkled inside the kitchen cabinets or bathroom vanity?
Can this powder be rubbed into computer / laptops? can this powder be left without vaccum them out?
Does this kill adult fleas and the larvae?
How long until you start seeing results?
Can this product be used on sofa, chairs and mattress, hardwood floor?
Does the product contain (IGR) Insect Growth Regulator?
how does this differ from diatomaceous earth?
What is the advantage of this product over pure boric acid?
What is the best way to apply the powder? I understand it is in a shaker of sorts, but is there a better applicator for sale for use?
Can you address the refrigeration comment left by a reviewer? I'd like to know more. Thank you.
what is aszodyl?
Are these the small caps?
What are the ingredients in this medication?
Can I crush this up instead of trying to hide it? My 19- year old is doing poorly but will still not be fooled into eating a pill in a pill pocket!
For those that use a pill pen or pill popper to administer the Azodyl, which pill pen/popper works best for the small caps?
What size?
Is anyone having trouble with the door staying closed? I am not sure if my kennel is defective or not.
Weight of the kennel, please?
What are the dimensions?
Will this crate be big enough for a golden retreiver 90 lbs
I want to buy the X-Large kennel and bring it to Peru, but i want to know if it comes unassemble and if it would fit on baggage
I have an English mastiff 135 to 140 pounds will she fit in this kennel?
Hello. Just going to travel Caracas - Brasil and I have one of this. I am just worried because it is not have holes on the back. I will have problems?
anyone else get shipped a kennel with a VAULT door? and have it break?
need width of floor. since sides are angled is it really 27" for the x-large
Where can I purchase metal screws because the airline requires metal screws instead of the plastic screws that comes with the kennel.
Does it have ventilation holes on the back panel?
Dimensions are 28 x 20.5 x 12.5". Are these dimensions for the actual product? Which is width and which is height?
Is the medium size crate really only 12.5 inches wide? Sounds narrow compared to other similar sized crates out there. Thank you.
weight
Are the dimensions listed correctly? We took our dog to a local pet supply store to size her and the crate was 36x25x27. The 13.5 is throwing me off!?
This says for 50-70 lb dogs, mine is 52lb Aussie, but airline requires that his ears do not touch the top when standing. He looks taller than kennel
On the demensions which is the hight, length &amp; width?
Does this kennel come with a handle? and if you have traveled with this kennel and you did not have a handle was it a problem when traveling via air?
My dog is 55 lb, 33" long and 24"tall (floor to top of head). Will he be able to turn around &amp; stand inside? He needs to fly from Ukraine to USA.
the airlines that allow pets to be checked as cargo list their maximum size as a "Series". What series does this fall under?
Has anyone used this kennel to ship a dog on alaska airlines? It says airline approved, but it doesn't look like it has ventilation in the back...
Is it vented on all 4 sides?
how much does it weigh?
Is there a way to partition off a section of the crate to better fit a puppy, then move the partition as the puppy grows?
What is the max weight for this crate?
Are there ventilation holes on the back side of this kennel?
airline says connectors must be metal. Are they?
does this crate have handles or a handle on top?
what are the measurements of the floor in the 28" length kennel? the 32" kennel?
I need to know which of the measurements is the height. Thanks,
Is this the locking mechanism a turn (knob) style or as seen in the picture?
How much does this kennel weigh by itself?
I'm looking for a crate that will hold my cat and a litter box for a week, any ideas if this 30-50pound kennel will work for that?
How thick is the plastic? I have an escape artist that bends and chews every cage I've purchased.. and has destroyed doors...
Does canopy open? Is mesh in front only ventilation? What is weight? What is folded dimension height?
Do all the wheels inflate or are they plastic?
Does this have a cup holder?
Why is the undercarriage basket open-sided? How is something NOT going to fall out?
What are the dimensions of the actual basket the dog sits in. I can't believe it's not listed.
How airtight is this container? Can you give me an idea of time frames for keeping dog food fresh?
My FIL tripped and fell into my 50 lb Aqua blue Bergan storage bin breaking the lid. He is fine. Can I buy just the lid replacement?
is this product only for use for dog food? looking to store flour.
Would this be ok to leave outside (would water get in it if it rained)?
I keep the food in the bag and put it in the container. Can I get a 24 lb bag in to the best of your knowledge?
A mouse chewed through the Rubbermaid container. Is this stronger?
Can you use this for say... A 25 pound bag of flour?
What color will the 50 pound Storage container be? I want the Navy color not aqua blue.
What are the dimensions of the large container? Height? width? length?
Can two 50# containers be stacked on top of each other or will the bottom one collapse or bend?
May anybody tell me if this device has an adapter entry in order to connect an AC adaptor to the unit, or it is designed to work only with batteries
will it work through a window or would the window have to be open?
How exactly does this product work? Does it hurt the dogs' ears or hearing? Is the high pitched sound constant or does it turn on/off by itself?
Does it have a jack for a ac adapter?
will this work inside the house
If i buy it, it comes with a a/c adapter with no extra cost?
can this thing be activated manually to emit the ultrasonic blast? press a button or something?
does it come with 110 a/c cord?
does it work through bushes
How this thing is activated?
Ingredients?
Can you help me understand how is this product different and/or better than all the other "Fish Oils" on market &amp; at Pet Smart?
does it have a dosage chart? I have a 7 lb. maltese.
Did it come with the pump? I've ordered once before, and it did not include the pump, as in the picture.
What is the source of the fish oils?
What is the expiration date on this product? Today is 04/01/15
What is the expiration date on this product? Today is 04/01/15
My vet has recommended THIS product AND THIS BRAND ONLY/dog's sensitives. Review said one was sent another BRAND. How can I be sure to get this one?
Where is this made? I don't buy anything made in China for my dogs, so I'm hoping this is local.
Is this good for my cats as well?
Does this purigen come in a bag that is ready to be placed into the filter, or do I need to buy a separate filter media bag for it?
Does anyone know the dimensions of this product? I'm wanting to use it in my existing filter, and I'm not sure it will fit. Here is my filter: http://www.amazon.com/AquaClear-50-Po... Also, this is already filled and ready to be rinsed and placed in...
Will Purigen help with cloudy water caused by a bacterial bloom?
I put this in my Aqueon quietflow 10. There is a lot of space around the purigen. Is that ok or should I also put in some other media to fill up.
can this be used in an outside filter in a fish pond?
Can I use it in my Aqueon Quiet Flow 10?
How often do you need to recharge it? Is one enough for a 75 gallon?
what are the dimensions of this filter?
How many wheels are included in the $9.27 price - one or two?
will the PR2140 bio wheel work on the marineland 400B filter
How do I know if this is the right size? And how often should they be replaced?
How does this dog shampoo affect shedding - does it make it better, worse or no effect?
Where is it made?
Is this the original fresh n clean scent?
does this dog shampoo contain tea tree oil?
can iit be used with flea applications or will it wash it off?
Is this battery operated?
Could you tell me the volume of water it holds and the approximate( or exact) flow rate please
I need this to put in a small water dish for my lizard, I need something to give the water some motion (he cant see still water) will this do the job?
What is the diameter of the tubing that matches this pump and where can I get it?
What are the dimensions of this pump?
What size tube do I use for this?
Need to know how much to use for a large pond. How many oz per 100 gallons?
Can I use this in a pond that has other Koi beside the sick one, or must I remove the sick koi to a different location?
Is this safe to use with Snails &amp; plants?
will this harm plants, shrimp or snails?
I have a Koi and some tetras in my tank one of the tetras has part of his fin gone and what is remaining is red looking is this safe for tetras?
How tall is it?
how wide and deep at the base
What are the dimensions of the top platform?
It's easy their assembly and installation, or is it built?
What are the poles made from? Wood or cardboard?
Are the shelves (platforms) large enough for a full-grown cat to lay on?
Is this good for a fairly large cat?
in many parts come apart? could fit in a suitcase?
What is the height of this cat tree? Thabnks.
What is in the ball? My cat LOVES it!
Where can I get parts? My cat tipped it over so many times the top board broke off. I need the plastic pieces ,several since the plastic will break again.
Where can I get parts? My cat tipped it over so many times the top board broke off. I need the plastic pieces,prolly several since the plastic will b
how tall is it
Trying to figure out your dimentions. Is the triangle 18"x18"x26" and the height of the 'condo' 9" and the scratching pole 27"?
Are there holes on all three sides of the triangle?
Can the scratching post be removed? This would make a great toy box for the dogs if I could get rid of that awkward scratching post!
I have two ferrets and I'm wondering if I could use this for them?
Is this just for kittens?
Trying to determine the size/diameter of the largest hole. I have adult cats but they are on the smaller side (under 10 lbs).
would this be suitable for my ferrets?
Where is the bolt/screw that connects the two pieces?!
Hi, I am looking for an exercise place for my bunnies. They need to climb, go thru holes, and run. W/this work? Jesus Loves YOU!
dimensions for top tower level?
How Tall is it when it is put together?
Which are the packaging measures? Thank you
im looking for a replacement lower connector scratch joint, it broke
is it good for big cats
how easy is it to assemble?
Hi. I'd like to know the exact shipping weight of this product as I have a 20lb weight limitation on my orders.
what are the size dimentions?
How much glucosimine and what is the feeding recommendations?
Are these a hard chewable or are they soft and chewy?
how much msm per tablet
The bottle says 60 count, but the description is for 120 count. Which is accurate?
Not sure if my question went through so I will try again. I read where although this product is made in the USA the ingredients are really from China?
How long do the rocks last?
I have a Labrador. Don't the dogs try to eat the rocks?
Do you put all the rocks from one bag in one bowl? I have 4 water bowls so am not sure how many bags to purchase.
Does this also save plants? My dogs are killing my small shrubs.
Can I use these with pet-water fountains?
My cats drinks from the same bowl as my dog. Is this safe for cats?
Can I cut the rocks to make them fit into the dogs water bottle opening?
Has the bag size changed? Just replaced and I seem to having a lighter volume of rocks in the new bag.
I have 2 Great Danes that drink much more than 2 liters of water while I'm working. Can I place 2 bags of rocks in their water bucket?
What are these rocks made of that help prevent grass burn marks?
Is this made in the US?
Have any cat owners used these? If so, how did it go...did you have success with your cat(s)?
How moist are these suppose to be? Got mine at Petco
I have had a container of these for at least 2 or 3 years, but they're still kinda damp. Any idea how long they last?
How many wipes are in the container?
What are the ingredients?
I can never figure out the measurements:( Are the steps 23 inches wide and the step unit is 16 inches high?
I am confused. One of the answers states that the top of the top step is 23" - a reviewer says 16" - which is correct?
I need to know if anyone has a large dog who has used this steps. My German Shepherd is 120lbs and I am very reluctant to buy it .I am worried that the steps are not going to hold up for his weight.it looks really good and I read all the reviews but...
Does the steps fold up for easy use?
I have a Lincoln Towncar and the doors on cars don't open as fully as door on SUVs and Vans. Would the steps fit a Lincoln Towncar?
Hello I'm looking for good steps for my dog my bed is big and he can't jump down or up on too the bed and need to know if the steps would work on a be
We have three dogs, weighing between 6.5 lbs. - 17 lbs. We had to remove carpeting &amp; now they lack traction for jumping on bed.
My dog likes to look out the window. Is the top step big enough for a small (15 lb.) dog to rest on?
I am confused: it says supports weight up to 150 lbs but someone said not good for 120. Can anyone tell me which is correct?
Last color looks green (sage) are the pictures correct. Last color say oranges yet is green?? Looks like the pictures are offset to the labels.
What are the ingredients other than salmon?
Made in USA ? Or China?
Are these treats soft/chewy enough for my 5 month old chihuahua pup?
Are these treats recommended for cats as well?
What is the source of salmon? U.S. or other?
are they crunchy or soft bc my shih tzu doesn't really like crunchy treats? and i just spent alot on treats for him. thanks much
REGARDING SIZE: About how big are these? And how many (approx) in a bag? Our dogs are happy w/ pea-sized treats; we like to stretch one bag a long way
Birds aren't using ours, We didn't want to get rid of squirrels AND birds! How do you get birds to feed at the small troughs?
can the perch shed larger birds?
Does the tray drain water well?
small squirrels are able to eat from this. If I move the pin on the side to the last slot will that stop smaller squirrels?
Will this feeder mount on a pole?
chicken
Would this do as a cage heater for my cockatiels and conures for the winter. They are covered at night.
is this heating pad good for chinchilla, which don't like the temperature over 80
Can I use this for gerbils? They tend to chew everything.
How many watts does this pull? I am on off-grid solar and have to be very aware of watts pulled from the battery bank.
Could this heat pad be put under pet bedding in a rabbit hutch?
Has anyone had a feral cat who wouldn't use this heated pad? I have one that is resisting it, and prefers his other K&amp;H microwaveable heating pad.
can I use this for a rabbit
can i put this underneath a plastic rabbit's cage? Would it emit enough heat, and would it be ok under there leaving the plastic unmelted?
Is the pad temp controled or is the thermo cube needed to turn it off during warmer days ?
How long does it take to work?
How do you decide which Douxo shampoo to use. Is there a reason to use the Chlorhexidine rather than the calming or visaversa?
Will this product be likely to stain a white coat?
Can you use on dogs face?
As currently shipping in 2015 does this product contain climbazole? If so, by which vendors? It is not in the product description.
Can this be used with tea tree conditioner? Or should I just use this product by itself?
Does it treat poodle alopecia?
Is this safe for my 3.5 month old puppy?
I need the 16.9 oz bottle with Climbazole. Does this have it? The photo of the product makes no mention nor does the text.
Does this help with smelly odors?
are these made in the USA?
What is the country of origin?
Where are they made?
Does this system comes with pressured CO2 or you have to buy it separably? I am sorry if this is a dumb question, but I am very new in this.
Does this system come with a diffuser?
Will this connect to a 20lb. Co2 bottle from a welding supply shop?
does it have a solenoid that can be connected to a timer?
does this shut off automatically at night?
How much wattage does this pump consume?
i have a power cord from a dolphin 1/3 h.p.pump.will it work with this pump
Is this the 115V or the 230V model or can it be wired for either one
What is this pumps flow rate in gph
Is this pump self priming?
can it go outside?
I am having a lot of trouble separating the blue bulb part- how do you do this? It seems very stuck on tight!
I have 2 newfoundlands and a shitsu will it work for the 3 of them. dirt and slime lays on bottomn from their faces I'm changing their pail3-4 times a day
is this one dishwasher safe?
How high does the water rise above the rim when the unit is running? Is it about as high as is pictured here on Amazon? Thanks!
I love this fountain and have had it for a couple of years. How do I clean the floor inside the water fountain?
How easy is this to clean? Does it get slimy inside in between cleanings?
How low on water will this get before it starts getting noisy (half, 1/4, etc.)? Would a cat be able to use the large dog version?
I am interested in purchasing this fountain but see most people have big dogs...would this be a good fit for French Bulldogs? and does the water flow ov
Is there any kind of warranty on this fountain - I actually have 2 and the one I most recently bought the pump is not pushing the water up and out???
How much food is served (how many pieces) in 1 rotation using shrimp pellets?
How big is each food compartment?
Hi how does this fit onto the tank thanks
Will this work for an outdoor pond with goldfish?
I am confused...I don't want to feed every day...that is way too much.is there a way to program this feeder to feed every three days..?
how much does feeder hold?
Is this a one day feeder How many days can it feed
Will this unit dispense algae wafers?
Why is there a 3-4 month delivery time?
would this be good for an iguana
Would this enclosure be suitable for raising butterflies?
What are some other great brands similar to this one? I really want a mesh cage.
will an 8" Senegal chameleon fit in here comfortalbly?
does this hold heat or humidity well?
Could an adult bearded dragon live in here comfortably?
do you think a corn snake could live in this?
Could a male veiled cham live in this?
Can a Jacksons Cham. live in it?
i have a burmese python would this be good for him?
Does this product contain any other substance besides DMSO? If so, what are they?
Where is it made, US or China?
Can I just use DMSO with essential oil and use on my face for acne?? Thanks
WHERE DOES THIS PRODUCT COME FROM?
Can DMSO help with retinitis pigmentosa
Does this work for sciatic pain?
Can anyone tell me what the container of this product is made out of?
I've mixed this with aloe vera gel but its not quite thick enough.. I suppose that's ok..
What ratio do you use to mix dmso for headaches?
Does this product contain any other substance besides the DMSO?
How much does the stroller weigh?
Where can I get the front wheel fixed, it became loose and wobbly on our first excursion . I can't see how to get into the Inner housing to stabiliz
what are the tires made of?
How does it close....zipper or Velcro? Does it have one or two tie downs? Does anyone know please?
Is the handle adjustable for tall people? I'm 6' 4" and I don't want to have to hunch over.
What is the handle bar height
This is supposed to be all terrain. Does that include sand how does it do on the beach?
I am considering buying this as a jogging stroller but am 5'11 tall. How is the distance from the handle? Would I end up kicking the stroller? Thx
Has anyone had any issues with the tires?
Help! Need help getting front wheel to swivel. Is there a manual available?
Are there any other ingredients besides Brewers yeast and garlic? I don't want any maltodextrin or turkey flavor or chicken meal? Thanks.
What is the dosage?
How long does it take before it starts working for fleas?
I wish to give this to my cats as well as dogs. Is is soft enough for cats to chew? Thanks.
Is there cottonseed oil in this product?
Is it made in the USA?
Using a standard 5 gr aspirin as a guide for size, how big are the pills?
If made in the USA, why does the photo show french on the bottle?
where is it made?
are these good for keeping ticks off my dogs ?
Do I need to close door to the room diffuser will be used in
I have read some reviews that state this diffuser gets extremely hot and could be a fire hazard. Have users found this to be accurate?
How long does one bottle last on average, in days, weeks, or months?
Can this product be used in combination with the Adaptil collar?
Does it have an odor
I received mine with instructions in French. It's self explanatory how to put it together, but when you plug in, how do you know it's working?!
Confused by instructions- it says to plug in and turn it. But that would leave the vial on it's side. Is that right?
does this particular product come with a 48ml scent plug in?
How long does it take to work? I seem to remember that it's most effective with a two-week exposure prior to stressful events.
What % are the "appeasement" pheromones in this product
Do the refills fit in any other diffusers, like Airwick?
Does this work the DAP diffuser, or do I have to get it with the Adaptil diffuser?
How large an area does diffuser cover
Can I just open the refill and pour into spray bottle for traveling in car?
Which works better, the diffuser or the collar?
Does this product contain any fragrance? Do humans smell anything when it's being used?
are there drops for water or to put on treat
Will this fit into the comfort zone diffuser ?
Any difference between the Originalz and ILS? Hard to rely on photos. Need a pair for Belgian Malinois.
I have a medium sized boxer and his head is not very large. He's about 55 pounds. Should I get the medium or large?
I have a westhighland terrier, 20 lbs...medium? Would like input..thank you
I have a German Short Hair Pointer - medium size dog, but his head isnt huge. any idea what size doggles i might need?
how do you size them? How do you know what size you need?
I need a pair for my Schnauzer mix but not sure what size to get. Any recommendations?
What are the dimensions of the actual opening?
how to dismantle?
what are the approximate dimensions when it is folded? Is it still as large as the base? Or can it be folded/up disassembled &amp; fit in a backpack?
What do you use this for if you have to supervise your dog? My dog ate it.
Just unzip? Will it automatically snap the frame into place, and if so how sturdy isit? Do you have any pictures showing how it folds down and up?
how much does it weigh
is the backdrop removable? Does anyone know if it would be suitable for growing orchids?
Soon to be new ball python owner! Got the 36 x 18. What light should I get with it?
will this work for a ball python?
Is it good for crested gecko?
What is the depth (in inches) from the bottom to the doors?
which dimensions (wider or taller) is ideal for an adult corn snake?
Hi! Can this hold water on the bottom?
Does the lid stay locked down well? I have a snake who loves to escape and specifically pushes her head against the lids to push them up.
Does it come with any lid or lock or both need to be purchased separately?
is this a 20 gallion tank? or do I need a larger one for one white tree frog?
Would this tank (12x12x12) be good for a baby corn snake? Or would the next size up be better?
Are you able to clip the leash to the front bottom ring so that it can be used as a no-pull harness? Can't tell from photo...Thanks.
is there a handle
how do you put it on
Does anyone know if these fit well on Chinese Pugs?
Will the small fit the chest sizes of 13 inch and 14 inch?
I cannot figure out how this goes on the dog? Can you help?
Would you get a small or medium for a 13 lb puppy?
Chest size is 30". Get medium or large? Thank you
neck sizes?
How thick are the harness straps?
Are you able to clip the leash to the front bottom ring so that it can be used as a no-pull harness? Can't tell from photo...Thanks.
is there a handle
how do you put it on
Does anyone know if these fit well on Chinese Pugs?
Will the small fit the chest sizes of 13 inch and 14 inch?
I cannot figure out how this goes on the dog? Can you help?
Would you get a small or medium for a 13 lb puppy?
Chest size is 30". Get medium or large? Thank you
neck sizes?
How thick are the harness straps?
Are you able to clip the leash to the front bottom ring so that it can be used as a no-pull harness? Can't tell from photo...Thanks.
is there a handle
how do you put it on
Does anyone know if these fit well on Chinese Pugs?
Will the small fit the chest sizes of 13 inch and 14 inch?
I cannot figure out how this goes on the dog? Can you help?
Would you get a small or medium for a 13 lb puppy?
Chest size is 30". Get medium or large? Thank you
neck sizes?
How thick are the harness straps?
My kitten currently weighs about 5.5 lbs &amp; is growing fast. My question is whether I should purchase the small or medium size?
how do I decide if I should get the medium or large is their a weight range?
is there a big difference between med and large?
My cat is a nut. He wants to go outside. Is this easy to train for him?
how long is the leash?
Going to train new persian kitten to walk on harness..Do you thing 3 yr old Persian will ever want to do it also? Is adjusting perfectly...have been very attentive and careful..Both fine.
I'm buying a "Kitty Holster" vest/harness to use with this, so I'd just like to know about the leash. Did you like the leash for your cat?
My cat weighs 9.5lbs and girth is exactly 14 in. Should I get a Medium or Large?
What size for a 15 pound cat?
Hi, I'm interested in this bungee leash for my tiny dog. She's a 3.5 lbs pomeranian. Would you recommend this leash for a dog? Just leash, not harness
Does it have a place to put dmall doggy treats? Have one that does, but my mini-dachshund has learned to extract treats so it is no longer fun for he
How does it glow? Batteries or do you need to expose it to sunlight repeatedly? How long does it glow for?
Is this the 2.5 inch or 3 inch version?
Which of the Planet Dog balls float?
Is this product made in the United States? If not, what is the country origin?
There does not seem to be an option to choose a size, how do I ensure that I am receiving the larger one?
For a small dog will this ball take chewing for months or just days?
Is this ball U.S. made of U.S. components? NOTHING from China for my dog.
Is this ball U.S. made of U.S. components? NOTHING from China for my dog.
how big is this ball?
Are you able to clip the leash to the front bottom ring so that it can be used as a no-pull harness? Can't tell from photo...Thanks.
is there a handle
how do you put it on
Does anyone know if these fit well on Chinese Pugs?
Will the small fit the chest sizes of 13 inch and 14 inch?
I cannot figure out how this goes on the dog? Can you help?
Would you get a small or medium for a 13 lb puppy?
Chest size is 30". Get medium or large? Thank you
neck sizes?
How thick are the harness straps?
Are you able to clip the leash to the front bottom ring so that it can be used as a no-pull harness? Can't tell from photo...Thanks.
is there a handle
how do you put it on
Does anyone know if these fit well on Chinese Pugs?
Will the small fit the chest sizes of 13 inch and 14 inch?
I cannot figure out how this goes on the dog? Can you help?
Would you get a small or medium for a 13 lb puppy?
Chest size is 30". Get medium or large? Thank you
neck sizes?
How thick are the harness straps?
Are you able to clip the leash to the front bottom ring so that it can be used as a no-pull harness? Can't tell from photo...Thanks.
is there a handle
how do you put it on
Does anyone know if these fit well on Chinese Pugs?
Will the small fit the chest sizes of 13 inch and 14 inch?
I cannot figure out how this goes on the dog? Can you help?
Would you get a small or medium for a 13 lb puppy?
Chest size is 30". Get medium or large? Thank you
neck sizes?
How thick are the harness straps?
Right size for an 18 lb. cat, or should I purchase the large?
I am considering purchasing this leash to use for potty breaks for my cat during a 11 hour car trip. Would this work for rest stop breaks?
My kitten currently weighs about 5.5 lbs &amp; is growing fast. My question is whether I should purchase the small or medium size?
how do I decide if I should get the medium or large is their a weight range?
is there a big difference between med and large?
My cat is a nut. He wants to go outside. Is this easy to train for him?
how long is the leash?
Going to train new persian kitten to walk on harness..Do you thing 3 yr old Persian will ever want to do it also? Is adjusting perfectly...have been very attentive and careful..Both fine.
I'm buying a "Kitty Holster" vest/harness to use with this, so I'd just like to know about the leash. Did you like the leash for your cat?
My cat weighs 9.5lbs and girth is exactly 14 in. Should I get a Medium or Large?
What size for a 15 pound cat?
Hi, I'm interested in this bungee leash for my tiny dog. She's a 3.5 lbs pomeranian. Would you recommend this leash for a dog? Just leash, not harness
Are you able to clip the leash to the front bottom ring so that it can be used as a no-pull harness? Can't tell from photo...Thanks.
is there a handle
how do you put it on
Does anyone know if these fit well on Chinese Pugs?
Will the small fit the chest sizes of 13 inch and 14 inch?
I cannot figure out how this goes on the dog? Can you help?
Would you get a small or medium for a 13 lb puppy?
Chest size is 30". Get medium or large? Thank you
neck sizes?
How thick are the harness straps?
My kitten currently weighs about 5.5 lbs &amp; is growing fast. My question is whether I should purchase the small or medium size?
how do I decide if I should get the medium or large is their a weight range?
is there a big difference between med and large?
My cat is a nut. He wants to go outside. Is this easy to train for him?
how long is the leash?
Going to train new persian kitten to walk on harness..Do you thing 3 yr old Persian will ever want to do it also? Is adjusting perfectly...have been very attentive and careful..Both fine.
I'm buying a "Kitty Holster" vest/harness to use with this, so I'd just like to know about the leash. Did you like the leash for your cat?
My cat weighs 9.5lbs and girth is exactly 14 in. Should I get a Medium or Large?
What size for a 15 pound cat?
Hi, I'm interested in this bungee leash for my tiny dog. She's a 3.5 lbs pomeranian. Would you recommend this leash for a dog? Just leash, not harness
what is the exact height of this gate?
Will this gate move when the dog tries to jump over? What holds it in place while the dog is jumping on it?
What is the depth of this gate not including the stabalizing part of the leg?
Will this gate work for a 70lb lab?
Is there a gate to walk through in this?
Is there a one touch opening gate that can be added to this freestanding gate?
Can you connect more of the same fence together?
I have a Yorkie puppy and she is very small, only about 2 pounds if even but strong. Would she be able to fit through the bars?
Is this price for the Large or the Small version?
We want to put up something like this for our dog, but we don't want to limit our kids' mobility between rooms. Is that a problem with this gate?
My kitten currently weighs about 5.5 lbs &amp; is growing fast. My question is whether I should purchase the small or medium size?
how do I decide if I should get the medium or large is their a weight range?
is there a big difference between med and large?
My cat is a nut. He wants to go outside. Is this easy to train for him?
how long is the leash?
Going to train new persian kitten to walk on harness..Do you thing 3 yr old Persian will ever want to do it also? Is adjusting perfectly...have been very attentive and careful..Both fine.
I'm buying a "Kitty Holster" vest/harness to use with this, so I'd just like to know about the leash. Did you like the leash for your cat?
My cat weighs 9.5lbs and girth is exactly 14 in. Should I get a Medium or Large?
What size for a 15 pound cat?
Hi, I'm interested in this bungee leash for my tiny dog. She's a 3.5 lbs pomeranian. Would you recommend this leash for a dog? Just leash, not harness
My kitten currently weighs about 5.5 lbs &amp; is growing fast. My question is whether I should purchase the small or medium size?
how do I decide if I should get the medium or large is their a weight range?
is there a big difference between med and large?
My cat is a nut. He wants to go outside. Is this easy to train for him?
how long is the leash?
Going to train new persian kitten to walk on harness..Do you thing 3 yr old Persian will ever want to do it also? Is adjusting perfectly...have been very attentive and careful..Both fine.
I'm buying a "Kitty Holster" vest/harness to use with this, so I'd just like to know about the leash. Did you like the leash for your cat?
My cat weighs 9.5lbs and girth is exactly 14 in. Should I get a Medium or Large?
What size for a 15 pound cat?
Hi, I'm interested in this bungee leash for my tiny dog. She's a 3.5 lbs pomeranian. Would you recommend this leash for a dog? Just leash, not harness
My kitten currently weighs about 5.5 lbs &amp; is growing fast. My question is whether I should purchase the small or medium size?
how do I decide if I should get the medium or large is their a weight range?
is there a big difference between med and large?
My cat is a nut. He wants to go outside. Is this easy to train for him?
how long is the leash?
Going to train new persian kitten to walk on harness..Do you thing 3 yr old Persian will ever want to do it also? Is adjusting perfectly...have been very attentive and careful..Both fine.
I'm buying a "Kitty Holster" vest/harness to use with this, so I'd just like to know about the leash. Did you like the leash for your cat?
My cat weighs 9.5lbs and girth is exactly 14 in. Should I get a Medium or Large?
What size for a 15 pound cat?
Hi, I'm interested in this bungee leash for my tiny dog. She's a 3.5 lbs pomeranian. Would you recommend this leash for a dog? Just leash, not harness
My kitten currently weighs about 5.5 lbs &amp; is growing fast. My question is whether I should purchase the small or medium size?
how do I decide if I should get the medium or large is their a weight range?
is there a big difference between med and large?
My cat is a nut. He wants to go outside. Is this easy to train for him?
how long is the leash?
Going to train new persian kitten to walk on harness..Do you thing 3 yr old Persian will ever want to do it also? Is adjusting perfectly...have been very attentive and careful..Both fine.
I'm buying a "Kitty Holster" vest/harness to use with this, so I'd just like to know about the leash. Did you like the leash for your cat?
My cat weighs 9.5lbs and girth is exactly 14 in. Should I get a Medium or Large?
What size for a 15 pound cat?
Hi, I'm interested in this bungee leash for my tiny dog. She's a 3.5 lbs pomeranian. Would you recommend this leash for a dog? Just leash, not harness
My kitten currently weighs about 5.5 lbs &amp; is growing fast. My question is whether I should purchase the small or medium size?
how do I decide if I should get the medium or large is their a weight range?
is there a big difference between med and large?
My cat is a nut. He wants to go outside. Is this easy to train for him?
how long is the leash?
Going to train new persian kitten to walk on harness..Do you thing 3 yr old Persian will ever want to do it also? Is adjusting perfectly...have been very attentive and careful..Both fine.
I'm buying a "Kitty Holster" vest/harness to use with this, so I'd just like to know about the leash. Did you like the leash for your cat?
My cat weighs 9.5lbs and girth is exactly 14 in. Should I get a Medium or Large?
What size for a 15 pound cat?
Hi, I'm interested in this bungee leash for my tiny dog. She's a 3.5 lbs pomeranian. Would you recommend this leash for a dog? Just leash, not harness
Would be ok for wet/ greasy treats like hotdog pieces etc.?
What are dimentions of bag?
How long is the belt? I have a plus size waist.
Do you know what is it made of? People were complaining about another one made of terylene.
Is the item 110V or 220V?
Is this okay to be used in a acrylic tank?
Will the 100 w heater be too hot for a 10 gallon tank?
can i use this in a half filled turtle tank? or does it have to be all the way under water?
Will the 50w heat a 30 gallon tank and maintain at 75/80 degree?
Does this heater work in a 3 gallon tank????
Will this be o.k. in a 1 gal acrylic tank?
Can I use it on my turtle tank
NOTE: The description &amp; packaging don't match. The Amazon ad indicates 2 to 30 gallons, but in the image it shows 2 to 10 gallons.
What size heater do I need for a 40-gallon tank?
I am thinking of getting this cage for a parrotlet. Is the spacing between the bars good for small birds? Would you still recommend this cage? :-)
Where I can get the bowls that came with the cage. I accidentally broke one of them
What are the dimensions of this cage?
Space at bottom seems large? Maybe I put it together wrong? n o directions where do I get some directions?
The box isn't marked in anyway so I am not sure if it is the variety pack or the charcoal. Are the charcoal treats multicolored?
Are these biscuits still NOT made in China? Description no longer says.
Wat are all the ingredients ?
What are the expiration dates of these?
Will the 20x18 inch top fit a 30G high tank as my measurements are 19x17 inch?
Will this fit my top opening size of 19-1/8"x16"(17-1/4" with trimable back pc? Thanks
I just got this product, it does fit perfectly, but where is the handle to open it?
Would it fit my column tank i purchased through the same company? I recently 37-Gallon Column Aquarium Tank 20 by 18 by 24-Inch?
i have a 47 gallon column aquarium will this product fit &lt;&lt;&lt;Perfecto Manufacturing APF34200 Glass Canopy Aquarium, 20 by 18-Inch
does this come in 3 foot sections it doesnt say in details or in description
What are EXACT dimensions of each piece? I need to be sure it will fit my tank before purchasing. Thanks!
works well for a 80 gallon tank?( 50x20x20in)
does it come with the center support? thanks
can it be used on a tank with no middle bracket
what are the sizes of the two different panes of glass(each of the 4 panels)
Do the boxes have an expiration date?
The title says that they are Red Barn. But the picture shows Happy Dog Place. Have you received ears that have Red Barn packaging or Happy Dog Place?
Are these larger or smaller? For instance, the size of an adult outstretched hand (wrist to fingertips), how do they compare?
Hi, are these ears baked? I wouldn't want the greasy kind. Thanks.
Can I know the size of the box of which the 100 cow ears are delivered in?
Are these made in USA??
Where are these made? Where are the cows from?
Does 100/Cs mean 100 count?
are these from usa cows?
Does the price always fluctuate on these? I see the price has gone up $9 since I ordered my first box a few days ago?
mom's cat is quite, erm... chubby. weight limit on this?
what are the dimensions of the top round sleeper and the curved cradle?
What is the height from the ground to the top bed?
Is it possible to get this in light pink as in a larger one you offer on Amazon ?
Why does there seem to be so much variation in color and in apparent carpet quality? Are these reviewers buying from different suppliers?
On the Simple Sleeper, can anyone tell me how high the 2nd level is from the ground to the middle of the curved cradle?
What is the height from the floor (not the base) to the TOP of the curve on the curved bed? Thanks for your help!
What is the height from the ground to the bottom bed (curved bed)? Also is the carpet good quality (thick, plush)?
How far off the floor is the lower bed? I have to fit it over a weird window ledge. Thank you.
Feedback re carpeting, thickness, durability. Bought 2 Armarkats - poor quality, thin covering on one; the other now tearing at seams. Thanks.
At what point does it collapse?
how high is the feline recliner?
What are the dimensions of the top bed?
San you replace the sisal rope on this tree stand?
whats the diameter of the pole?
does it come assembled
What is the dimensions of the sleeper and the round beds?
what is the weight of this tower?
Is the base really 24" x 24"? or 28" x 28"? Both are listed in different parts of the description. Thank you.
Is this cat tree a neutral light beige color or off white? On my screen, the carpeted part looks pink! Thanks in advance.
Does the carpeting shed pieces or fray when the cats scratch it? I've had the cheaper pet store trees and I was forever picking up carpet fibers.
Just got one. The tallest pole and top level aren't exactly straight or square. Slight imperfection. Bothers me considering the price. Is this common?
Is it all one color, or two colors as in the picture?
has the company changed the kind of carpeting used? I am concerned by a recent review that said it was not as pictured.
Since this large tree comes assembled, will I be able to disassemble it when the time comes to discard it?
Do any of the taller two posts wobble or lean over time (my cats will launch themselves like rockets at them)?
yeast infection in dog fixed with probiotic?
can you open the capsule and sprinkle on food?
Where is this product made?
how many strains in each tablet? What is the count of live cultures in each tablet? My dog needs from 2-4 billion count and at least 5-6 live cultur
The ad says the probiotic is in capsule form. The picture of the bottle says "60 liver chewables" Are the capsules '"chewable?"
Are there any additives in these capsules?
hi, I want to buy 16pcs and ship it to Taiwan. May I know the expiration date of you on hand goods? thank you.
1
how to mail it back I thought it was for cats and dogs and all my dogs are under 50 lbs and this is for dogs over 50 lbs. so I need to return this an
do the electrical plugs be compatible with australia power points?
does this come with everything you need to unwrap and plug in?
Does anybody know if these diffusers and refills are compatible with the Comfort Zone Feliway products?
Is this stand able to hold a 55 gallon tank? Perfecto Manufacturing APF67243 Majesty Stand for Aquarium, 24 by 12-Inch, Black
Why does the picture, title, and description have nothing in common? I was looking for an aquarium stand, but is it a perch, or ???
Why does the picture, title, and description have nothing in common? I was looking for an aquarium stand, but is it a perch, or ???
is it that color and what size tank is in the picture
im confused with the size of this stand can u please be more specific..what is the LENGH AND HIGH i wanna order one for a christmas present
This isn't really made of canvas, is it?
What is the bar-spacing?
How high is the pen? Is it the 29 inches? It looks higher in the pictures. Thanks,
on amazon there is a bottom for like sixteen dollars and they keep showing them together but one says small and the cage is large what do you do ?
does the bottom come with it
Is this item the actual cage or just the cover? Amazon isn't always clear on what is being ordered.
How big is each panel?
total feet
Will this work for ferrets?
Can you attach more than one cage?
What size would be big enough for a regular dachshund?
what size for adult german shepherd
Will the 30x19x21 fit a 4 month old Sheltie and Cavachon together?.
I have two miniature dachshunds ,one weighs about 13lbs and the other one weighs about 15lbs. Does the medium size crate fit both my dogs?
The smallest size appears to be a perfect fit for my Maltese, 14lbs but the product description states "up to 6lbs".
is this an airline approved shipping crate?
Can the 42" fit a tall lab/hound mix who weighs 74lbs. It is for short, couple hour holding.
good crate for puppy training?
48x30x33 will it fit our Great Pyrenees? He is a year old and is about 100lbs right now. He is expected to be between 130-150 when full grown.
Which size should I get for a 90ish pound black lab?
What size would be big enough for a regular dachshund?
what size for adult german shepherd
Will the 30x19x21 fit a 4 month old Sheltie and Cavachon together?.
I have two miniature dachshunds ,one weighs about 13lbs and the other one weighs about 15lbs. Does the medium size crate fit both my dogs?
The smallest size appears to be a perfect fit for my Maltese, 14lbs but the product description states "up to 6lbs".
is this an airline approved shipping crate?
Can the 42" fit a tall lab/hound mix who weighs 74lbs. It is for short, couple hour holding.
good crate for puppy training?
48x30x33 will it fit our Great Pyrenees? He is a year old and is about 100lbs right now. He is expected to be between 130-150 when full grown.
Which size should I get for a 90ish pound black lab?
Would the 36 inch crate be large enough for a boxer?
How often to use to keep ticks/fleas away? How many times 1bottle lasts for very big dog, thick fur?
What is the active ingredient? Permethrin/Pyrethrin?
ingredients?
What are the dimensions of this item?
Would this work at the bottom of a fish tank? What is it made of? Thanks!
OK to clean this in the washer? Any tips?
Why are the product dimensions insufficient? Product Dimensions: 2.5 x 18.5 x 2.5 inches
Will this fit the Exo-Terra LARGE/WIDE Terrarium at 36"L x 18"W
What are the dimensions?
One reviewer here says that Home Depot makes an indoor/outdoor carpet similar to this Zilla terrarium liner. Says it's the same material too. But I can't find it on the HD site. Can anyone tell me more about it? Unfortunately, I think some reviewers...
what size for a bichonpoo puppy
What country is it made in?
How do I know what size to get? I have a poodle who, according to the vet, may get up to 20 pounds...
My puppy is a beagle/Australian shepherd mix. What size crate should I get?
How tall is this crate?
How large is the door on the 30x19x21 crate? I'm wondering if i can get a small litter box inside to transport my cat in a cross-country move.
Would the 30in be large enough for a 50lb pit mix?
I have a 23 pound French bulldog. Should I go with the small or medium? She has a typical Frenchie barrel chest.
I have a 13# min pin, should I buy the xs or s? Thanks.
I have a 10 lb shih tzu what size should we order
what is the sizing
i have a 11lb mini dachund will a small do the trick?
i have a 20lb pug should I order a small or med?
I have a chihuahua/lab/Doxie mix - 24# &amp; 21" chest. What size would you suggest?
Hi everyone!! I have a 6lb Chinweenie and her measurements are NECK: 9", CHEST: 15", BACK: 13", WAIST: 13.5". xxs or xs for her? Thanks!!
How to determine the size?
Is there a size chart available?
Would the straps for a baby's car seat be able to fit through the mesh?
I have a german shepherd dog and would like to know if this barrier fits well with My 2011 Chevy Tahoe
What are the measurements of the mesh frame
Will it fits Toyota highland?
Does the telescoping barrier fit a Jeep Cherokee Classic (2001)?
Does this pet shield travel barrier work /fit well in a 2006 Honda CRV? Thank you.
Will this fit a Toyota Sequoia. Is it good for a cat?
I have a 2013 Venza,will this fit behind the second seat without any gaps that my two siamese could squeeze through. Thanks!
What are the mgs on the ingredients? And where is it made?
Are these flavored treats that my dog will want to eat? Or are they pills or tablets I have to shove down her throat.?
What is the strength of the glucosomine and condroitin?
Are they easy to break in two?
is it good for a 12month old bulldog
Is this product made in the usa?
expiration date?
Can this be used for cats? I have a very dear large red striped cat (Garfield to the T) 22 lbs. Would this be o.k.?
Is there weight/dosage chart on the label of this product?
Would I be able to tuck part of this under my ScoopFree litter box? Can the mat size be trimmed? I don't have enough space for the depth of this mat.
Does it have to be replaced?
Does this work with regular litter? I only use my Scoop Free Litter Box when I'm on vacation.
How do you clean it?
Is this soft or rough? I have a physically deformed cat. He walks on his back ankles instead of his feet, so I am worried about it being too scratchy.
what size is it? what are the dimensions?
Does this ship to Sitka Alaska?
Does the extra transmitter exend the area for dog? I have 1 1/2 acres and need to know if the additional transmitter will allow the dog more space.
Can I use this as the only transmitter? I have an older PFI300 unit, but it seems to be flaking on the high band. Can I just replace the transmitter?
Has anyone tried leaving this unit outside? I would need the unit outside to extend my pets play area.
Can this system be adjusted to cove a larger part of the backyard and maller part of the front year. Also is the extra transmitter worth the money?
will this work with in ground fence collars?
We live in a very hilly area. Most of our land is on some sort of a slope/hill. Is this going to be a problem with this unit?
would this product work if i had it in a backpack walking through the woods ?
Why would you purchase an extra transmitter? Can you increase the coverage area?
Does this transmitter come with a warranty
Is the extra transmitter the same as the one that comes packaged with the collar? Could I use a used extra transmitter with a new collar? (to save $)
Will this unit work for High Tech Humane Contain HC-8000 contanment fence?
Will this work on pet safe RF 1010 transmitter?
Any reason why I should purchase this for my Petsafe system instead of a standard surge protector?
Will this work for the wireless fence system? I live in an area that has frequent lightening strikes.
can someone tell me the exact dimensions of the 36 ?
When placed in the car are there straps/loops to put seat belts through to buckle the crate in for road trips?
I need a soft crate for a road trip. Will this size hold a bichon frise (10lb) and a havaneese (11lb)?
IS there screen material under the roof flap? If not, could one be sewn in for ventilation?
For a large active dog I will not drop him in from top but I do require top ventilation. Is there a soft crate with that?
will the 36" crate fit in the back of a car? I drive a 4 door Camry . . .
How easy is it to break down and set up? I'm looking for something that I can fold down easily daily when not using and reopen daily when I am.
What are the complete dimensions of the "32" inch size? (width length height)
How is it to put together?
Does it have a water bottle holder/opening?
Does the large side door just have a screen or just it have a fabric cover that you can zip down as well?
Can you attach the crate in a car with a seatbelt?
Hi, Is there a handle for carrying? The smallest size pictured shows something like a handle - this is the size I am interested in. Thanks!
Are there dividers for this crate? Interested in using it for 8 week old puppy for training.
How do you set it up?
Are the crates permitted by Airline Companies to transport dogs in the luggage hold as with other crates????
are these approved to fly by airline under the seat?
has the smell problem been taken care of?
What are the dimensions of the smallest size crate?
I want a soft side krate that does NOT stink!!!! I`m afraid to take a chance, based on what I`ve read!What do u recommend for an active Aussie??
Do the mesh windows have covers that can be zipped to close the window, so rain can't get inside if it's used for my dog to sleep in outside?
Please someone tell me if both (2) small sides have a mesh window or only 1? i know front top and 1 small side does but not sure of other. thx
This crates works for a rottweiler??
Does it have a side opening?
Has anyone used this crate for a great dane?
Is XL crate big enough for 2 cats, bed, food and small litter box (for sleeping at night)?
I'm going to need to check the crate with my luggage for a flight. Do you think it'll stay flat and hold up to the abuse of checked luggage?
I need a crate that all sides are covered with non-see through material as my dog barks at every passing car. Is there a crate like this?
Does this product(42") will be delivered in some form? Folded or unfolded? Thank you
Can the zippers be replaced in the model n2-30
Is there a carrying strap? Is the floor rigid enough that the unit could be picked up and carried 20 feet with a dog standing in it?
Does it fold up for storage/transport? If so, what are the folded dimensions (HxWxD)?
There are several complaints about a toxic odor???
What size crate do I need for an australian shepherd? He's a puppy now so I can't measure him. He will probably be between 50-60 pounds.
Does the top access opening have both mesh and solid options like the front door?
What are the actual dimensions of the opening for the 30 inch?
Does this crate come with a carrying case?
Is there a partition included? I don't want to buy one crate for an 8 week old and then have to buy a larger one in a matter of a couple of months.
Can these crates be stacked?
How many cups of food are in a 25.3 lb bag?
Thinking of buying this food for my 9 week GSD puppy. Is it really as good for that price?
Is this dog food only for LARGE breeds? I have both a 3 year old Chihuahua and a 2 year old Goldendoodle... can they use the same type?
The Chicken Meal formula has made my dog's coat very soft and shiny but I have found that it makes him flatulent. Anyone else have this issue?
cat
Does it work on advance tartar problems too or just for beginning ones?
I found out that plaque attack has fluoride in it which is poisonous to dogs. Does this product have fluoride or any other harmful things in it?
Is XANTHUM GUM derived from GMO corn or ANY other UNnatural source?
Is there grain alcohol in this product and is it harmful?
can you tell me if there is papain and yucca in the ingredients? Can you give me a list of the active ingredients since they are not listed here.
Does this work well on cats?
Are the walls filled with insulation? How low of a temperature can it be used in?
I want to know size of the box that wrap the product
Is this rain proof? How well does it do with rain? or extreme heat?
I'm looking for a dog house for a great pyreense. he's 119 lbs but is very tall. will this house be able to accomodate him?
Are the inside walls and floor hard or soft?
45 x 32.5 inches is the 'advertisement shown' dimensions. ~ Uh! inside width &amp; depth please. :o) Thank You for helping
If I buy the dog door flap, is it easy to add to the house or does it require drilling holes, etc?
Would this dog house work for a 120 pound great dane?
We need a doghouse that will keep them cool in the year-round Texas heat. Is this a good choice?
can this house be good one for a german shepard work line ??
Does anyone have problem with food spillage with these bowls? Dry food keeps getting knocked out of the ones I use now.
Any one know if this would fit in a "plate" or "saucer" section of a dishwasher? Or is it as tall as a normal stainless steel dish?
Is this supposed to hold 12 ounces of water? If so, the one I just received is the wrong size. I don't see the capacity anywhere on the bowl.
I've read past comments on how this bowl has a strong odor. Have recent purchasers found this to be true?
Is this food grade steel that can be used for kids? The rubber bottom seems like a great idea for young children?
What is the exterior diameter for the bottom of the bowl?
where is it made
What is the interior dimension of hte 12 ounce bowl? I need to see if it will fit within my raised feeder.
What is the interior dimension of hte 12 ounce bowl? I need to see if it will fit within my raised feeder.
Where is it made
The blue on the bowl is it a removable label.....IF it is a label is it easy to remove and does it leave a residue on the bowl after you get it off?
Outdoor Use: Any concern for it being in the Texas sun all day? Will it make the water too hot to drink, being made of steel?
what is the diameter of the opening of the bowl?
How well does this bowl resist sliding along the floor when used for a food dish for a large dog?
Can anyone explain how this works? I'm not sure if I understand from reading the reviews and product description...
Do you have to use their litter in order for this to work?
I noticed that the back of the bottle says not to use it with wheat litter. Any guesses as to why?
My cat sprays all the time will this work for him? He is not sick hes been to the vet idk what to do anymore with him. I want to keep him
Is this attractant based upon catnip? My older cat is immune to catnip, and could care less.
Has anyone used this with blue crystals, like Fresh Step? Or does it only work with clumping litter?
How long is it potent once it's opened?
Has anyone tried it with crystal litter? We have a Scoopfree electric sandbox which the cat recently stopped using, except for urination.
How much should I add to the litter since I scoop and add more litter daily? It is presuming you add litter less often in the instructions.
Will this work to get a kitty to go OUTSIDE? Such as, the garden? Has anyone tried that?
Does this help with litter training small kittens??
I have two male cats and they continue to spray everywhere. I cannot got them to get sprayed until the end of the month. Will this work as a temporary
How does the clumping compare to World's Best Cat Litter?
Does this product help with sudden spraying episodes?
How is this litter different from the Precious Cat Ultra Premium Clumping Cat Litter? Thanks!
Can you mix this with other types of litter? I'd like to use our normal litter and maybe just add an inch of this on the top.
Is this considered a "soft" litter? My cat has started peeing on the bed and vet thinks the litter we use currently (World's Best) is not soft enough.
My cat urinates in his box, but poops outside the box. Does this litter help with pooping?
How does this product work? Do you replace normal litter with it or just sprinkle some on the top?
Why did the price go up $10? This seems like a large increase
How high does the thermostat go?
I have a outdoor pond with turtles and I'm looking for a good heater to keep the temp at 70 - anything out there?
Is this heater 11 or 14 inches? It is reflected as both
does it turn off automatically when water reaches the adequate temperature?
please somebody knows Is it autovolt? 110/220 volt?
Is the overall length of the heating element 14" or 11"? It's listed both ways. 14" will be too long for where I want to place it in my sump.
How low does the thermostat go? Will it maintain at below 40 F ?
I live in AZ, the nights get cold around 34. Would this work for our turtle in a water trough filled 1/4 of 100 gal trough?
What are the advantages/disadvantages to having a one-part versus two-part pole?
Is it possible to buy the peacock toy in this package anywhere separately, or along with other toys but not these? Cats love it but it breaks quickly
Do they sell replacement string for this item? And do they sell separate clasps for attaching the feather to the string?
Is the pole made of fiberglass?
what is its expiration date?
does that supplement contains chondroitin?
What is expiration date for today order?
What's the expiration date if I buy it now?
What is its exp date
what is the expiration date if I buy now?
what is the expire date?
I'm not great with swallowing larger sized pills. Can these be broken in half and taken that way?
where are these manufactered
what is the expiration date ?
where is this made
Some complained of the chain rusting. Did yours rust? Overall, are you happy with quality of build?
I need one for a Dalmatian puppy who is 8 weeks old. Which size should I get?
My dog chewed through the nylon collar? Is this strong enough to hold?
Hi..I have a German Shepherd with an 18" neck. Current collar is 20.5" Should I get a medium or large?
What are the ingredients? Only thing I know that will give pets an odor that repells fleas is garlic, which will also damage red blood cells.
HOW MANY COMES IN ONE BOTTLE?
Does this really work to repel fleas? I tried another brand with Garlic and it did not work at all, so disappointed. Thanks!
Has anyone seen that this product repels mosquitoes?
How is it for tick control?
Does this product have to be used year round or simply during Flea, Mosquito, Tick season for seasonal areas? I traditionally only when needed.
What country of origin do the original ingredients come from? What country of origin is the manufacturer?
How long does it take for this to work? I've given it to my cat for about a week, once a day, and she stinks and and being eaten up by fleas.
Our dog was just diagnosed with lymes disease antibodies. Has anyone found this to be a good tick preventative?
What are reasons this product would not prove to be effective? It didnt work My dogs have been taking it everyday to no avail.
Can it be used on Horses?
can this be used on small dogs ? I have a 5lb pom..I live near woods
is this product good to prevent bed bugs
Is the Glucosamine in this product from shellfish? My dog doesn't digest fish well.
how many chewables are in the 9.7 oz bag?
The item description lists this as both the dog and the cat formula. Is it indeed the dog formula?
i usually rub it into my scalp and i use quite a bit but i only do it like once a week, is it too much..?
Is this OK for people to use on themselves for hair growth
what size is this bottle?
I have locs and my edges are thin from previously wearing braids. I wanted to know will MTG help my edges grow &amp; how long &amp; how often should I use MTG
Should I use the oil once or twice a day on my scalp? Should I use it everyday?
Is it ok to use on color treated hair?
How do you apply this to your hair? Do you wash it and leave it on? Wash and and rinse in 1 minute? 2 minutes?
how often do you apply
Will this product help with shedding?
Will this work if you spray it on? I can't get close enough to my recued llama to massage it in...and he has a terrible skin condition. Thanks.
Is this cage suitable for two male rats?
Can anyone tell me the height of just the cage part? I am trying to figure out how big the actual living space is. Thanks!
GOOD FOR CHINCHILLAS?
Are the wires close enough to each other that if I house rats, they won't get out? I want to buy it but I am concerned my rats will fit through.
could you take out that whole middle wire flooring &amp; place it somewhere besides the middle? like maybe close off like 1/3 of the cage rather than 1/2?
Is Amazon selling this like shown in the picture with the plastic shelves with the holes, and plastic ladders. Or are they both metal now?
Is there a way for me to remove the wire on the bottom of the cage and just let my chinchillas run around on the tray?
Is this a good cage for a chinchilla? Also, do the wheels come off and would it be sturdy on a table?
would this cage be alright for 2 ferrets?
What is the coating on this cage?
What is the size of living space, exactly please?
Does the cage portion of this cage (including the tray bottom) lift off the stand, making the 'home/cage portion" portable?
does bird cage 3152coco come with 5/8 bar spacing
What is the actual cage size not including the playtop?
will it be large enough for my African Grey?
Do the dimensions listed include the seed catcher? I want to know the actual cage size with out the seed catcher before I buy.
I've had the cage assembled and next to my two cockatiels cages for a week now trying to guide them to it gradually. They are not liking it and keep flying away, yikes - how long did it take your birds? I bet you all were able to just move them in...
How well does the 'skirt' work? Does it catch nearly all of the seed and other mess?
Is it good for a lovebird? I read lovebirds need 1/2" max bar spacing but the cage size meet all other requirements.
do you sell extra interior food bowls?
My 55 gallon tank's (48x13) rim is just under 48.5"x13" -- would this cover fit?
Is this screen designed to have heat lamps resting on top of it?
From outside lip to outside lip my tank measures 48.5" X 13.25". Will this lid work? Thank You!
i have a 60 gallon long tank will it fit?
fits 55 gallon tank ?
What size HoundAbout Bicycle Pet Trailer would a 65 pound standard poodle need?
Really need to know the interior dimensions. The "when in use" interior dimensions please
How do you keep your dog from jumping out of this?
Will this fit all bike types?
Is there a conversion kit for this model?
Does the trailer come complete "out of the box" ready to go or do I have to order extra parts?
I have a 48 pound sheltie/keeshond mix. Is this the right size or too big?
Does this particular model have the leash option to hook your dog to the inside? I know some of the models do.
We have 5 mini doxies (all under 10 pounds), we are trying to figure if we should each get one for our bikes and split them up or is one good enough?
Is it possible to ship international?
i want to use this for aquarium, can the frame be cut to allow for pump and accessory access?
I have a 40 inch breeder tank. Will this fit? My screen slides in.
Are the product dimensions 36.5 x 18.9 x 0.7 inches correct? or is it a strait 36x18? I need it for a 40gal breeder.
What size would fit a 20 gallon long tank?
Is this aluminum made? the one I have now is rusting with the splash from the water filter. Anyone know where I can find a plastic screen?
I am looking for a heavy metal cover not the thin screen type because the cat jumps onto it. Is this window screen or actual sturdy metal?
will this fit a cage thats 36 long and 18 wide , the top was original a slide in top but our cats broke it and cant find another
I teach Kindergarten and I need an 18 x 36 hinged screen cover so my kindergarteners can feed our aquatic turtle. I can't seem to find one this size.
it is good for hair growth?
This product can be shipped to Ho Chi Minh City (Saigon), Vietnam? If yes, how about the fee? Thx.
Can it be used on humans?
Does this product make your hair thicker?
Is this for horses or human hair.
is this shampoo has the expiration date on it ? i need to know. thanks
Does help to stop hair fall
what does this shampoo and its conditioner smell like?
i have very thin hair &amp; looking for a shampoo to thicken or make my hair fuller, does this shampoo serve the purpose im looking for?
I have very fine, curly hair and want to try this shampoo because of the positive reviews. Will this weigh down my hair?
Is this cage suitable for a dusky conure?
Is 18 x 18 size suitable for one male cockatiel?
Can the cage be put together where the seed cups would be on the left side rather than the right?
If I remove the upper tray ( under the play perch ) is there a cage top or is it open into the cage ?
how tall is the cage without play top?
The 18x18 cage size just the cage or does that include the seed catcher? Thanks ever so much
Is the cage itself 18 x 18 w/o the seed guard?
Is 3/4 inch spacing to wide for an English Budgie?
How well does the "seed catcher" work?
Hi. Is the top playground/perch removable? Thanks.
is this good for water dragons
what are the dimensions?
Considering this for a G. Rosea. Would this be a good enclosure for her?
The full height is 18 inches, but what is just the height of the door and also what is the height til the air vent (from the bottom)?
Would this work for four anoles?
Would it be unreasonable to use this for my gerbils?
How does this compare to the Exo Terra brand?
Is it good for turtles? If not, what would you recommend?
Is there an open space under the terrarium where an Under Tank Heater may be used without having to raise the terrarium up?
How many gallons is this?
What are the measurments Length and Width? It says 12 x 30 but product dimensions said 30.5 X 13.1?
my cats broke the last lid by sitting on top of it and ripping the mesh. Would this withstand my curious cats?
Okay for hamsters?
Would this fit a 20 gallon tank??
Is this a good screen cover for hamsters in an aquarium? I also need to make sure my 13 lbs cat can't push it off.
Is it possible to use this with a HOB filter?
hinges: Is this item hinged.
Does this crate come with a divider for when the dogs are puppies and growing?
will a female great dane that is full grown fit in this crate comfortably
I already have a 2-door 30" crate and I want to know if I bought the 3-door crate if I could put them together and make one larger crage?
What is this cage made of?
I have a 115 lb olde engllish bulldog. What size crate would be optimal for his size?
Does it have a handle on top to carry it around when traveling with a pet?
Need super strong, easy to assemble, 2 locks in front - Ultima or Select Triple Door? Strong lab - getting 42" model.
Metal or plastic tray?
are doors on the end of the crate
Has anyone had luck placing the crate into a LARGER crate pan, whereas to prevent the dog from getting to the edges of it?
Does this crate come with a divider for when the dogs are puppies and growing?
will a female great dane that is full grown fit in this crate comfortably
I already have a 2-door 30" crate and I want to know if I bought the 3-door crate if I could put them together and make one larger crage?
What is this cage made of?
I have a 115 lb olde engllish bulldog. What size crate would be optimal for his size?
Does it have a handle on top to carry it around when traveling with a pet?
Need super strong, easy to assemble, 2 locks in front - Ultima or Select Triple Door? Strong lab - getting 42" model.
Metal or plastic tray?
are doors on the end of the crate
Has anyone had luck placing the crate into a LARGER crate pan, whereas to prevent the dog from getting to the edges of it?
is this terrarium all glass?
What are the dimensions? Am I missing them?
Is this an appropriate size for a ball python? aprox 4-5 feet long?
what is the depth of water that you can put into this tank? (how high up is the front door)?
Can this be used for a baby rainbow boa?
Can this size tank hold a full grown bearded dragon?
This is large enough to house a 3 year old Bearded Dragon? He's currently in a 50 gallon. Jen
Would this be a right size for bearded dragons? Mine are about 6 months old
I am new to the whole tank buying process and this would be my first purchase, so I need clarification on something. I am trying to understand if this or any of the other Zoo Med (front opening) terrariums are suitable as a permanent home for my RES...
has the problem of sharp edges in the crate been corrected?
Looking 2 buy double door crate for 2 dogs w/idea of using the separator 2 put each dog on a side 2 have access 2 their own door. Will this work?
Would the 48 inch crate be adequate to transport two cats and a litter box about 5 hours in the car??
Would the 48" crate be big and sturdy enough for a Great Dane?
I have a golden lab who's middle name is DESTRUCTION...destroys all she comes in contact with. Anybody had experience of a dog chewing out of this?
My new crate has only one door! Why? The order say two door crate.
What are the dimensions?
Are Midwest iCrates made in the USA?
Does the crate come with rubber feet or something similar to avoid scratching hardwood floors?
What is the best size for a 60-70 lb. dog?
Does this crate come with a divider for when the dogs are puppies and growing?
will a female great dane that is full grown fit in this crate comfortably
I already have a 2-door 30" crate and I want to know if I bought the 3-door crate if I could put them together and make one larger crage?
What is this cage made of?
I have a 115 lb olde engllish bulldog. What size crate would be optimal for his size?
Does it have a handle on top to carry it around when traveling with a pet?
Need super strong, easy to assemble, 2 locks in front - Ultima or Select Triple Door? Strong lab - getting 42" model.
Metal or plastic tray?
are doors on the end of the crate
Has anyone had luck placing the crate into a LARGER crate pan, whereas to prevent the dog from getting to the edges of it?
Does this crate come with a divider for when the dogs are puppies and growing?
will a female great dane that is full grown fit in this crate comfortably
I already have a 2-door 30" crate and I want to know if I bought the 3-door crate if I could put them together and make one larger crage?
What is this cage made of?
I have a 115 lb olde engllish bulldog. What size crate would be optimal for his size?
Does it have a handle on top to carry it around when traveling with a pet?
Need super strong, easy to assemble, 2 locks in front - Ultima or Select Triple Door? Strong lab - getting 42" model.
Metal or plastic tray?
are doors on the end of the crate
Has anyone had luck placing the crate into a LARGER crate pan, whereas to prevent the dog from getting to the edges of it?
what are the assembled dimensions?
Hi, does this come with the natural background with the plants sticking out as in the image? Thanks!
does it come with heat?
So, it is basically 12L x 12W x 12T?
Would this be good for a rough green snake?
Could you use this to house a Ball Python?
Does it come as shown in picture with background and plants or will I have to buy them seperately?
Would this be a good terrarium for a leopard gecko to live in comfortably?
is this good for small birds
is this a good terrarium for a bearded dragon? Is it big enough for when he will become full grown?
Does this come with the background?
Is this a good habitat for a snake
is it good for a chameleon
What are it's dimensions?
Does this crate come with a divider for when the dogs are puppies and growing?
will a female great dane that is full grown fit in this crate comfortably
I already have a 2-door 30" crate and I want to know if I bought the 3-door crate if I could put them together and make one larger crage?
What is this cage made of?
I have a 115 lb olde engllish bulldog. What size crate would be optimal for his size?
Does it have a handle on top to carry it around when traveling with a pet?
Need super strong, easy to assemble, 2 locks in front - Ultima or Select Triple Door? Strong lab - getting 42" model.
Metal or plastic tray?
are doors on the end of the crate
Has anyone had luck placing the crate into a LARGER crate pan, whereas to prevent the dog from getting to the edges of it?
has the problem of sharp edges in the crate been corrected?
Looking 2 buy double door crate for 2 dogs w/idea of using the separator 2 put each dog on a side 2 have access 2 their own door. Will this work?
Would the 48 inch crate be adequate to transport two cats and a litter box about 5 hours in the car??
Would the 48" crate be big and sturdy enough for a Great Dane?
I have a golden lab who's middle name is DESTRUCTION...destroys all she comes in contact with. Anybody had experience of a dog chewing out of this?
My new crate has only one door! Why? The order say two door crate.
What are the dimensions?
Are Midwest iCrates made in the USA?
Does the crate come with rubber feet or something similar to avoid scratching hardwood floors?
What is the best size for a 60-70 lb. dog?
Which of dimensions are length, width, height?
has the problem of sharp edges in the crate been corrected?
Looking 2 buy double door crate for 2 dogs w/idea of using the separator 2 put each dog on a side 2 have access 2 their own door. Will this work?
Would the 48 inch crate be adequate to transport two cats and a litter box about 5 hours in the car??
Would the 48" crate be big and sturdy enough for a Great Dane?
I have a golden lab who's middle name is DESTRUCTION...destroys all she comes in contact with. Anybody had experience of a dog chewing out of this?
My new crate has only one door! Why? The order say two door crate.
What are the dimensions?
Are Midwest iCrates made in the USA?
Does the crate come with rubber feet or something similar to avoid scratching hardwood floors?
What is the best size for a 60-70 lb. dog?
What size crate would I need for a Lhaso Apso/Shitzu mix?
is it any good in the winter or summer
Would a large be a good size for a siberian husky?
Will this work for a growing Neapolitan Mastiff puppy?
What is the size of the door/opening?
Can you just remove the floor to this dog house?
Will this fit 3 cats?
Hello this house works for an adult Saint Bernard?
what is the hight
What color is this house?
My floor pieces are not snap/fitting together, did anyone else have this problem or did it easily fit together? Any solutions if you had this problem?
Would a 35# terrier fir?
Is there ventilation at the back?
Does the side fold completely down for access? It's hard to tell from the pic.
Does this carrier load from the top?
Do the bowls for food and water attach to the front door only? Or can they attach somewhere else inside so I can leave them filled with door open!
Does this carrier fold flat, and is it easy to transport? I show dogs, and I need a crate that I can quickly and easily collapse and transport!
Is the door on this crate reversible by chance?
Would this crate be accepted by air liners ?
Does this fold for easy storage.
Is this strong enough to be firmly secured with luggage straps to which I'd attach the seatbelt or would the sides collapse?
can insulation be purchased for this house?
Does this keep the rain out? I am looking for something the stray cats can use as a shelter in the rainy season.
what are the dimensions?
Can someone recommend a pre-made cushion or bedding for this dog house?
Could two dogs fit in one? 50 pounder and 30 pounder who normally sleep on top of each other.
How difficult is it to take this apart and how high are the sides without the roof?
is the house hot or fresh on summer?
What is the height of just the doorway or entranceway?
I have a German Shepard and she is 3 months old and 50lbs...(She is still a puppy and growing). Will this house work or should I go with a bigger one?
plan to carry this on the plane to a friend ...is it too big to carryon unassembled
Will this fit under an airline seat? I want it for my Indian ringneck parakeet to travel on airplane.
I am interested in this carrier, I have two cats and need a carrier for vet visits, it this carrier big enough for an 11lb cat?
Does this pet carrier open on the top, too? Or just the blue door?
Is this carrier approved for air travel (e.g., pet as cargo)?
does this size work well for a 10 lb fat cat?
do you think it is to big for a short haired hamster?
Would it be okay for two guinea pigs?
Is the 19" carrier big enough for a 10 pound cat?
Would this carrier hold rabbits as well, or is it only for cats?
would this be able to fit 2 rabbits?
I have a rabbit...is this carrier suitable for him? Remember he's a chewer!! LOL
Would this be suitable for two cats?
What are the "jail bars" made out of? Are they metal or plastic? If they are plastic, are they durable enough? Do they rattle?
Is this IATA compliant for international travel?
Has anyone travels cross country with this carrier? We are moving out of state and I need my 12 pound cat to be comfy .
Has anyone had issues with their cat not being able to stand up? I worry that my cat won't be able to fully stand up &amp; we're driving for 3 days.
Since my big cat escaped from an all plastic carrier (one of the plastic jail bars was cracked) and a large sturdy cardboard carrier....I am wondering if my cat will be able to escape this one.
Can 25 lb dog fit in the carrier?
Is this big enough for a 36 pound 1 yr. old puppy that is the same size (maybe a tiny bit bigger) than an average beagle?
Would a 13 pound, 5 year old shitzu (sp) fit in this?
Do these mice rattle? My cat won't play with them unless they do.
Are the tails fuzzy like the rest of the mouse? The picture provided does not help with the rear view!
Do these Mice have a hard or soft center? My cats don't like hard toys.
I need to know if when you throw them if they will bounce off he wall? My cat loves to knock them against the wall.
In which country are these manufactured?
are these toys suitable for children craft?
Are these animal fur or synthetic?
made in the usa?
Are these dura play ball for medium to large dogs really this big? Product Dimensions: 11.2 x 8.2 x 8 inches
does it have a squeaky?
How many? How many balls do you get for the $8?
What is the manufacture warranty on this product?
how many watts
So this dryer will work on my long haired retriever?
does this work great in taxidermy shops
Can this dryer stand by itself if left on a table or the floor? In the picture it looks like it has some tiny legs.
Will this work on drying a motorcycle ? they make another product called Metro Sidekick but this may work better since it has the long hose,warm air
does this work on 220?
where can I get a replacement hose?
I just bought the metro air and it gives off a piercing high whistle when I use the nozzles - which hurts the ears &amp; dog bolts . Any advice?
Would this work well on a golden retriever or should I get the more powerful one?
how many lbs are in this bag?
What is the difference between the red and pink bag? So far as I can see by the bag is that the red bag is flush-able and pink is not?
Ordered Saturday, won't be delivered until Wed. Don't see how that falls under Prime 2-day shipping. Even discounting Sunday.
You used to be able to flush this litter. It was clearly stated on the bag. It's since been removed from the bag. What happened, anybody know?
Does this litter have an artificial scent? Often a litter will have an artificial scent but says "odor control" instead of "perfumed".
Does the existence of this product bother anyone besides me? Does it bother anyone else that there are probably thousands of children in the world right this moment that are starving to death while here in America we are using corn for our pets to...
how many lbs are in this bag?
What is the difference between the red and pink bag? So far as I can see by the bag is that the red bag is flush-able and pink is not?
Ordered Saturday, won't be delivered until Wed. Don't see how that falls under Prime 2-day shipping. Even discounting Sunday.
You used to be able to flush this litter. It was clearly stated on the bag. It's since been removed from the bag. What happened, anybody know?
Does this litter have an artificial scent? Often a litter will have an artificial scent but says "odor control" instead of "perfumed".
Does the existence of this product bother anyone besides me? Does it bother anyone else that there are probably thousands of children in the world right this moment that are starving to death while here in America we are using corn for our pets to...
Concerned that the stand would be top heavy? Would like to store Lego sets below the tank. Would it be too flimsy for that with a 20 gallon tank?
Would two 10 gallon aquariums fit on this? One on the top shelf and one on the 2nd?
i have 2 five gallon tanks which i would like to keep side by side ,is it possible ?the measurements are 8 L x 16 W x 10 H each tank .. thanks !!!
will this hold two 20 gallon high tanks?
Will this stand hold a 20 gallon long tank
What is the distance or height between the shelves on the stand
What are the dimensions of the top shelf? I'd like to be sure my 20G aquarium will fit before purchasing.
Is this stand capable of holding a 10 gallon and a 20 gallon at same time ?
What's the length between the bars? Going across and the sides
I am planning to buy this for TopFin 37 gallon, please let me know this fits properly?
Would it be ok to put a 29 gallon on the top shelf?
Would I be able to have a 20 gallon tank on top and a 10 gallon in the middle?
What is the height distance between the shelves?
How big is it?
Would I be able to put a 5.5 gallon aquarium on the middle shelf? A tank with an estimated weight of 62lbs.
What the differance between Pet Convincer and Pet Corrector?
How loud is this thing? If you used it in an apartment with neighbors on all sides would the noise be almost as bad as the barking?
Will any threaded 16 oz CO2 cartridge work or do you have to use convincer? There are cheaper 16 oz regular C02 available.
Do the C02 cartridges last longer than Corrector? I'm looking at cost wise whichn is better.
Isnt' that the same as the tire inflater? Looks like the exact same one for less than half the price?
Can you buy the regular 12 oz or 16 oz C02 cartridges?
Can you give me an idea of how long a cartridge lasts?
Does it make noise or blow air?
how far of a range does the sound travel (50 ft.) to stop barking dogs?
What is the difference between the Pet Convincer and Pet Convincer II ?
Does it get the head out always
How well does it work on the teeny tiny deer ticks (size of the head of a pin) like we have in Northeast?
How do you order a specific color? There is no option
can you order a specific color?
how many tick keys do you get
Is this good for a storm door?
what is the cut out size?
Is there a way to lock this door?
Is the frame white or cream colored?
what is the outer dimension of the frame?
Do you have the replacement flaps available for this door? Thanks
does the base or legs come with it?? if not much etc?
I did not see anywhere in the description or in other people's review on how many gallons of water this tank holds ?
where do you plug it in? it says extension cord so can you have the aquarium in the middle of your room without seeing the power run to it?
Would it be easy to get to the light bulb and switch it out with a black light?
Is there easy access for feeding fish?
Dimensions, please?
is this one cage but with a removable divider? is there a place to hang an outside nestbox?
Does the side opening for attaching a breeding box match up with the plastic Vision breeding box? I am a first-time breeder, just learning.
I bought a Vision plastic breeding box, 9"x6"x7" height--will this "go" with it okay? I am new to breeding budgies, and want to be sure it goes well.
can you use the divider and still have room for cockatiels wanted to put one on each side they need separation but still like to be together
The description says 2 food/water cups and 1 plastic perch. Photo shows 2 perches and four slots for feeder cups. If some one can please clarify.
Dimensions: What are the dimensions of this cage?
I have 3 Labs. Will this still work when they jump in the lake? Thanks!
Does the product package have an expiration date or a best use by date and if so, how do we know we are not getting a collar that is nearing this?
Do these have an expiration date?
I'm confused - virbac's site shows 2 different sizes -18" for dogs below 60# and 25" for dogs over 60 pounds. Is this old product?
does it kill existing ticks
Is this collar good for small dogs (6-7 pounds)?
Can I use Frontline Plus and Preventic Tick Collar at the same time?
Any suggestions as to why no birds have used this? It's hanging with my feeders which still have lots of traffic.
is the base of this waterer the same size than the lanter style..?
What si the size of the pools? I have mostly pigeons in my yard? Would they fit in the pools?
how do you fill it without dumping all tht water when you turn it upright?
What size are the pools? Mostly pigeons come to my yard. Would they fit in the pools?
From NC...How does this product do during the winter? Do you take it down or leave it up? I don't want it to freeze and burst.
Would I be able to put this directly on my deck floor?
HOW DOES IT ATTACH TO A POST?
How heavy is it when filled with water? I am concerned it will be too heavy for me to lift.
Will it sit flat on the ground without a post or hanging? How stable is it? I am thinking of using one for my rabbits, they prefer bowls to bottles.
Do I need a prescription?
How large are the pills?
What's the expire day? I need 15 x 30count, just want to know the expire date, thanks
I have a Feliway diffuser that is a couple of years old and the refill looks to be a slightly different shape. Will these refills fit an old diffuser
How effective is this product for introducing new cats to each other? I have a cat that is 13 years old and just adopted a cat that is 1 year.
does it work in austraian power sockets
Can these refills be used in the Comfort Zone diffuser?
Can I use Feliway just when needed, in my case when I have house guests 3-4 times a year? Does it dry out if not used within a certain time period?
what are the ingredients
Feliway refills are much more expensive than Comfort Zone. Is there a difference?
does it help older cats?
The diffuser heats up, but the wick is NEVER wet, and I don't see liquid decreasing. I switched refills with no result. Any input as to why?
What is the difference between this refill and the ones marked as "comfort zone with feliway" and just plain "comfort zone"?
Mine came with no instructions to change canister. Tried doing it and now it no longer works. It was great while it worked. Now Im stuck w/refills. An
Is this a complete kit with the motion sensors etc? The ad simply states canister which needs batteries...
Does this have an on/off switch, or is it always on once you put the batteries in it?
Can the SSS CAT Training Aid be used outdoors? Need a Solution to keep one of my cats from jumping over the gate on my deck.
How do you get this together? We have tried and tried to get the lid on the can and just can't figure it out! Help!
will it keep my cat away from the door?
How many sprays are there per can?
Is this a permanent fix? Meaning after X sprays do cats quit going certain places or does the Ssscat always have to be there as an active deterrent?
so if i understand correctly, if i want to keep this on kitchen counter, i need to remove it when I am in my small kitchen area (which is often)
Can you use cheaper Office Product canned air?
How do you know what size to order?
How do you determine what size to get? How do you measure for it????
Has anyone tried to put these on a cat? How do they fit?
Has anyone bought these for a Corgi? I'm curious what size they bought. I'm guessing a M for my 30 pound male but I worry about the lens size.
would they fit a large dog?
Is the height of 17" from wheels to handle?
Is there a tie down or something to attach my dog to so she wouldn't try to jump out?
I have an older 16 llbs Westie. Do I need the larger size or smaller? Are the wheels good enough to walk on softer ground?
What is the wheel diameter? I would like to use the stroller on a bumpy street.
can you use it in the car to transport them to the vet?
Is it stable enough to run?
Is there a clasp to hook onto a collar on the inside?
Is the carrier part usable off the stroller as well?
Neighbor's dog dashes to its upper deck, barks at every passing person, 20-30 x each day. Help!
Does it work on Jack Russell's?
will it keep little dogs like my Yorkie from nipping on people coming in my door? Thanks Odetta Howrey
What is the difference between the Pet Safe PBC-1000 model and this "Premium" model?
will this work for Andis bgrc clippers
Does this have the 5 speed changer on the part that attaches into the clipper or is it just the one speed?
Does this adapter work with 220V-50Hz ?
Will it work on a Andis AGR (Not Plus model?)
Is it a swivel cord or fixed in place?
How long is this cord actually? The description says its 12 feet, the dimensions below say 9-2/7 feet and I saw it on another site saying 14 feet
leak
Where can I find a replacement O ring? I have had one of these for a few years and the rubber o-ring has hardened and now it leaks.
Is this manufactured by Drinkwell? I was told to look for the following designation on it: RACBPLUS-RE
What number plastic are the reservoirs?
I have the "Original" from way back and still have the reservior. Do I need to purchase a new one to fit this version or can I use my original?
Does this work with the original fountain? My 50 oz reservoir is leaking after 12 years of service
I have 4 cats, is the 70 ounce going to hold enough water for them without refilling every few days?
Does thus 70oz fit the BigDog version?
if i purchased this fountain does it include everything so i can use it right away or do i have to buy supplies seperately example filter
does this fit the original drinkwell
I need to know if anyone has used this to help dogs get into house doors instead of them using steps.
Reviews from 2008/09 said there were very sharp edges from which some dogs suffered severe cuts. Has that problem been resolved?
how wide is it and how wide is the foot path? Thanks
What is on the ramp to keep the dog from slipping?
I don't have a truck or an SUV and am wondering if this ramp will be stable for my 70 lb lab/dobie to get into the back seat of my Toyota Avalon. The seat is about 24 inches from the ground. I hate to spend that much money if the ramp won't work for a...
What stops this from slipping off the back of an SUV.....I know its rests on the vehicle but I would be afraid with heavy dogs it might slip off
does this product fit a 2013 GMC Yukon Denali
what are the dimentions of the ramp, in particular the heigth, because I want to stow it under a dog cage.
Will this ramp work for access to the back seat of a Ford F150?
is this ramp good to leave outdoor or will it rust?
It doesn't mention dogs. I don't see why it would be different, but does anyone know if it definitely works for dogs?
Does anyone know WHY the product cannot be used on walls? Is it because of discoloring or does tannic acid react with chemicals in paint?
Which product do we use for white sofas and beddings etc. since this one is not recommended for those surfaces?
Can it be used before the cat has come in contact with the furniture?
Can it be use in vehicles? Like on carpet.
The product description says re-treat surfaces every 90 days but the bottle says every 60 days. Which is it?
does this spray have tannic acid
Can this be used to neutralize dander on hardwood floors and walls? Or is it *only* for soft furnishings/carpets??
can this be installed in a window/glass or only a thick door?
Is the magnet feature only for one direction? In other words no magnet is needed to pass through one way.
Why are there 2 totally different products called "PetSafe Staywell magnetic 4 way locking cat flap", a 2 flap version and a 1 flap version?
If my cat loses the key can I buy just the magnetic key without the collar? I can only find collar/key combinations for &gt; $10.
is this @ 8.75" x 8.75"
Does this product include the collar??
If my cat loses the key can I buy just the magnetic key without the collar? I can only find collar/key combinations for &gt; $10.
where is this product manufactured? what is the analysis per capsule?
Was this product made in china?
How many milligrams of DHA &amp; EPA in each capsule? My vet says this is very important to know, and the information is not on the label.
When was this product manufactured?
Is this effective for cats with dust mite allergies, especially to lessen scratching?
Read some bad reviews on this not working AT ALL, and the cat getting sick while licking it off. Is it, or is not safe for the cat?
what are the ingredients? (preferably a picture of back of the bottle)?
Do you think it would work in a spray bottle? Our cats hate to be touched, but I could maybe hold them by the scruff of the neck and spray it on.
How much do you need to clean one cat once? How long would one bottle last I guess is another way of asking the same question.
how do you bath the cat with soap or just water?
Do you ship overseas?
"Pay close attention to areas they lick such as genitals" Does this line in the instructions mean we should make sure to GET those areas, or not use too much of the product in those areas because they'll lick it?
Where is it made?
Trying to understand why this costs over $7 via Prime, and complete mouse+wand costs $5 via Prime. Is the replacement better quality than original?
My cat is very sound oriented; does this mouse make any noise? Does it rattle or crinkle?
It should be easy to replace, but I couldn't find where to unclip the mouse. Can anyone help?
Are they still selling these with the metal pin that comes loose?
Why haven't they fixed the safety issues with this toy? Check my reviews for my horrible experience and others.
I'm confused why this is listed as a "Prime" item, but once selected it shows me there is a shipping charge unless the order is over $35?
Is this refill the Go Cat mouse with the metal loop at its nose or is it a thread loop?
Can you select LARGE mice in my order? Thanks
Hello, I have purchased Go-Cat refill mice from you several times before. My cat really likes LARGE mice. Could you select the larger mice for me for future orders? My cat &amp; I would really appreciate it!
What quantity of refills come with this item?
Does the picture in Amazon match what you got? The description says it has a hook and the picture shows a bar.
Has anybody used this playgym for their Eclectus? My Eclectus needs something easy to grip with his feet.I bought him a manzanita tree and it is too slippery for him even though it was sanded.
Can somebody tells me if this playstand is good enough for a scarlet Macaw, please!!
Is this too big for cockatiels?
Can an amazon parrot climb off the playstand to the floor
Can you replace the wooden parts? I feel that my Green Cheek would destroy the wooden perches within a month.
Is this stand big enough for a macaw?
Is it powder coated?
How high is the wood perch from the floor?
What are the exterior dimensions measuring from wheel to wheel (length and width) ?
would this work with a 3 year old that doesn't like to be alone in her crate?
What kind of batteries does the golden take?
Any idea whether I can take this on a plane? I decided that a ticking clock would probably be a bad idea, but I was hoping that this would be okay.
I received the Snuggle Puppie wrapped in plastic and not in original packaging. Can you provide the same in original packaging?
We are adopting a 5 month old puppy next week. Would you recommend this for a shiba that age that is about 12-15 lbs?
what color is this - I want white.
Any problems with chewing? I imagine a puppy would shred this.
I am adopting two Pomeranian and wonder if I should purchase two Snuggle puppies?
Would this work for a deaf puppy? Does it vibrate or would he feel the heartbeat?
What are the two different types of heating?
My rescued cat lives in our garage (refused to stay in the house) and sleeps on the sofa. Will this be safe to leave on the sofa where she sleeps to keep warm this winter?
How long is the electrical cord?
Can the cover be machine washed?
Is there a top and bottom side? In other words does it matter if the dark side or the light brown side faces up towards the cat?
Is there such a thing as battery operated heat beds for cats? My ferals would love it!!! Unfortunately, there is no electricity in my garage.
does this have any warranty, I bought a similar one in May and it has stopped working, the one before did the same thing.
my cat lives on my deck l have a house for him outside is this safe to use outside?
How big is this? My cats are a bit on the wider side haha
I bought the K &amp; H outdoor mat with cover and it is a hard mat. Is this Mat soft, I would like to put it on his perch which is curved and indoors?
Is this manufactured in China? If not, where? Does anyone still have the box? It should be on there.
My rescued cat lives in our garage (refused to stay in the house) and sleeps on the sofa. Will this be safe to leave on the sofa where she sleeps to keep warm this winter?
How long is the electrical cord?
Can the cover be machine washed?
Is there a top and bottom side? In other words does it matter if the dark side or the light brown side faces up towards the cat?
Is there such a thing as battery operated heat beds for cats? My ferals would love it!!! Unfortunately, there is no electricity in my garage.
does this have any warranty, I bought a similar one in May and it has stopped working, the one before did the same thing.
my cat lives on my deck l have a house for him outside is this safe to use outside?
How big is this? My cats are a bit on the wider side haha
I bought the K &amp; H outdoor mat with cover and it is a hard mat. Is this Mat soft, I would like to put it on his perch which is curved and indoors?
Is this manufactured in China? If not, where? Does anyone still have the box? It should be on there.
Do the bed have to lie flat or can it be placed in or over something? How long is the electric cord for the heater? Thanks in advance for your answers
The ad says it's 14" X 28". What is the actual size of the heated area?
Can it be left on for days at a time?
is it for outdoor use
I have a tube home for my cats, and it has a 1 foot by 1 foot door opening. Is this pet bed flexible enough for me to bend it to get it inside?
Is the cord wrapped or chew proof
how thick is it? Thanks.
So it doesn't have an automatic shut off? My chihuahua just had puppies, so I'm looking for something to keep them warm all day and night.
can this be used for outdoors
Does it shut off automatically after a certain amount of time?
Would this work for my 60 pound dog? I would put it between her bed and her blanket on top of the bed and I'm hoping it would keep her warm.
My dog weighs 9 lbs. Is it large enough for her?
How many watts does it draw?
battery or plug?
How often do you have to change out pad? Is it easy to get on and off to change? Thanks!
If your cat defecates in these diapers does it get all over the cat requiring a bath afterwards?
Do you think this product would stay on a cat without a tail?
Do these pants work to catch a male cat's spray? I have a neutered male cat who still sprays. I tried cat diapers but he wiggles out of them.
My senior 18 year old cat is thin and measures 15" length. Would a small or large size fit him best?
My 20 year old cat is super skinny - and only has a bob tail. Will the diapers stay on?
Can the cat use the litter box at all while wearing them or do they pooh in the diaper?
my cat is 18 yrs old and very very skinny, can't control bladder anymore, how can i get the right size for him pls?
Can I fit 2 10lb chihuahuas in the medium sized one?
Can you travel on the airlines with these? Will they fit underneath the seat on an airplane?
I have a cat that claws at everything when traveling, is this netting sturdy and somewhat "claw proof"?
Does anyone use one pod for two cats or two small dogs? How does that work for you?
How does traveling work with the top open? Do you need a harness to keep your pet in?
The opening on the top of my tank is 5.5" and 2" into the tank. I am trying to figure out if this will fit with the lid on the tank.
Does this come with a media?
Can l put the filter inside the tank since it is for a pet turtle?
Does this works org alto water fish
Why is the pump BUZZING so loud ? Can anyone help me ? Just installed it 20 min. ago !
Can you adjust the water flow. It is very noisey?
Do i have to put that blue thing in that goes after you put the filter in? Is seems like when I put that blue thing in the flow bubbles and don't flow
can i use it in my 36 gallon fish tank
How far into the tank does the 30 gallon go the slit for for my filter is only 1.5 inches
How much heat do these generate? I'm considering running 2 on a 45 G corner stand; 1 on each back side. Good idea bad idea?
Is this filter good for a 20 gal fish tank? Thanks
Is this filter good for a 10 gal tank and are the dimensions as stated? My opening is only 6.7 " wide. Thanks
For my turtle ill only have my tank like half way or a little bit more filled, will it reach? (20 gal tank 24x12x16 H)
I am working in building a 10G nano reef - will this filter work in a saltwater tank ?
Has anyone had a constant clicking noise with theirs?
How loud is this filter? I'm looking to replace a Top Fin 20 Gallon filter pump that is noisier than my refrigerator and other appliances.
i recieved item but i don't see how you can hang it on the inside of a tank. It did not come with anything to hang in with. Is that item separate?
I want to get this for our turtle's 20 gal tank. I see it also hangs on the inside. Does the piece that it hangs on come with this item ?
Hey, just got this Quiet 20 in a Aquarium kit 25 Gallon High. Is this thing any good?! It feels cheap and flimsy. Decent performance? Vs. Fluval C2/3
The picture shows using the filter inside the aquarium (I have frogs). How do you mount the filter in the aquarium like the picture on this page show
Do I need a bubble disk for oxygen or extra aeration, or will this filter suffice?
Can anyone tell me how tall this filter is from the very top edge of the tank to the top of the filter, I have very little clearance and need to know this info ?
Does this Aqueon 06080 QuietFlow 10 Power Filter, 100GPH come with a cartridge?
I have a small 5 gallon tank. Can this filter fit on that size tank?
Will this work for salt watter
Can this power filter be used in a five gallon Aqueon tank?
Is this filter to much for 1 - 1.5 gallon tank?? Would it fit either the 1.1 half moon Tetra tank or theTetra 29050 LED Betta Tank?
i have a ten gallon tank that i have turtles in and i am only going to fill it about 3/4 full. will the filter reach the water?
Is this a quiet filter?
I installed this and it is creating a wake of tiny bubbles that look like lint. Has anyone else had this issue, have you been able to correct it?
Coming from China is this product irradiated? My hounds love this product but I'm hesitant to give them treats made out of the USA.
were are they made
are these made in China, and are preservatives added?
Is it made in China?
usa
are they from china?
Have the duck fillets treats been recalled?
Where are they made from??? USA?? Or China???
are these chewables? soft? easy fro dogs to take, tasty?
Can someone list the nutritional info please? For example: amounts of b vitamins, omega 3 and 6, does it provide calcium or phosphorus? Thank you
Is there a diffierence between "Missing Link Ultimate Hip, Joint &amp; Coat" and Missing Link Ultimate Hip &amp; Joint?
What is the expiration on the Mising Link?
Do you use the ultimate skin and coat AND hip and joint or will the hip and joint formula cover both?
Does this product have chicken, eggs or corn in it? I can't find the ingredients list.
What's the difference between the "Original" and "small breed" formulas? Are the formulas REALLY different between the two?
how long will a 1lb package last a medium to large dog? with 2 meals a day
About how long does a 1lb package last a medium sized dog?
Can puppies (4 months plus) use this?
would hip and joint be appropriate for 1 yr old st bernard to ensure strong joints in his mature years?
What was the expiration date on the Missing Link you bought through Amazon?
About how long does it take to begin seeing results? My 80# dog (he's 6 yrs old) has been on it for about 9 days now. I expect it takes a month?
Dose it have to be refrigerated?
Do you have to refrigerate it? 5 lbs will take up some room in the frig ...
How long a 5ib bag will last assuming the recommended dosage of 4 tea-spoons every day ? I have a big dog (34Kg - labrador)
Is there a flat bottom on the sphere or does it have a stand? Just trying to decide between pod and sphere
If the temperature is between the listed norms for an ecosphere, how many hours per day should the light be on?
How is this shipped and packed? Is it insulated? Will the shrimp die this time of year due to the cold if shipping time is a few days?
How well does the ecosphere tolerate being shipped? I mean, will all the banging and throwing around during shipping hurt the shrimp?
how do you feed the shrimp?
If I received sphere with a dead shrimp, what should I do?
My ecosphere's water level has decreased since the original. I followed the directions of the manual, but it is still decreasing. Any idea on why?
I have an ecosphere I bought two years ago from the smithsonian. All of my shrimp died in two months. Where do I get it recharged? What is the cost? Mine is the tear drop shaped in small. I was so disappointed when this happened as they said they would...
Ok when they all die after however long, what or how do we recycle the sphere? You don't just throw it way right? I recycle all I can.
How many shrimps in sphere?
This is the collar and receiver right?
Does this come with a charger and a lanyard?
How long is the collar? I.e.,how thick of a neck can the dog have?
does this come with the dvd
How do you change the battery on this?
Does this come with longer contacts for dogs with thick fur (like my Norwegian elkhound)?
Will this work on a 4.6 lb maltipoo?
size
How thick is the plastic? I am thinking of using this to replace our dog door flap, but I don't want it blowing in the breeze.
what are the dimensions?
What is the cd for?
It needs a sizing chart so you know what bird fits what?
would the 75-110 grams harness fit a lovebird?
Is this for budgies?
will this fit a canary?
Would an xtra small fit a parakeet?
how many boots for this one purchase
Is there a description for the different sizes? We have a Bernese a Mountain Dog.
Will the XL fit a Great Dane?
can the dog chew them off ,or rip easy
what size would you get for a 95 lb german shepherd?
What size do I need for a 65 lb Border Collie?
My dog skids when he stops. Will this ruin the bottom of the boots? He is just cutting up his paws so I want something to stop that.
is this water bottle bpa free?
for pug?
Does this allow you to tip the bottle so unused water goes back into the bottle? For instance if you're in a place where you can't dump the water out?
Are all the colors 20oz?
Can all dogs used this - even Pugs? Just wondering if my dogs face will fit in to this enough to drink from it?
Does this item contain BPA?
If the dog does not drink all the water in the trough, can you tile the bottle to pour it back in?
Does this fit in a standard water bottle holder on a bicycle?
Does this item have the hard vinyl swinging cat door...it is what is shown in the picture but the video shows a soft vinyl flap.
How do you know the size of the item to buy? My window measures 33" on the inside, so would I need the 33"-38" or the next smaller size?
is there a way to make sure the window stays locked with this in place?
Would I be able to remove the cat flap and replace it with a Cat Mate Elite Selective cat flap?
How TALL does the window opening need to be? My window opening is about 12" tall.
Is there one cat door / window that is better at keeping the cold air outside? I get a lot of cold air from around the flap.
I am concerned about my cat being afraid of a hard cover. If jumping from a distance, is it hard on their heads?
does the 23" size refer to interior edge of the window, or the frame? The interior of my window is 21", but the frame is larger.
Does this item include a magnetic weather seal? The picture looks like it has one, but one of the reviews mentions that its not weather tight.
Does this bowl work for canned food?
Hi there, I have a cat who gobbles food pretty badly and often throws it up from eating too fast. Is this bowl appropriate for a kitty's snout?
Is this product made in the US?
Where is this item made? China?
Has anyone seen noticeable results (easier movement, walking) in their cat?
How many treats in a bag? I noticed they are about half strength compared to other brands (50mg vs. 100mg)
How soft are these? All of the other brands of glucosamine treats I have tried are those fish-shaped ones that are hard for my old kitty to chew.
How many treats is there per bag?
I have a pineapple conure, just wanting to see if you think a conure would fit well on this play stand
why does it take 3 to 5 weeks to ship?
What is the bottom like - is there a tray to pull out for cleaning, and is there a grate? Thanks!
Could you give height width and length of stand - not tray vatcher but stand itself. I have a sulfer crested cockatoo and need to know if big enough
What are dimensions without seed guard?
What are the dimensions of the small size?
is it able to be a home for a rat
Is this cage pretty easy to clean ? Not too many surfaces/ levels ?
Is this cage easy to clean? There is only one level, correct?
Will this work for a guinea pig?
Is the wheel on this noisy?
can you add ane atachments to it
Will it work with syrian/teddy bear hasmters?
is the wheel silent? and is it a good size for a winter white dwarf hamster
my hamster gets thru his bars. will this one work?
can this be used for a fancy rat?
what is the exact dimensions of this lid? I need to fit 16 7/8" x 34 7/8" of glass within the recess for 40 breeder
I have a 70 gallon 36x18x25 - - is this a 1 pc. glass top? if so, the pic shows otherwise?
Does the black hinge on the top interfere with using a current plus led light for a planted tank
Does the 16 3/4 inch width include the plastic strip or is that all glass? My tank recess is exactly 16 7/8 rim to rim.
looking for a hinged one piece to fit my 36x18 with no center support - is this IT??
Will this fit 50 gallon Sea Clear tank?
is this a recessed canopy hood
I have a 40 breeder that 38" x 18" with no center brace, Is this a one peice unit or is it two seperate glass tops?
Is there a magnetic catch on the frame and flaps to keep the flaps in place rather than askew?
What is the inside dimension of the large size "Pet Safe Extreme Weather Door". Thanks!! (really don't understand why this info is not included?)
I am concerned about energy efficiency. Does the flap seal reasonably well, or can air get through easily?
Does anyone have this in a "Large" with a German Shepherd? Or should I bump up to an XL?
INSIDE Dimension PLEASE! Pound size does not help me. Can anyone tell me the inside dimension on the medium size door that my dog would actually walk through? THANK YOU The large size dimension might help too! Thank you all
can this door be installed ON a wall?
Is the middle door flexible enough to allow a dog to retreat back inside if he has only stuck his head out and decides against going outside?
Are the dimension for flap or the overall frame?
What are the inside dimentsions (of the door flap) for both small and medium sizes?
Can this door be installed in a french door?
How do you clean this cage out????
What are the bar spacing measurements? I want to get this for my syrian/teddy bear hamster but I'm afraid he might squeeze through the bars.
Is this OK for a Golden Hamster?
Is this big enough for a single 6 to 8 week old ferret?
Can you take the wheel off the cage?
is the bar spacing small enough for teddy bear hamster?
How would this cage be for a hedgehog???
what are the diensions of this cage H W L also what are the inside shelf sizes/
Do you think this cage is big enough for a ferrett? Im wanting a bigger cage the the one story i have now. She is about a year old.
I wanted to buy this for Chinchilla but read many reviews that it is not good for them. What are your opinions? Seems like this is better for Rats?
What are the exact measurements?
What material is this made of?
what size is this crate?
Are the dimensions 35 x 21.75 or 37 x 25 x 3 ? Are the dimensions listed incorrectly on here?
Will this feeder handle Hills Prescription Diet Metabolic kibble/dry food for felines?
Is this a sturdy product? i'm worried that my dog will knock it over and that will be the end of it
I want to use two of these for two dogs and need to know if the clock is accurate in keeping time so that they will dispense food at the same time?
It dispenses TOO MUCH! Box says it can do 1/4 to 3 cups, but there is no option to do 1/4? Did I miss something when I set it up?
will this feeder be okay if it is outside and may get rained on?
Is there a magnetic catch on the frame and flaps to keep the flaps in place rather than askew?
What is the inside dimension of the large size "Pet Safe Extreme Weather Door". Thanks!! (really don't understand why this info is not included?)
I am concerned about energy efficiency. Does the flap seal reasonably well, or can air get through easily?
Does anyone have this in a "Large" with a German Shepherd? Or should I bump up to an XL?
INSIDE Dimension PLEASE! Pound size does not help me. Can anyone tell me the inside dimension on the medium size door that my dog would actually walk through? THANK YOU The large size dimension might help too! Thank you all
can this door be installed ON a wall?
Is the middle door flexible enough to allow a dog to retreat back inside if he has only stuck his head out and decides against going outside?
Are the dimension for flap or the overall frame?
What are the inside dimentsions (of the door flap) for both small and medium sizes?
Can this door be installed in a french door?
have had beds with fluffy interior. removable. shrunk after washing even in cold water. anyone experience this with fleece cover?
I have an english mastiff....will it hold a 175 lb dog?
Is this made of cotton because my dog is hypoallergenic
We have an 110 pound Mastiff....will this bed be large enough?
can i know the weight of it i need to do my calculation for the shipment outside US
Is it washable, I don't like a lot of hair want something that can be washed?
I have two Bassett hounds weighing in at 64 and 67 labs, They like to sleep together. Question: will the extra large size fit them? Thanks!
what was the size of box did this come in? was it rolled up or folded up in the box? reason for asking shipping to overseas address
What size bed do you recommend for a 21 pound miniature poodle who is 3 years old?
Where is the foam manufactured?
What sizes do the electromagnetic doors come in
at night can I let the dog go in and out but not the cats???
In the active position, Can my cat come in AND go back out? Or JUST in? The video isn't clear. Will the magnet work both coming in and going out? I want my cats to come and go as they please without other cats following them!
Can I buy extra collars for my other cat and dog?
what are the actual flap measurement and exterior measurement. it gives the dimensions but not actual flap size
Could this cat door be put in a wall? could this cat door be put in a wall?
The 7 by 11.25 ID Door or OD Frame
Are you able to install this type of door to a solid wood gargarage door? I noticed that in the video it was a hollow door.
Are you able to install this in the solid part of a screen door or is bottom panel too thin?
what is meant that it is a telescoping frame?
what is on the bottom of the flap to hold it close
will this door fit in a 14.5 in aluminum wall? This is the height.
can you install it in a metal door?
Can it be used on a screen?
Can i install this on a wall instead of a door?
Will I be able to install this on a aluminum garage door?
What kind of batteries do you need?
Will the collar piece alone work with my inground invisible fence? That is, can it REPLACE the collar that we used with the fence?
My new PIRF100 is transmitting through the floor to the rooms below. How can I block downward signal?
Does this work well on large breed dogs?
I bought nmy dog a shock collar with remote. Can I sync this with it?
WHAT IS THE RANGE?
Is this system compatible with the invisible fence system that I have installed outside.
We have an invisible fence(invisible fence brand), can we use the same collar for this indoor radio fence. Is this compatible?
Is this compatible with the radio repel collar and disc?
Large or extra large for a Labrador retriever?
I'm about to start my 9 mo. old lab in dock diving classes - suggestions on whether to get a size large or Xlarge for her?
Does it squeak? My dog was interested in another dog's toy at the beach that squeaked. Thanks!
my dog loves the regular wubba, but seems to like the blue much more than the purple, i wonder if he would like this one being as picky as he is?
Hi, I wish to order a further 4 kong large toys for my dog and I would like them all to be yellow in colour (highly visible for my older boy).
How big is the extra large? I have a 65 lb lab and am not sure if I should get the large or extra large.
Is it made in China or made in USA?
I have this filter and is it supposed to have minimal outflow? Mine just trickles out
How many watts does the provided max flo 1500 use?
Does it comes with hose?
Also, is this unit brand new or refurbished?
I have 1000 gallon pond. Would you say this unit is sufficient or overkill? Also, this includes pump, uv bulb, and filter for this price?
Can this be used without a flap on an interior door?
what is the width of the hole that needs to be cut? i have a security screen so it need to closely match the bar spacing.
Can this model be used on a window Screen? I dont have anything but Metal exterior doors and I am looking for a pet door that can be put on a screen
Is the whole frame really 15" tall as suggested by Amazon measurements?
My cat is 25 pounds. Is the flap 7.5x10.5 or is the whole thing that size?
Can this door be installed in an interior wall instead of a door?
is there a wall extension for this? my handyman istall this on a wall, and it looks very ugly without wall extension
My cat does not like the hard plastic door..Is there a soft flap replacement for this door. Or do I have to replace the whole thing???
Can you take the whole wheel mechanism out of the hideaway?
Will it work with the crittertrail system?
I don't see the main housing unit sold separate? Do I need to purchase the whole Suite or is there a substitute main unit that will work? Thanks.
Is this the right item for a Golden Hamster? It seems as though the tubes are more for a dwarf hamster.
Has anyone had trouble with their hamster not using the water bottle? He just passes straight through the tube without stopping to drink...
Are the tubes big enough for a female long-haired syrian hamster? My hamster is big girl.
If I purchase two, because I would like to connect them, will I need one additional tube or two and is it the OVO tube that I will need?
Can I connect Crittertrail tubes to this?
What are the dimensions of the main module?
is this for a dwarf hamster or a full size hamster ?
Will this work with a cat?
Will this product work on howling dogs?
Does it work with chickens?
Will this bother cats? I'm wondering if this will bother cats?
Installed 4 days ago-8 ft. high-because of wall. Faces dog. Red flash when he barks. Still barks. Can it take 2 wks? Floppy ears. Not hearing it?
what if there is a block wall between me and my neighbor, will it still work?
Can this product be used indoors for insane barking dogs?
This seemed to work the first day, but it is not working today. He's barking nonstop! The green light is still flashing. Any advice?
My dog will whine and howl non stop if he knows he can't bark. Will this work to prevent that?
the 50 ft range is that radius or straight line?
does this fit all blade types and not just andis?
What Andis model clipper blades are in the case?
what are the dimensions of this item
Does the case work for Oyset 76 detachable blades too?
Does it clean it self?
How is the CatGenie dome for larger cats? Can they get in and out easily? Or rather does it solve the pellets all over my house issue?
how do i contact catgenie maker mine has quit working after 11 months
What products do I need to purchase for the large self-cleaning cat Genie?
is it dog proof?
My cats LOVE this thing but the string keeps winding up on itself and we have to stop so I can straighten it out again. Any suggestions?
I had this toy years ago, but it was the one piece 36" rod. Does this rod "pull apart" to 36"?
Are there two feather attachments total, or three?
Where do the feathers come from? Are they ethically collected?
My cat is just over 13 lbs do I need the large or medium size? Were these too big for anyone's cat?
Is it okay to reuse these? When one falls off, trim the nail and reapply the same one?
If my cat absolutely hates having them on, is there a way to take them off once they are applied? Or do you have to wait the 4-6 weeks?
Does it swing both ways with the hinge?
Could the door hinge the other way, I'm thinking of trying it for a window to let cat to outdoor porch. Would this work? Vertical window
How snug does this lid fit for a 20 long tank? I plan to use it for mice and would prefer something that doesn't need clips.
The outside dimensions of my tank are 12 1/2 by 30 and 1/4. will this fit
Is there an opening for cords to run through on the sides?
Will this fit the All Living Things brand reptile terrariums from Petsmart? I need a replacement.
Is the screen metal? Could the heat lamp covers sit on it?
What are the dimensions of the door?
Does the screen rust? I have hermit crabs and will lay saran wrap across the top (except door). rust problems in the past with other product screens
Does this fit onto a Zilla 20L (30" x 12" x 12") ? Will I need clips to hold it in place?
Can't figure out where the fur disappears to! Any ideas on what's happening????
is this vacuum safe for hardwood floors?
Bissell 3920 vs. Bissell 4104: Does anyone know the difference between the Bissell 3920 and the Bissell 4104?
HELP ME!! Dog Hair is all over: CAN ANYONE recommend a vacuum for bare floors, pet hair, and not a dyson- the reviews were not that great and I WILL NEVER spend that much on a vacuum.
DOG HAIR: What is the best upright vacuum to get up dog hair on hardwood floors and some carpet?
a complete list of ingredients, need a great dog food that also promotes joint health with ingredients like MSM, glucosamine and chondroitin.
Is the Adult dog food, small enough (the kibbles) for small breed doggies?
Does anyone know if the kibble size is the same as the c&amp;p organix adult?
my dogs have a bad reaction to any food unless it is grain free-can anyone tell me if this is truly GRAIN FREE?
Trying to figure out how many CUPS of food are ina 30 pound bag to schedule delivery. Im feeding the Ultramix Large Breed. Anyone know the answer?
Is this food organic?
Are all ingredients from the USA? That is, do you outsource ANY of the ingredients to another country? And if so, which ?
Is this food okay for senior dogs?
Can somebody tell me the protein percentage?
Is there an expiry date for this product? The bag I bought does not have a "best by" date.
Is your product made in the USA...VET wants us to feed SENIOR dog food,do you have, little or no salt. found your product 8+'s out of ten.
My little dog can't eat a whole can at one feeding, I save covered in frig but this left over has a bad smell later, she won't eat it. How can I keep
is this ground dog food
How long can this last without refrigerator? I want to leave 2 servings at different places during my travels so my puppy wont go hungry for 8 hours
how many cans do you receive for this price?
Does this have a pop off lid or do you use a can opener? The pop off leaves very sharp edges.
how to unsubscribe
Degenerative Myelopathy: Has anyone else heard of this canine disease?
Please list ingredients on dog food. Dogs have allergies, too!
how come 2 different prices 27.99 and 22,79 for the same beef and liver newmans own==== nothing to do with auto ship???
is there a size bag larger than the 12.5#?
What is the COUNTRY of ORIGIN of this Product. The packagind specifies only that it is DISTRIBUTED by Newman's own ,,,
Is this good for smaller dogs as well? I have a 15lb maltipoo mix.
Is this food good for Cavaliers?
Can I trust all the ingredients in this bag?
What size dog do you recommend this for? Are the kibble pieces small or large?
Why did the cost of this product just jump $9 a bag???
what is difference between the adult and the advanced adult?
Fat content ?
Is the kibble small enough for a small dog?
Is your product made in the USA...VET wants us to feed SENIOR dog food,do you have, little or no salt. found your product 8+'s out of ten.
My little dog can't eat a whole can at one feeding, I save covered in frig but this left over has a bad smell later, she won't eat it. How can I keep
is this ground dog food
How long can this last without refrigerator? I want to leave 2 servings at different places during my travels so my puppy wont go hungry for 8 hours
how many cans do you receive for this price?
Does this have a pop off lid or do you use a can opener? The pop off leaves very sharp edges.
how to unsubscribe
Degenerative Myelopathy: Has anyone else heard of this canine disease?
Please list ingredients on dog food. Dogs have allergies, too!
how come 2 different prices 27.99 and 22,79 for the same beef and liver newmans own==== nothing to do with auto ship???
how much canned food for a cat at one year old
Is your product made in the USA...VET wants us to feed SENIOR dog food,do you have, little or no salt. found your product 8+'s out of ten.
My little dog can't eat a whole can at one feeding, I save covered in frig but this left over has a bad smell later, she won't eat it. How can I keep
is this ground dog food
How long can this last without refrigerator? I want to leave 2 servings at different places during my travels so my puppy wont go hungry for 8 hours
how many cans do you receive for this price?
Does this have a pop off lid or do you use a can opener? The pop off leaves very sharp edges.
how to unsubscribe
Degenerative Myelopathy: Has anyone else heard of this canine disease?
Please list ingredients on dog food. Dogs have allergies, too!
how come 2 different prices 27.99 and 22,79 for the same beef and liver newmans own==== nothing to do with auto ship???
Is your product made in the USA...VET wants us to feed SENIOR dog food,do you have, little or no salt. found your product 8+'s out of ten.
My little dog can't eat a whole can at one feeding, I save covered in frig but this left over has a bad smell later, she won't eat it. How can I keep
is this ground dog food
How long can this last without refrigerator? I want to leave 2 servings at different places during my travels so my puppy wont go hungry for 8 hours
how many cans do you receive for this price?
Does this have a pop off lid or do you use a can opener? The pop off leaves very sharp edges.
how to unsubscribe
Degenerative Myelopathy: Has anyone else heard of this canine disease?
Please list ingredients on dog food. Dogs have allergies, too!
how come 2 different prices 27.99 and 22,79 for the same beef and liver newmans own==== nothing to do with auto ship???
Why has the prices gone up so much?
Can someone kindly list the ingredients in the chicken OR turkey cans? Thanks!
Is this product a pate or chunky? If chunky do you carry any cans of Pate for cats?
Does 2008 mean expired on this? Newman's Own Organics Turkey Formula for Cats, 5.5-Ounce Cans (Pack of 24) by Newman's Own (Jan 28, 2008)
does this food contain carageenan ?
Do you need a can opener for these?
Is this really organic? It's not certified so I am worried.
where does the salmon come from?
What is the COMPLETE and ACCURATE list of ingredients?
Do the Newman's foods contain any GMO ingredients?
Why has the prices gone up so much?
Can someone kindly list the ingredients in the chicken OR turkey cans? Thanks!
Is this product a pate or chunky? If chunky do you carry any cans of Pate for cats?
Does 2008 mean expired on this? Newman's Own Organics Turkey Formula for Cats, 5.5-Ounce Cans (Pack of 24) by Newman's Own (Jan 28, 2008)
does this food contain carageenan ?
Do you need a can opener for these?
Is this really organic? It's not certified so I am worried.
where does the salmon come from?
What is the COMPLETE and ACCURATE list of ingredients?
Do the Newman's foods contain any GMO ingredients?
is there a size bag larger than the 12.5#?
What is the COUNTRY of ORIGIN of this Product. The packagind specifies only that it is DISTRIBUTED by Newman's own ,,,
Is this good for smaller dogs as well? I have a 15lb maltipoo mix.
Is this food good for Cavaliers?
Can I trust all the ingredients in this bag?
What size dog do you recommend this for? Are the kibble pieces small or large?
Why did the cost of this product just jump $9 a bag???
what is difference between the adult and the advanced adult?
Fat content ?
Is the kibble small enough for a small dog?
Would you please publish the label/dosage information? I would like to see specifics on active ingredient dosages before I purchase.
Where is this manufactored?
How do you give your dog the liquid? Can I add it to his dry food, or will he "drink" it by itself?
The directions specify to discard any remaining liquid from the small vessel. Is it okay to pour into a small glass jar to make easier to dispense?
is this product unflavored and odorless? My good old boy will not take anything that's flavored...I was just sold tablets,by my vet, that I've had to crush up in his food..he won't touch it?..$100.00 later and such a waste..I asked for something...
can anyone tell me if this product is still good if it got frozen during delievery
1600Mg per cc? or per oz?
How is one supposed to be able to tell how much liquid is dispensed into the marked dosage vessel on the side if you can't see through the bottle?????
How are the components listed as percentages but they add up to much more than 100%?
How long does the 24.98 container last for one dog?
It says Non-GMO. Isn't canola oil GMO?
How much of this product is organic? I don't think anyone knows?!
I'm inquiring about the expiration date on this item? My cat will only eat the batch that expires early October (1-14).
WHAT PERCENT ASH CONTENT DOES IT HAVE?
GMO-related ingredients?
where do you put the litter box?
Falls apart every time we move it to clean poop. Our rabbit goes at the bottom of the ramp and around it, not much room for that. Any ideas?
Will this hutch last outdoors throughout the whole year? We have snow and quite a bit of rain...
the top hinge is worn out how do i get another one home depot &amp; Lowes do not have them
WHat Does (m) mean on this
how do you get into the lower area to clean it? is there an opening or do you have to move the hutch?
Is the bottom open???
why is my rabbit eating it
what are the dimensions
What are the dimensions
Is it made in the usa
I have just received two of this item and it is missing the base pan and hanging handle. Is the base sold separately?
How wide is the opening at the top?
Would this dispenser work for other types of feed than just chickens? Specifically rabbit feed pellets.
would this work for baby chicks?
I have 40 bantams. Will this feeder work for the smaller chickens? I can obviously adjust the height, but need more info on the actual feeder tray.
Can this be usedas a waterer?
Will these work for the dwarf hamster habitat?
Does this include the clear plastic part that snaps into the cage? My cage is missing one, and I've had to jerry rig it to keep my hamster secure.
Do you use this to connect tubes and other Habitrail items?
Does it fit the Model #545 Pet Series?
will these filters fit Roomba 531?
This part is 81502. I have roomba 560, part listed 81501. Is this genuine? Will it fir for my 560?
Is it a genuine filter, or an after market one?
Will It Fit Pet Series #563?
Will this fit the iRobot Roomba 630?
We're adopting our first dog. He's a 10 pound dog. 26 pounds of food is a lot--how would I keep it fresh over time? Does it get stale?
What is the percentage of protein in this ? Does too much protein cause kidney stones? How much is too much? We have a pug &amp; a mini doxie. Thanks!
Does anyone know if the kibbles are small?
My dog is on Core Original Formula, I want to try this one now do I have to do the food transition over a week?
I have a 50-lb Keeshond that is 10 lbs overweight. Using your weight-loss feeding, about how long will it take my girl to shed the extra weight?
Does this dog food have any yeast in it?
What about the experiation date? How much time will be left before "good by date" passes?
Is this gluten free?
How can it be referred to as "poultry free" when the first ingredients are "Deboned Turkey, Turkey Meal, Chicken Meal?
How many K/Cal per cup?
Current customers - is this a good food or are the reviews about quality correct? Am really hesitant to try it now.
Is this dog food made in the USA?
Description states:A unique grain-free,poultry-free choice for dogs..the ingredients state:Deboned Turkey,Turkey Meal,Chicken Meal. ?? Poultry free??
As a Prime customer, If I choose 1 day delivery do I pay extra shipping? If I do not so choose, will I receive my Wellness dog food in two days?
My 10 lb. Silky doesn't like the small breed food can he eat this one? Will the pieces be too big for him?
i have a boston 20lbs and a mix shepard 50lbs should i get the small kibble will it saticfie my larger dog?
made in usa?
Is this food grain-free?
Could I place 3 dogs in there separating them from each other? Or are all of the sections combined? Are there dividers?
what are the bar spacing? I am concidering this for a couple older ferrets
Are the sides covered or solid - or are they just regular cage and see through? The picture makes it appear to be "closed" sides/
dimensions?
is it separte section or can the pet get to all levels
is this made for gebill
I bought these in case of emergencies to transport small lizards and tarantulas. Is the lock secure in case they get bumped around?
What are the size dimensions of this carrier? Is there a difference in size between the pink and the blue?
is this made for gebill
I bought these in case of emergencies to transport small lizards and tarantulas. Is the lock secure in case they get bumped around?
What are the size dimensions of this carrier? Is there a difference in size between the pink and the blue?
What are the measurements of the shelves? My cat is a BIG boy, 17lbs.; 24 in. long, wondering if he will fit . . ?? I've read this is a sturdy cage.
how portable is this cage. have 2 cats want to take in rv &amp;set cage up inside when we go somewhere during day want our cats &amp; rv would be safe
What are the dimensions of the cage? Also, how sturdy is it as far as tipping?
Can this be used outside?
Could this be assembled w/ the bottom door 1 way (towards my basement window) &amp; the other 2 doors facing the opposite direction for access outdoors?
Is the base removable from time to time? How do you clean it? I mean do you have to dismantle the cage everytime?
Can the second and third levels be switched so second level opens on left and third on right?
how would you use this cat as an "acclimation cage" for a stray-turned semi-feral cat to help ease into a new household with another cat?
can this collapse for easy storage?
what are the total dimensions of the cage?
What are the measurements of the shelves? My cat is a BIG boy, 17lbs.; 24 in. long, wondering if he will fit . . ?? I've read this is a sturdy cage.
how portable is this cage. have 2 cats want to take in rv &amp;set cage up inside when we go somewhere during day want our cats &amp; rv would be safe
What are the dimensions of the cage? Also, how sturdy is it as far as tipping?
Can this be used outside?
Could this be assembled w/ the bottom door 1 way (towards my basement window) &amp; the other 2 doors facing the opposite direction for access outdoors?
Is the base removable from time to time? How do you clean it? I mean do you have to dismantle the cage everytime?
Can the second and third levels be switched so second level opens on left and third on right?
how would you use this cat as an "acclimation cage" for a stray-turned semi-feral cat to help ease into a new household with another cat?
can this collapse for easy storage?
what are the total dimensions of the cage?
dose it have cedar in it?
Where is it manufactured
what is inside? some say foam, others say cedarchips.
Do you think this bed is plenty big enough for a 75lb lab?
What is the approximate height of this bed?
what size of dog does it fit
How cushiony is it, good for an older dog?
Is it reversible?
is this foam inside
Description colors in title do not match the picture. What color is it?
what are the dimensions of this item?
Would this work as a small boot tray by an outside door? For a single pair of shoes.
My kitten likes to paw at her current mat, and then her water spills and goes everywhere. Does this stay snug to the floor?
What are the dimensions of the smaller one?
Is the mat made from food-safe/FDA approved material?
What are the measurements of the small? What are the measurements of the large?
Is it dishwasher safe?
Is this mat rubberized on both sides?
What are the dimensions of the mats? Are there 2 mats?
Is this made and manufactured in the USA?
What size are the pieces? My dogs are both five pounds and have small mouths. I don't see any small bite options
Is this dog food rice soy and dairy free?
What is the calorie content per cup?
I'm not seeing that this food is "better" than Blue's Wildlife version. Is it?
Does anyone know if any of the ingredients used in this dog food come from China?
When this is shipped is there an outer package or does it just come as the bag of food?
Is this a grain-free dog food?
Does this have all the nutrients needed for large breed puppies?
Has anyone fed their old/small dogs this food? I have 2 poodles and a chihuahua weighing 24, 17, and 6.5 pounds. All are seniors (age 12 and up).
Are they small bites?
what is the protein/fat percentage?
Has anyone else gotten expired food?? My bag was a MONTH expired!
Does it have DHA?
Does this product have auto delivery available?
is you product made completely in the usa?
Has the salmonella issue been resolved?
How about posting all LABEL INFORMATION now so people can see it? I don't understand why all these dogs foods won't show the back of the bags!
TOTW and skin alergies? Anyone have any advise?
Is this food good for a 20 lb shih tzu?, he is 4 years old, and i was reading this food is high in protein.
Has product price for 30 lb bag ($47.99) been consistent on Amazon?
what size is the kibble is it small enough for little poodles to eat easily?
Is this food good for senior dogs or does it have too much protein? Feeding a 10 year old lab.
Is it necessary to mix this kibble with wet/canned TOW dog food or is it complete all by itself?
When will Amazon again be selling it from Amazon.....we were very happy with this product?
I started my 13 yr old pup on Origen about 2 weeks ago. She has been drinking tons of water ever since. Is this normal?
is Orijen good for Large breed (130 lb.St. Bernard)
How big are the pieces? I have small adult dogs that cannot eat the large dog size chunks. I'm switching from the grain-free puppy, to the senior.
How long should a 30 lb bag of food last for a 90 pound German Shepherd? I'm trying to compare cost of Orijen vs. raw food diet.
I would love to feed this to my dogs but have 10 and this costs 3 times what I currently feed them. What about mixing the current dog food and this?
How much do you recommend feeding your dog ? I have a 9 lb Havanese puppy. (9 months old). I feed her twice a day, about 1/4 cup each time.
How many calories in 1/2 cup of the adult orijen dog food?
Can someone tell me how many stools on average you get per day? On Taste of the Wild mine are going 3 to 4 times a day.
In your opinion does this food taste significantly better than average kibble? I'm having trouble getting my dane to eat, he's real finnicky!
Are these pieces small enough for a toy breed dog?
How many cups are in the 15 lb bag?
What is shelf life of the food please. Thanks kindly.
What is "best by" or "sel by" date if one please? Concerned little dog will eat it all in 3 months. Thank you!
Is this a resealable bag?
Anyone know what happened to 30 pound bag of Hi Prairie Bison NOT for puppy? Have always ordered it here and can't find listing anymore. Just this size...
Is this food soy free?
where is this Dog food made?
Why are there 2 types of filters (2 vs. 6 chamber) and are they interchangeable? Have a Platinum and Original and considering a Zen.
what are the measurements of this Drinkwell filter
Do these filters work for the Drinkwell Platinum Pet Fountain 168oz?
Do these filters work for the 50 oz fountain?
Do the filters take sediment out of the drinking bowl? My lab is famous for leaving bits of food in his water dish.
Is same filter found at http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B008... ?
is this for the dog fountain or the cat fountain?
What is the exact size of the filter. Want to see if can use in my fountain.
What is the correct size collar for a 40 lb vizsla?
does this collar have anything to do with stopping excessive barking?
My 6 month boxer has a size 14 neck, what are the neck size ranges for these collars?
What is the correct size collar for a 40 lb vizsla?
does this collar have anything to do with stopping excessive barking?
My 6 month boxer has a size 14 neck, what are the neck size ranges for these collars?
Is this a U.S.A. product? or is this a made in china bowl?
specific size info, please. From outside edge to outside edge, how many inches across the top / across bottom?
Is it microwavable?
Would I need a Med or Large stand to accommodate my bowls if the outer rim is 9" and the inside bowl is 7.5"?.
Is the 7 1.2 inches being measured from inside rim to inside rim? My two bowls are 7 1/4 inside to inside and 8 1/4 outside to outside. Medium?
What is the width of the bowl-holder for the small stand?
The stand is NOT 7,5" tall.. description says the stand holds two 7,5" bowls.. So, how tall is it really?
Are the legs slanted or straight? The website shows them straight, but this shows slanted.
How tall is the Large Dual pet bowl stand? Do you sell one that is extra Tall for a 150 pound Mastiff?
Is it necessary to also use conditioner with this stuff, or do you find the shampoo is enough to keep a healthy coat?
What does "Dilutes 33:1" mean???
What does "Dilutes 33:1" mean???
Is this shampoo tears free?
what does this smell like? Is it the almond vanilla?
How long is one of these tracheas?
How many are in this box?
Do these have an odor and do they stain?
how do you cut them into small pieces?
What type of wood is it made off?
If I attach another compatible run to this would it attach from the front or left/right side?
Can this be assembled so that the run is attached to the opposite side of the hutch than is pictured?
good morning. few rabbits fit here? thanks
Could this work for a cat? I have a cat that has to be on a leash or she will get lost. We live in the country so she need protection.
Should I feed this to my dogs? Is this truly a brand that I should not buy? Who is buying this brand and why, considering all of the bad press and sic
I saw some stuff online that people have been having issues since they changed the packaging (although supposedly the formula stayed the same)?
When is the expired date of it?
Should I switch from Simply Nourish Puppy to Diamond Naturals Puppy??
How many cups per bag? What is the weight of 1 cup of food? Thanks
is it made in the USA.????
Is this fine for baby guinea pigs (pups)?
How long will 25lb bag of oxbow timothy hay stay fresh?
Is this fine for chinchillas?
Can you tell me how many calories per cup are in this food?
Someone able to post ingredients list and/or nutritional info? Thanks!
cups per 16lb bag?
kitten about 3 months can eat this food?
Where it says "animal fat" and "animal liver" is this from a rendering plant ? aka roadkill etc ?
What are the dimensions of this item?
Can you use this these wipes on a pet's face near eyes?
How is this any different than using baby wipes?
Cat exits litter box w/ urine on her hind paws and/or the area between her back legs/bottom. Would these be sufficient to clean her up?
Where are these made?
Can these wipes be safely used on dogs?
What country are they made in?
What are the dimensions of this item?
Does anyone know the difference between the Earthbath Grooming Wipes and the Earthbath Cat Wipes?
I'm allergic to cats &amp; dogs: do these wipes remove &amp; not just remove but de-nature the "pet-dander" on the coat? Please let me know
Is this made in the USA?
What is the difference in ingredients between this and the larger purple can of Wellness Core Grain-Free Kitten formula? Thx!
My kitten likes this food. It smells wholesome in the can. But her breath and flatulence are horrible. Is there anything to be done?
What is the texture of this cat food? Is it paste like or more cubed, minced or sliced?
Does this food say "Complete and balanced nutrition for kittens based on AAFCO feeding trial" on the label?
Ok what is up with the price? I just ordered this on 12/3 for about $24 now over $32????
Anyone know how much carbohydrate this has? The manufacturer website doesn't list a carb percentage.
can you leave this food out or do you refrigerate it? will your cat eat it cold?
What is "natural chicken flavor?" Does "free of added growth hormones and steroids" mean this is organic/
Is it a pop top or does it need a can opener?
How many 12.5 oz cans come in one order?
Is this pat&Atilde;&copy; or gravy chunks?
Why does this particular formula give my cat terrible gas?
What size lid covers do you need for these cans?
Why are there so many vegetables? Grains are bad, but veggies aren't far behind.
Is this one pat&eacute;?
How many cans and what weight?
When will Amazon LLC. start selling AvoDerm Natural Cat Food, 5.5-Ounce Cans, Case of 24 (Chicken) again?
does it help with marking?
Feliway products: Besides $4, what is the difference between the Feliway Plug-In Diffuser with Refill, 48 Milliliters Feliway Plug-In Diffuser with Refill, 48 Milliliters at $23 and the Comfort Zone with Feliway Diffuser for Cats, 48 ml Comfort Zone...
Is this product useable in American outlets?
Can Feliway refills be used in the Comfort Zone dispensers (and vise versa, can the Comfort Zone refills fit into the Feliway dispensers)?
What is the difference between this product and Comfort Zone with Feliway?
Feliway question: Will the air purifier remove the pheromones from the air?
how can I extend life of Feliway diffuser?
It says to turn this on. Which way is on?
I've never used a diffuser before. When plugged in does the bottle hang below or sit on top of the diffuser?
Is there any smell emitted from the diffuser that humans can smell?
Will it work for a 100lb dog
Is this waterproof
Would thos Collar be strong enough for a full grown great dane?
what size dog is it for?
IS THIS UNIT RECHARGEABLE?
Will this product work through a window to stop outside dog from barking?
My young Rottie has a huge neck. I noticed a comment that it was 25 inch. long My little darling has a 27/28 neck. Is there is longer one please?
is this for small dogs?
Is this the best collar in the Sportdog line for basic dog training?My Lab needs to stay off the counters, stop jumping on people etc.
is it good on goldens
I have 2 dogs and a new, indoor cat. Dogs are up to 32 #'s. Can this door allow dogs to go out but not the cat? I'm assuming I'd need the large door.
Can this door replace a normal, non-security dog door. Will the hole be compatable?
What are the outer dimensions of the large door? I have an older version that needs replacing and I want to make sure this one will fit the same hole
Is this a door mount only or can it be mounted through a wall?
I want a door to keep my cat in while letting my dog out. Will this do the job?
Does this come with a battery and smart key or do I have to buy them separate?
Do big dogs break door?
I buy this door electronicmagnic how many key coming with a door some one answer a soon is possible i hope be set 2 keys thank you
How wide is the door at the bottom? It says it's 13 1/16 but I'm sure that's at the top.
Help please. Can anybody recommend a better door, or other solution?
The plastic white piece at the top that holds the flap has broken on my door, where can I get one of these?
Our original door and flap actually has two flaps. Does this item (11-11039) have two flaps as well? Or do I need to buy two of these?
Does the magnetic piece on the bottom come with it? Ours seems to have slid off and gone into the unknown.
what are the actual dementions of the flaps? i need an8.25''x13''
what are the dimensions of the flap?
Is this a replacement for all the flaps? I need to make sure the middle yellow one is included because it has gotten mold all over it. Thanks!
I am currently using a flap model number 11-11039 will this flag you have even though it is a different model number can it be used on my door
I need 10 1/8" x 15 3/4" Are these OK for a Large?
Does this flap also fit the opening from the Pet Safe large plastic pet door?
Does the large size have 5 screw holes or 4 screw holes? The one I am replacing has 4.
couldnt you just make one of these flaps?
what is the actual measurement of the X L ? I need a 15 x 23 1/2
I think the dimensions you give for the extra large replacement flap must be an error. Is it really 3" x 26.3"?"
Will this work in place of replacement flap #pac11-11040?
I have a petsafe about 10 years old and it's an extra large 16x 27 door and the flap is around 10 1/2 x 15 it is aluminum frame
I need a 15 X 24 flap for my dog door, Petsafe. It is the type with 2 flaps and 6 screws holding the flaps in place. Can you help me?
My door is a Johnson XL flap with two pieces. inner flap and outer piece with magnet. the door is over 10 years old. any one know if this will fit?
what are the flap measurements
I am having to replace flap on x-lg door after only 2 1/2 months of use bc it does seal on sides or bottom. Any suggestions or just get dif brand door
We need the screws that hold the flap in place as well. Do they come with the replacement flap?
Will this work with the PetSafe Wireless system (PIF-300)?
Will this work with the PetSafe Wireless system (PIF-300)?
Will the receiver itself wear out? Just replaced batt. 2-3 wks ago, &amp; last wk collar was buzzing in house nowhere near fence line. Or bad battery?
how do you charge the batteries?
Would this collar work on a very small dog? I have the PetSafe wireless fence system...but need a very small collar for a 5 pound dog. Would the cat collar work for him?
I have a PetSafe Wireless fence system already for my Lab...it works very well with him...I have recently acquired a 5 pound chiuahua dog...he is full grown...would the cat collar work for him? The collar that came with the system is for a BIG dog!!!
is this effective on long hair cats?
Will a cat petsafe collar work with a petsafe dog underground fence?
My cat is deaf and whines all day to go outside. I need help, suggestions?
Where are the products for external cat fence and whats the price?
Does this collar have the "static/ vibrating" option, or does it just provide shock?
How many batteries does it use and how long will they last
What is the probe length? Long or short?
What exact type of "small" batteries does this require?
how small will the collar go
Chihuahua can use it?? My dog is very small&gt;
what is the hightest weight that can be used with this yard trainer?
how long is the collar? My dogs neck is 19" and I want to be sure it will fit her befoer I purchase it.
we have a pit bull pup that has only one problem - chasing cats. She gets focused and just wont stop. Do you think this will work to solve the problem
I have a mastiff with elbow problems not hip. Is the step wide enough for them to step down vs. jumping?
How big is this step" Wide and Long after it is in the receiver and exposed for anyone to step on?
Can this be used for a people step as well? I need a step bumper and this looks larger and saver than the smaller ones offered
I just got the step and a hitch installed. The step wobbles a bit.Any suggestions on how to make it not move, or should I contact the step seller?
I have a 2011 honda Pilot and a great dane, do you think this will work for us?
What is the step made out of? Plastic or metal?
Has anyone used this on an H3?
will this fit a jeep cherokee overland without wobblng?
We are concerned that The adapter shows a hole for a bolt but the step does not have a place for this bolt. Will it be secure and not fall?
Reviews mention another hitch based product (in addition to twistep). Who/what Is manufacturer or name of other hitch product?
Is this the thin, white runny consistency like the "natural" laxatone? Or the brownish thick gel like the unflavored, or Tuna? thanks!
Where is this hairball remedy manufactured?
Is this thing approved or recommended by most cat veterinarians?
Also, can you guarantee that the flavor will not be tuna or catnip? My cat will not take those flavors.
What are the complete ingredients? Is there petroleum jelly in this product?
Dimensions
what is the size of the tray?
What is the size?
What size dog in weight is this for? Ie. 50+ lobs?
someone please define small dog for me? weight range? thanks
For the med/large dogs tablets, what is the aproximate size (diameter) of each tablet?
I have 3 hound dogs all between 80 and 90 lbs. Will one packet give one does to each dog or do I need to buy more?
Why do you have "RINGWORM" listed in the description at the top? Ringworm is NOT a worm...it is a fungus.
how long does this medicine take to work? My dog just ate it at 10am its 5pm and still shes not eating a lot of food. She will be seeing a vet asap!
How often do I give my small dog this pill?
is this product a heart worm protector?
does it prevent heart worm
Will this treat heartworms?
What size dog in weight is this for? Ie. 50+ lobs?
someone please define small dog for me? weight range? thanks
For the med/large dogs tablets, what is the aproximate size (diameter) of each tablet?
I have 3 hound dogs all between 80 and 90 lbs. Will one packet give one does to each dog or do I need to buy more?
Why do you have "RINGWORM" listed in the description at the top? Ringworm is NOT a worm...it is a fungus.
how long does this medicine take to work? My dog just ate it at 10am its 5pm and still shes not eating a lot of food. She will be seeing a vet asap!
How often do I give my small dog this pill?
is this product a heart worm protector?
does it prevent heart worm
Will this treat heartworms?
Product description says 47 1/4" x 29", answer to the ? above says 48 x 30. Need pan for Midwest crate 48". Want heavier duty pan than original.
How deep is this tray?
48" by ?
exactly how many inches wide without extensions?
can I use this gate to keep my child out of the kitchen? I guess I'm asking if it's sturdy enough.
How tall is the actual gate? One dimension says 24" and another says 18"
I have a door way of 41" wide. Can I install this gate with extension?
How many inches between individual bars on the gate? I have tiny dogs.
I have a 75 inch and 85 inch doorway...wondering if this gate with extentions would work, or where I could find a gate that would work!
My doorway is 28 1/2 inches. Do you think this will still work and still have use of the small door?
I have a 24 inch bathroom doorway that I want to use this gate for, will this work for me?
How wide are the gaps between the bars? I have a tiny puppy and I'm afraid he might squeeze through!
The description states this gate is 18 in high, but the product dimensions indicate that the gate is 24 x 2 x 24. Which is it, 18 or 24 in high??
How do you wash the Mysterious Purr Padd?
my cat is eating it.. is there a cover that you can buy?
What's the mystery?
What are the dimensions of this cat cushion?
Does this work with dogs?
Will this work outdoors in a cat shelter?
price increase??? Why on earth did this price increase by over $10????
What are the nutritional facts? I'm particularly interested in min protein % and max fat %, but I would like to know as much as possible!
Are the pellets small, round, BB type? My cat needs the larger pellets.
Is Blue Buffalo still made in the U.S.A.? I recently bought a bag of Blue Buffalo cat food and could no longer find where it says it was manufactured.
Has anyone noticed how this affects hairballs (if any)?
Does the company sell sample size bags so my cat can decide which flavor he likes the best? Also which type is best for 6 yo indoor kitty.
Does this have any fish or fish byproducts in it? And if this flavor does, do you carry any cat food that does not? Thanks.
this includes harness and connection to seat belt?
What size should I get for a 37-lb. Brittany?
What it's the maximum dog weight recomended to this harness?
Is there a list of car brands this works with (and doesn't)? I own a 2013 Kia Soul.
Seller: Pls. List sizing info (dog weight range, etc.) in description.
What happens when the dogs butt end flies out from under him and his back breaks because his top part is secured to the car?
Wouldn't the quick release buckles release in an accident if a lot of force was put on them, defeating the purpose?
would this harness fit a 70 pound labrador?
show me how to put it on please!
The size
If I set the timer to lock at night and not let the cats out, if the cats are already outside after that time, are they locked out from coming in?
Our cat just stands by the door and meows. We have to hold the door open for him. Any training advice? Food, catnip, &amp; feliway havent worked.
How big a cat will go thru this door?
To protect her tail, my cat slides through my current magnetic door leaving it unlatched. does this door latch itself after pet use?
Does the timer work in training mode? I'm not interested in RIF control; I just need a cat door that operates on a timer.
I have a small dog, 6 lbs, and 4 cats. I want to allow the dog to go out but not the cats. Has anyone tried this with a dog?
We want our cat to be able to come back in the house if she is left outside, but not out of the house. Is there a "one-way" setting on the door?
Can this be used for small dogs 5-10 lbs?
Does it have one flap or two flaps inside?
Does it come with a collar ID tag or is that purchased separately?
Where is the bowl made?
Do you know how many cups of food (approximately) the large bowl holds?
This bowl is microwave-safe?
What is the top diameter and bottom diameter of the large bowl?
What are the measurements?
Is this product made in China?
What is the ingredient list? Is it chicken free?
where is this cat food made
Is this cat food antibiotic-free?
is this food grain free?
Does is have magnesium and ash? (I know it has manganese, but is that different from magnesium?) If it does, what is min amt of both?
The bag says green pea and duck, but the title says green pea and chicken. What will i actually receive?
Has anyone contacted the company to find out where their ingredients come from? It says nothing about being made in the USA on the packaging...
Can someone tell me what the carbohydrate count/percentage is?
I really really wish you guys could also come to the canada amazon. Is it possible to also go on amazon.ca? I always fear extra costs
does this keep dogs from biting their feet?
Velcro attachments. adjustablr.
How many inches is a cm
Product information says it flips back to allow for eating/drinking. Has anyone figured out how to do this?
what size should a corgi wear? Update: for our 33 pound corgi, M fits perfect.
What size for 20lb dog?
I have a 60lb lab/rhodesian mix. Do you think he will be able to chew this up while he's wearing it, and/or take it off?
I have a 19 pound French Bulldog, will a medium fit her?
Will this cone prevent a dog from reaching his tail, hind end and front paws?
can this be used for cats
does this keep dogs from biting their feet?
Velcro attachments. adjustablr.
How many inches is a cm
Product information says it flips back to allow for eating/drinking. Has anyone figured out how to do this?
what size should a corgi wear? Update: for our 33 pound corgi, M fits perfect.
What size for 20lb dog?
I have a 60lb lab/rhodesian mix. Do you think he will be able to chew this up while he's wearing it, and/or take it off?
I have a 19 pound French Bulldog, will a medium fit her?
Will this cone prevent a dog from reaching his tail, hind end and front paws?
can this be used for cats
does this keep dogs from biting their feet?
Velcro attachments. adjustablr.
How many inches is a cm
Product information says it flips back to allow for eating/drinking. Has anyone figured out how to do this?
what size should a corgi wear? Update: for our 33 pound corgi, M fits perfect.
What size for 20lb dog?
I have a 60lb lab/rhodesian mix. Do you think he will be able to chew this up while he's wearing it, and/or take it off?
I have a 19 pound French Bulldog, will a medium fit her?
Will this cone prevent a dog from reaching his tail, hind end and front paws?
can this be used for cats
does this keep dogs from biting their feet?
Velcro attachments. adjustablr.
How many inches is a cm
Product information says it flips back to allow for eating/drinking. Has anyone figured out how to do this?
what size should a corgi wear? Update: for our 33 pound corgi, M fits perfect.
What size for 20lb dog?
I have a 60lb lab/rhodesian mix. Do you think he will be able to chew this up while he's wearing it, and/or take it off?
I have a 19 pound French Bulldog, will a medium fit her?
Will this cone prevent a dog from reaching his tail, hind end and front paws?
can this be used for cats
What size is the kibble?
How many grams of protein per cup of Blue Buffalo dry dog food
If you rated Blue Buffalo dry dog food, Lamb and Rice, with a 3 star or lower, what are you feeding your dog instead?
Is the rice arsenic free??? I did see on other sites to check and see how much rice was in your dogs food for there is arsenic in the rice????
How many cups per 30 pound bag?
Can I feed t his to my 75 lb dog? or is it for small breeds?
How would i know the expiry date on the bag i am ordering?
At what age can dogs eat adult vs. puppy food?
Is BLUE BUFFALO the same company as BLUE LIFE PROTECTION dog food? Both companies have the diamond shape logo with a buffalo.
made in china/?
can i program 6 or 8 hrs?
Does the timer make a ticking noise?
Does this work with CFL's and LED's?
how long is the cord?
Can it be used for 240V?
What happens if you have 3 day time plug ins?
Can one person put together this cage? Who difficult was it to put together?
what are the actual measuements of the perches that come with this cage.
Has anyone tried to make their own plywood LARGER perches? plywood with 2 holes drilled either end and zip tied to cage itself to support it?
DISTANCE OF THE PERCHES
I am looking for a cage that will have easy assembly and break down at adoption events. Is this easy for 1 person to do?
Do this ship in a way that would allow me to carry it home from the post office?
are the bars close enough to protect kittens from getting out or hurting thenselves?
Does it hold together well or will I need tie clips? And do the perches slide or do they latch on to the side of the cage?
Does this cage come with the perches or do I have to buy them separtely? Thanks for answering.
Can it be used without the wire floor grate?
Will this medium crate fit a 65 lb Akita ?
How tall is this cage on the inside? I have a 27inch tall, 115 lbs Mastiff that needs a new cage. Do you think this would suffice?
Can this crate be taken apart for easy transportation?
Our 57 lb dog is able to escape by jumping in the cage and have the door to the cage easily open. They don't seem to latch well. Suggestions?
Any ideas for water issue if dog is not using the water bottle in the crate (even when she "knows" how to do it outside)?
Can you guarantee the floor is metal and not plastic or ABS?
What size crate for 3 small dogs (12 - 20 lbs each),
My dog is about 45 lbs. He has bent the bars and destroyed the tray, of a light duty steel crate. He has separation anxiety. Will this hold him?
What is the warranty if my dog would destroy the cage?
Can I use these ramps with the Midwest cat enclosure?
can i use this for a chinchilla
what is the height of the cage?
will it hold 4 week old kittens or will they get out of bars?
Can it handle two or three cats?
Do the ramps work with the PRECISION brand kitty condo cage?
Where was it made?
How does it attach in the cage? At the sides (of the shelf) or at the back of the shelf?
Do these shelves/perches fit in any brand of cage? I have a petedge cage.
can this cage be used for rats? appreciate answer asap if possible, B'Day gift april 2nd.
What is the heighth?
does i t come with t he cage?
how tall is this cage?
What is the overall size of the cage? all I see is the platform size
Is this the actual cage or is it just platforms? I have two male cats who fight sometimes and we cannot let them run in the house due to construction.
chinchilla
What wattage heater would be appropriate for a 40 gallon breeder tank for a Red Eared Slider?
30 gallon tank. It has been set up for a week. The heater is set to 80. I can't get the temp above 76 in the tank. Should I consider the 200W heater?
150 for 39 gallon? Is this truly submersible it seems the bad reviews are from submersing it?
will 200watt heater be good for 50gal. tank [cichlids]
To save water, will this allow siphoning to the outside and then refilling from the sink? Thanks.
will it suck the water from the basement into a sink one flight up
When you are finished using, does it smell?
Do you prefer this over the Python? I am thinking of just getting this because it's 50' and I won't have to add an extension to my Python.
Is the tubing black or clear? There are photos that the tubing looks black and others that it looks clear.
how do you remove chlorine from city water using this water changer
What size ID is hose
is this fully submersible?
What are the minimum and maximum temperatures?
can the 300 watt be suitable for a 250 gallons fish tha
The picture doesn't show a suction bracket for this heater. Is one included? Thanks
i have a 45 gal. hydroponic reservior will ths heater keep the water at a good temp.
what is the diameter of the heater
How many gallons per each heater?
Which one would be more suitable for a 160ltr tank please?
what is the diamater of the heater
what is the diameter of this heater
Will this overheat a 6.6 gallon tank?
What wattage should i get if I have a 20 gallon tank?
Will a 50 Watt overheat a 6.6 gallon tank?
How do you dry the inside of the hose once it's been used? I'm worried about mold getting inside the tubing. I have it hanging, but it's still wet.
can this hook up to a outdoor water spicket? My tank is not close to a sink but there is a water spicket just outside the window of the room that the
Will the vacuum work with sand instead of gravel?
Hi, need help! it works, but no matter the faucet turn, not enough pressure/suction to clean from under gravel. Please any advice? Thanks!
When refilling your tank how do you add water conditioner?
What is the OD of the gravel vac suction tube? 2"?
will it take out and refill water?
can you use this to clean a turtle tank
What is the inside diameter of the drain hose not the end that you use to suck the gravel up?. Thank you
What size inside diameter is this hose does anybody know?
Do you put the entire heater in the water or does the top part (the knob where you adjust the temp) have to be out of the water?
is it normal for this to pop and release bubbles? New to owning an aquarium and it has been doing it since I've started cycling the tank.
mine came with the knob off, how would iknow how to position it correctly?
Would a 200kw be appropriate for a 45 gal tank? The tank is 24' tall
Could this be used in a 35 gallon above ground preformed pond outside (plugs protected) to extend the season?
I have a 200 watt it set St 82 my tank water stays cold
what size aquarium is suitable for a 200 watt?
how often do you need to change filters?
Can you just use filter floss in here instead of the expensive cartridges? Aquarium filter floss is way cheaper.
Can I use this in lieu of QuietFlow 10 Power Filter Item # 06084. What's the difference?
Please would someone measure their medium filter cartridge and let me know if it is 4 x 4.5 ? I don't know what size this is! Thank you
size
what should I do if the filter stops gets noisy and stops filtering water?
Why are they 3 sizes? width, height and what? Our filters are 4x6. What size do we order?
What are the dimensions of the filter itself? And will it possibly fit the Evolve2 aquarium, or should I use small?
hello does this remove any saltwater percentage from my fish tank
Does this work w/Aqueon QuietFlow 20,30,50 &amp; 55 Power Filters?
Can these used instead of the Tetra 26170 large filters?
how often do u replace filter
does this filter will fit aqueon evolve 4 gal aquarium?
why tank is cloudy
is this a possible solution for my rescue cat peeing everywhere?
Is is possible to assemble just 2 of the 3 levels &amp; store the 3rd level for use at a later time, or do all 3 levels have to be assembled to use this?
How do you attach the little clips that go everywhere? I can't figure it out!
My cat weighs 21 lbs will the shelves hold him...says 18 lbs suggested limit
what is the bar spacing
We are relocating and living in temporary housing for a few months. Would this work for 4 cats to feel safe during transition (and hold a litter box)
Are the castors on this cage large enough to handle being rolled over carpeting? I have another brand of cage that the castors broke off on rugs.
What do you use as a cover for the shelf or do you leave it bare?
is the white wire cage painted or plastic coated?
Are the shelves movable or only used in the locations in the photo? Are additional shelves available for purchase with the cage?
I want to use it for aquarium and I bought a mesh bag to put in my filtration system. How much should I put in my bag ( half or fill it).
does these pellets go into the filter system or in the tank gravel?
Can I use these pellets in combination with sand in my pond sand filter system?
Are the carbon pellets useful for airborne orders (like litter boxes)?
is this ok for turtles?
do you have to rise this out before using for outdoor Koi pond?
how long will this last for a large 2100 gal outdoor fish pond?
Can I use this product in my small air filter?
The insulation of my stainless steel kitchenl sink is still giving off a horrible odor after many months. Would the pellets help abosorb the odor?
can i use this product to replace the media in my whole house water filter?
can I use this Loving Pets Acurel ALV2252 Carbon Bag, 52-Pound bag in combination with 70 pounds of sand in my pond sand filter system?
some reviews have indicated that this pellet carbon doesnt work as well as granular. Has anyone tried to crush it? Did that or would that help?
is it true that this product in "non-porous"? can anyone confirm this?
What are the dimensions of the pellets?
Is this really a 52 pound bag
Hello, is this carbon pellet or granular? and can it be used for air filteration?
Is this carbon high enough quality to be used in a saltwater system with large quantities of corals?
How easy is this cage to clean. Does the bottom slide out or do you have to disasemble the cage.
Is this cage big enough for 2 guinea pigs?
Is the cage 33" high with the legs or is the cage itself 33" high and the legs make it taller?
Can a bunny actually get up the ramp?
is this cage big enough for two large rabbits?
About how tall is the cage with the legs/stand included? Product description says 33 in. but I assume that's just the cage itself.
Is this cage good for rats?
Can this cage be left outside, cover with blanket at night?
Can the grill top in the bottom be removed so that guinea pigs can be in the tray to stand on the shavings not the grate?
Is this cage too big/too small for a Chinchilla?
Anyone know how this chicken was farmed/ raised? I'm concerned this product is factory farmed...
Is this a product of USA?
Is there any reason I can't give these to my cats if I break the pieces into smaller ones? thanks :}
I want to give my ferret this...can I guys??
Is there a recall on PureBites Chicken breast?
Does it fold
Does the carrier fit under an airplane seat?
Does the "stroller part" fold up for ease to put in car trunk, or for storage?
What's the pet weight limit?
Are there 2 tethers inside?
What are the measurements? I have a dachshund
What is the quality of these crates as far as wire gauge etc? Do you consider them sturdy enough to protect the dog should there be an auto accident?
Is the 42 x 21 inch crate noisy while the vehicle is moving?
Does the crate come with a divider?
Would two of these fit in a 2011 Dodge Durango? Or a 2011 Jeep Grand Cherokee?
Is this the kennel as well as the roof ? Or is it just the roof system without the kennel sides?
do you have the canopy only for a 10x10 kennel. I need to replace mine. I have the form it goes on.
I have a 10x10x6 kennel not a Lucky dog kennel will this extra large work on it? Bought the other and its too small
Is this just the canopy or the support system too?
Will this fit an 8x10 kennel? The reviews say it is a bit snug anyways. Can I have one side drape over and secure 2 feet down the side?
Good day are these 110v 0r 220v?
Is this a standard base bulb (e27)? I know its for reptiles, but would it fit in the average home lamp?
I'm getting a hermann's tortoise hatchling, and am not sure about which kind of bulb to get. They are not desert tortoises, nor tropical. Help?
Anyone know if this could be used for chickens? thanks!
Aside from UV, does this bulb produce heat as well? Some UV bulbs do not produce heat like the ones I use for my parrots
Is it safe for people to use or be around? What other uv light does it produce?
Will this bulb work in a standard desk lamp?
Is this a heat lamp and uvb mixed together
How many bulbs does the Repti Glo 10.0 come with? Is it one or two?
I have a baby alligator snapper turtle, which kind is suitable? and our electricity is AC 220-240V it works fine?
Does this bulb produce any heat?
what is the length from end to end?
I need a Full Spectrum with CRI of 94+ and a K Temp of 5000-5500. Is this the one I am looking for. I have 2 Amazons and a flock of 6 Cockatiels.
Can this fit in a zoomed compact hood?
Are these bulbs good for Venus Flytraps who might not get enough sun?
This Repti glo 10.0 is 110V or 220V? You send to Brazil?
How long does this bulb last?
Is this ok for an anole in a 12 x 12 x 18 in Eco terrarium tank?
Can this be used with an aquatic turtle?
Will this fit the Zoo Med Mini Combo Deep Dome Lamp Fixture, Black?
how long should the light last? i bought one less then a month ago and its already out.
What is the minimum distance this bulb should be from an adult bearded dragon? I have the 125w.
will this lamp be good for my bearded dragon i got a 40 gallon breeder tank
Will this bulb work in australia?
I have a 20gallon long terrarium (30"x13"x13), hoping to use this on it for a baby bearded dragon. Any idea if this is too strong of a bulb???
Can i use this to replace my basking bulb and still have my other bulb that runs the length of the viv? I have the 40 g bearded dragon kit by zoomed.
Is the gate opening 23 inches wide?
I see the measurements for the gate are 35 X 2 X 34.6 but several customers say it will fit a 48" opening with out the extensions. Is this accurate?
Does the Richell One-Touch 150 (Model 94161) fit a 36 in. doorway without the use of an extension piece?
How much weight will this take - dog pushing on it ? as my shower pole is tension fit and it moved (it was rubber end) and took with it wall plaster.
Will this gate fit an opening that is 49"?
I need to reach 39" will this gate do that or am I going to have to cut up the extension to make it fit?
I need the gate to fit 39 inches. Is it adjustable enough to do that or is it just 36, 48 &amp; 60
Are any extensions included or must they be purchased seperately?
Does the width of this fence/gate adjust? I have a 44" opening in my hallway.
this would be for a cat, what is the measurement between bars?
I have two bettas each in a 2.5 tank with a light in the lid. They have two tanks each for easy changes. Do I need FOUR heaters? THX!
5 gallon?
Does this have a dial to set the temp? It shuts off when it reaches the desired temp?
Is it adjustable?
220v or 110v
usefull for marina betta kit? 0.8 gallon
I have my betta fish Rusty in a 2.5 gallon tank by Aqueon will this work for him?
How tall is this model? My tank is 8 inches tall, long, and wide, and holds about 2.5 gallons, and I was wondering if this is a good match
I have two bettas each in a 2.5 tank with a light in the lid. They have two tanks each for easy changes. Do I need FOUR heaters? THX!
5 gallon?
Does this have a dial to set the temp? It shuts off when it reaches the desired temp?
Is it adjustable?
220v or 110v
usefull for marina betta kit? 0.8 gallon
I have my betta fish Rusty in a 2.5 gallon tank by Aqueon will this work for him?
How tall is this model? My tank is 8 inches tall, long, and wide, and holds about 2.5 gallons, and I was wondering if this is a good match
Could you use this for a gerbil/chinchilla 'dust bath'?
Can you use this sand to burn hot coals on... like beach sand?
Would this be good digging sand for a rabbit? Or, would she prefer something less fine?
Would a 5lb or a 10lb be better off for a KSB in a 10 gallon? (Please don't answer if you don't know, you don't have to answer the question! Thanks!)
Is this silica-free sand?
is this sand made with calcium? I'm getting a hamster soon and I've read that the best kind of sand to get is quartz reptisand
can you use it for hamster bath sand?
can i use this sand for hermit crab set up tank
can i use this to fill some beach theme bases for a party?
does this sand have calcium?
How does the height adjust? I can't tell from the picture
Will it fit a Prius?
The description says it keeps the dog in the cargo area, where my Wolf-husky refuses to ride. Can it be placed directly behind front seats of a Prius?
Is it easy to install? Does it do damage to the top of your headliner or bottom of the folded down seats, or cargo area?
Has anyone installed this unit in a 2014 Chevy traverse?
Same question as many....does it fit a Honda Pilot well?
Is this sturdy or can a dog push it over? My sister wants this for a large lab. Will it damage the interior of the car? ForVolvo CrossCountry wagon
Will it fit a 2014 Jeep Patriot?
What are the max. dimensions?
Will this fit a Yukon XL?
Can this device work with homemade treats such as cut up chicken breast?
Anyone know how long the battery will last on this, I don't want to spend a fortune on D batteries
Can the loud BEEP be turned completely OFF? I saw one reviewer who mentioned it, but I just want to be sure before I buy it.
How far away will the system work from remote? I see one product says 25 feet, I think I would like something that works further than that.
Can you use this with two dogs at the same time? If so, how? I'm planning to use it to keep them calm when visitors come to my house. Thanks.
Can this device automatically dispense treats on a timeras well as by remote? If so this could really help with Separation problems.
Has anyone found a kibble that doesn't jam in this device?
Is this the Manners Minder or the new renamed Treat&amp;Train?
I've seen a lot of people reference using it to train agility contacts. How hard is it to fade away the trainer? Can you use it to train entry on WP?
I have two dogs and would be interested in buying two units if they could be individually controlled is that possible or would both units deliver the treats at the same time when one button is pushed?
I'm getting mixed opinions on the size capacity. I have a schnauzer. Shes about 20- 25 lbs at the most. She has long legs. Will she fit?
Can I assume a 50# dog shepherd-built dog is too big?Bought novel regular and I can fit two of her inside - nice but reg too big for city streets
Will I be able to attach it to my road bike or my younger girls mountain bike? She is 9 and on family outings she wants to ride. Attach it to her bike
Does this product require a longer 'spindle' through the rear wheel hub to attach on quick release? If so, is it included?
Does it work with a road bike with quick connect wheels? Or do I need the special adapter?
Are there two hook leashes on the inside?
Does the back have a window / screen so my dog can watch my wife out the back while I'm pulling her.
Will this carrier fit my two little 5 pound chihuahuas
what is the total max weight this can hold?
Does this bike come with the front wheel to convert it into a jogger. Has anyone jogged with it?
Is there a return policy for this item?
The toy worked for 15 minutes and just stopped. How do I get inside to try and fix it?
Does this toy have to be placed on a wood floor, or will it work on carpet?
I bought this product. It is a dud. Anyone else experience this problem?
Does anyone know how this compares to the Cat's Meow version? My cats are addicted, but that version is junk. Went through ten in less than two months (they were a gift), and it eats C batteries. Sounds like this one holds up better and uses AA (and...
Does it come with batteries?
Is there an option to plug in your own cord to make it AC (110), instead of DC? Does it have that little hole somewhere on the bottom to plug something in to?
what size batteries ?
how durable is the toy?
Anyone out there leave the toy on all day while humans are at work?
What size do I need for. 50 lbs dog? Is large better?
How often/after how many trims does the blade need to be replaced?
Will this work on a dog's nail that are long and curled over ?I'am tried of paying out money when I can get something and do it myself and put that money on something else so let me know before I buy.
Do these work for large dogs? ie a collie
Would I need a large or small for a 32 pound cockial spaniel ?Would these be fine for him? or the large?I would like to know before I buy !
I recently adopted a lab mix. She is now 20 lbs and is expected to grow to approx 40. Is this this the right size for me, or should I go with large?
will the renco replacement blades fit this model? It says guilitine style they will fit. ty
Made in USA?
Re: measurement, is the bowl 5.5 inches in diameter edge to edge or measuring just the inside of the bowl? Need to use in feeding stand for 5" bowls.
Are these bowls stackable?
I need to cover the bottom of a 150 gallon. 4'x2'. Will the 24 quart be enough? Also, is it better than Eco Earth?
Will this keep plants alive?
Do I need to bake this in the oven before putting it in the enclosure to kill any mites?
Can I use this as substrate for my Sulcata Tortoise?
Is it good for Russian tortoise?
Is this listing for the 24 quart bag? The image shows the 4qt bag and I want to make sure which I am ordering.
Why doesn't Amazon or manufacturer not reveal dimensions despite prior inquiries?
what is the width and height of each panel?
Anyone know if this would work for pet rats?
what are the measuresment
What are the actual dimensions of this item? Can you take any of the panels out or are they all welded together?
Can you tell me the width across the boot? I have purchased these before and need a new pair but am not sure if I need XS or XXS.
i have a 15lb silky terrier. the back of his foot pad to the tips of his nails measures less than 2 inches. what size would you suggest?
I have a 19lb shi-tzu his foot measures 2"x 2" what size boot do you suggest for him?
what size would a toy poodle wear
My Chihuahua daughter's front paws measure a little over 1 1\4 inches. What size would she need?
These boots look like exactly what I need but I can't find a sizing chart. Is there one available?
boot sizing for 2 to 2 1/4 jack russell feet
my dog's feet is right around 1 1/4" wide and between 1 1/2 to 2P long. what size should i get her?
What are the dimensions of this boot? Are the bottoms durable on cement/paved roads?
I have a 6 pound yorkie. Will these work for him?
are these boots good for rainy days, puddles and tall grass area? would this fit a miniature poodle and a shih mix?
I have a 9-10 pound toy poodle. Would extra small or small work?
will these fit my pug
I have a Shih Tzu, He is about 14lbs, should I also buy the X-Small size? Thanks!
What size for a Welsh Corgi? We have a pair that we found on the roadside, fit great. They measure four inches from bottom of cuff to toe.
can it be used in the microwave?
Will this bowl fit in the two bowl holders - the black wrought iron type ?
My cat constantly paws at his water bowl, moving the bowl a couple of feet and spilling water everywhere. Is this bowl tip-proof and hard to move?
is this item microwave safe
Which of the three dimensions is the height?
how many doors?
What is the spacing of the wire?
Does this crate have one or 2 latches?
Is the floor pan on this crate actually polypropylene or ABS plastic?
Does this come with a detachable platform? Is for a cat. Don't him sleeping on floor with litter box.
how do you get this cage to fold?
Is this cage metal or plastic
What is the average weight for this size crate? My dog is 30 pounds.
Is there grating underneath the plastic pan or is it open to the floor? Does the plastic pan slide out when the dog moves around (pan slides out in my present crate)?
How much does the Provalu Crate 4000 weigh?
Will this crate fit my 60lb puppy comfortably? I've found that the size up is a little too big for her. She needs only space to stand up and lay down.
Has anyone used this for a cat? Will a litter box fit with a 10 lb cat and room to move around in the 36" one?
Does this item fold flat quickly for transportation?
What is ID of the hose? 3/4 or 1 inch?
I guess this fits fx 6 also?
I need to make access holes in the top of my aquarium, can anyone tell me outside Dia of this tubing?
Will my 15lb fat cat fit in this???
What is the difference between the orginal scratch lounger and the scratch lounger ii?
I am buying my second scratch lounge and the first one had cardboard inserts at either end that stuck out for cat to lay head. does this one have them
one of my cats loves to sleep in it, however one of the two is using it as a litter box. Why would they do this and what can I do about it?
Where is it made?
My SL is totally boxed in, where as the photo shows the 2 smaller ends opened. How did you remove them?
what is the country of origin?
dull my cats nails , as she will not allow me to clip them ,what doyou recommend
What is the width/ inside (where the cat would lay)?
do yall sell the refills for scratch lounge?
How do I know if this collar is compatible with the Petsafe system I own?
Generally speaking, how long does the 9 volt battery last before it has to be replaced?
What is the neck size of the collar?
does this collar work on a guardian
what kind of battery do they use?
Are there different correction levels on this collar? is the lowest setting on this similar to highest on the regular collar?
Can you use this collar on a 6 lb. yorkie?
I wanted to know would this work on keeping a 20 lb outside dog out of the inground fenced area i have set up for my house dog.
is there any sort of way to trigger this with a remote, to use it as a trainer?
Will this work with the ProTx-1 system?
Can this be installed on a screen window ?
My security locking devise came off. How to I put it back on the security door? I think I am missing a part; I only have 2 parts.
May we have more than one picture to view before purchasing product?
can this be mounted on a wall rather than a door?
Do these really work...my cat is not a people person but she is to me?
what are the ingredients in this product that "calm" cats?
My Siamese mix is extremely hyper and is bouncing off the walls on a daily basis, does this stuff really work?
My kitten has been showing signs of separation anxiety (excessive licking and scratching, bald patches) Will this product help in breaking her habit?
Will it stop my cat from incessantly crying all day and night?
I have a cat that has a real mean streak in him and attacks the other cats. Will this product help eliminate that?
I am taking my cat on an international flight and I do not want to have to sedate him....are these a good alternative?
My cat has biting and aggression problems. (She was declawed very young before I adopted her.) Anyone know if these treats can help?
Are these expired?
Do these work for cats that are aggressive towards other cats?
Would this ramp be able to be kept outside permenetaly? If not could you tell me one that could?
Is it plastic or metal construction? Thx
Does the ramp attach securely to the rear bumper? any problems with slippage/safety?
Is there any reason to buy SAM-e for dogs, when it's also available for people at half the price? Assuming you can get the dosage right?
Is this a 60 count bottle or 30? The bottle in the picture says 30 and the description says 60.
Are these tablets chewable?
Does this also have Sylibin ingredient, My Vet recommended Denamarin.
What color are the pills and do the smelll? Jus bought a bottle an opened and there is a distinctive smell. Is that normal?
It would be nice if the seller would find the answer and tell us if the tablets or any ingredients are made in China. If not good sales point.
Is this product made in the USA?
Do I need prescription from the vet to purchase this?
Is there an expiration date on the packages?
if I order this when will it ship?
Where is product manufactured?
how much is shipping??
Are these tablets flavored?
Price for Denamarin for doggs 13 to 3 lbs
I live in Tucson, AZ where temperatures are currently in the hi 90's or low 100's. Will it be pkg'd so heat will not affect it?
do you ship to a po box?
How large are the pills? I have a cat w/ liver failure &amp; the pills from the vet are HUGE. Looking for an alternative asap. Thank You! :)
Do I need a prescription from my vet for this?
How long does it take for this product to kick in or lower cat's liver enzymes?
Are these chewable?
I was told by Nutramax that this Denamarin is being distributed by unauthorized distributors. How do we know if this is safe and legitimate medicine.
would love to know exactly Is this product Made in the USA? I see where the company is located on box but fails to say where this is made
How many hours is considered fasting for cats? My cat goes crazy after 5-6 hours with no food!
When is the expiration date?
Where are hides from? Where is product manufactured?
Product USDA approved?
What chemicals are used in the processing of this product?
Will this deal with those loathsome spider crickets?
Which is better for carpet beetles, this or boric acid powder? Are they equally effective?
Has anyone tried this as a worm/parasite treatment in dogs or cats?
Can this be used on pets.
What kind of top does it have? Is it a shaker? Like talcom powder bottles?
is this brand amorphous or crystalline?
You don't ship worldwide, not even Spain or England?
does it work on flour beetles?
which works more effectively Borax or diatomaceous earth?
How do you clean the cage, without have taken off the bottom portion?
How do you keep the birds from coming out when you take off the bottom of the cage?
Can you take the top section off the cage and use it as a shorter version?
Is the door big enough for a Quaker Parrot?
Which vision should I get for green cheek conure a l02 or the l12 please help
i have 4 parakeets,Will this cage be ok for them? Hoping to order this cage tomorrow saw a video on youtube and looks easier to clean
Is this a suitable cage for one canary? If not what would you reccomend?
Are the cage bars on the top plastic cover on the cage removable?
Can you hang this cage?
I need a cover for the Vision bird cage Model L12-large any suggestions?
Is this really not suited for cockatiels? Does Vision carry cockatiel cages? My room is full of seed, want the coverage Vision offers.
I need 1" bar spacing. Does this cage have it?
Is there a size difference between L02 and L12? It seems the only difference between the two is the wire/bar spacing.
Do the doors open outward on any of the Vision cages? It would be essential for my special needs cockatiel.
is this cage with 1/2" inch cage bars?
What is the wire spacing on this cage? Looking for a cage that has tight spacing to keep out kitty paws...
please can someone tell me how heavy this cage is as a new boxed cage?
What's the difference between Model L01 and L11?
is this cage big enough for 4 budgies?
Can this cage be hung from a hook
Can you tell me please the exact usable space for the birds inside the cage.
Is the cage big enough for two cockateils
would this be a large enough cage for one parrotlet?
the cage is assembled or disassembled
Is there an opening to place the Vision Breeding Box?
Do you think a parrotlet would like this cage? Or is it to small?
what kind of paint it is painted in the cage. Electrostatic ?
How many doors does the cage have? Does it have a slide-out tray?
Does the top open for perching?
Is there a way to hang the Vision Model MO2 medium bird cage
Would you say this will fit 4 parakeets comfortably? Or should we get the large? Or is the large to excessive?
Can this double cage be reduced down to the M01 single cage size for travel?
Is it PVC coated?
I was wondering if anyone has converted this into a rodent cage... specifically a rat cage. Thanks
should I get the taller one for my conyer
How high is the spacing between the bars?
Can I put 2 cockatiels in this cage? Cockatiels don't fly, but they climb a lot. Also, is to make it hard to clean because it's taller.
Can you set one set of ports from 7am to Midnight and the other from 10am until 8pm?
Can you set how many hours, like 6 or 8 hrs, for it to be on?
So, The Most Important Information Is Missing, How Many Amps Does This Timer Support?
Can i set individual ports or do they all just shut off
Is it possible to have it turn the power on in 30min intervals?
Does it work with any basking/heating lamps? Specifically the zoo med double dome lamps?
What size replacement battery does it take?
Does the timer allow you to set something like: 10 minutes on, 1 hour off and cycle between that?
I have 3 45w halogen flood lights for day lamps if i plug 1 in the day plug and used a extension cord for the other 2 would it work in auto setting?
operates on 220 volts?
I have 2 of the single crates. Are they strong enough to support on on top of the other. Little kittens will be inside and do t want to collapsing t
Anyone know, can you put floor grates in these crates so that the dogs aren't sitting directly on the plastic floor? If so, which ones/size?
Does it comes with one or 2 crates?
Does it fold up
how many bones total will ship? 8 bags of 4 each for a total of 32?
are these made in the US with US materials?
Do these contain corn?
I see one pack of 3 pictured x 12 packs would equal 36 rollhides? Can anyone confirm that is correct? Not a good price otherwise!
are these rawhide or natural total food just made to look like rawhide?
how many bones? Does "2-Count Bags (Pack of 12)" mean I'm buying a total of 24 bones (2*12) or is it trying to say the total package I'm going to receive from amazon will be 12 bones being shipped in 2-count bags.
Are you saying "8 packs of 7 oz. bags? How many bones is that?
how many bones total will ship? 8 bags of 4 each for a total of 32?
are these made in the US with US materials?
Do these contain corn?
I see one pack of 3 pictured x 12 packs would equal 36 rollhides? Can anyone confirm that is correct? Not a good price otherwise!
are these rawhide or natural total food just made to look like rawhide?
how many bones? Does "2-Count Bags (Pack of 12)" mean I'm buying a total of 24 bones (2*12) or is it trying to say the total package I'm going to receive from amazon will be 12 bones being shipped in 2-count bags.
Are you saying "8 packs of 7 oz. bags? How many bones is that?
how many bones total will ship? 8 bags of 4 each for a total of 32?
are these made in the US with US materials?
Do these contain corn?
I see one pack of 3 pictured x 12 packs would equal 36 rollhides? Can anyone confirm that is correct? Not a good price otherwise!
are these rawhide or natural total food just made to look like rawhide?
how many bones? Does "2-Count Bags (Pack of 12)" mean I'm buying a total of 24 bones (2*12) or is it trying to say the total package I'm going to receive from amazon will be 12 bones being shipped in 2-count bags.
Are you saying "8 packs of 7 oz. bags? How many bones is that?
how many bones total will ship? 8 bags of 4 each for a total of 32?
are these made in the US with US materials?
Do these contain corn?
I see one pack of 3 pictured x 12 packs would equal 36 rollhides? Can anyone confirm that is correct? Not a good price otherwise!
are these rawhide or natural total food just made to look like rawhide?
how many bones? Does "2-Count Bags (Pack of 12)" mean I'm buying a total of 24 bones (2*12) or is it trying to say the total package I'm going to receive from amazon will be 12 bones being shipped in 2-count bags.
Are you saying "8 packs of 7 oz. bags? How many bones is that?
how many bones total will ship? 8 bags of 4 each for a total of 32?
are these made in the US with US materials?
Do these contain corn?
I see one pack of 3 pictured x 12 packs would equal 36 rollhides? Can anyone confirm that is correct? Not a good price otherwise!
are these rawhide or natural total food just made to look like rawhide?
how many bones? Does "2-Count Bags (Pack of 12)" mean I'm buying a total of 24 bones (2*12) or is it trying to say the total package I'm going to receive from amazon will be 12 bones being shipped in 2-count bags.
Are you saying "8 packs of 7 oz. bags? How many bones is that?
does anyone know if you can freeze these treats? Since they are soooo hard to find if you stock up it would be nice to keep them fresh in the freezer.
I have purchased the 10 pack of thisfrom Amazon for the past 4 years for around $35. WHY is it now TWICE that amount?
Has anyone purchased these treats in the past 6 months? What is the expiration date on the package? Reviews from 2009 aren't helpful. Thanks!
Hi! Can you let me know if the product you're selling is the Oh No! Hairball or the Hairball Remedy? Picture/description differ. Also - exp date?
Are these treats soft or crunchy?
What is the expiration date on this package?
what are the ingredients in this product?
Where is it manufactured (non-China) and does it resolve coprophasia (stool eating)?
are all grandmas products vegan?
The heading says 24 count, but the picture is 12. Which is it
which fish? can't read the labels. My cat loves fish except shrimp
On the seafood variety pack (classic), shows box with 36 cans. are there 36 or just 24?
box says 36 cans, so what is being switched out ?
What is the date of expiry on these tins?
There is a date after the heading in the advertisement that reads Jan 12, 2008. What does this date represent?
is this a 24 count box, only classic seafood flavor?that is what my cats eat!
Does this Wahl 2179-401 5 in 1 blade set replace the original blade the arco clippers came with? Mine broke and the clip is broken.
These blades seem to go dull after 3-5 cuts on my small dogs. Is this normal or am I doing something wrong? What's the best way to sharpen?
What is the preferred blade setting when using a stainless steel comb on this one. Thanks.
I have Andis 21420 Pro-Animal Detachable Ceramic Kit...the blade gets stuck as soon as it touches my schnoodle's coat. Do these blades fit Andis?
I have the Wahl Pet Clippers. Will this blade fit?
Does anyone here know if this blade fits the Wahl Pro Series 9590? Would be most grateful if someone could help me out. Dog has a double heavy coat.
I have the blade that this clipper came with. I am assuming it is the fine blade. It works great. What exactly does the coarse blade do differently? Also, what happens when you feel it is getting dull? How do you know? Does it start going slower and...
I'm groomin Bichons using the Wahl Bravura L+. What would be the best 5 in 1 to use if plan to use combs all the time ?
Should the fine blade set or the coarse blade set use on cutting men's hair?
Does this Wahl 2179-401 5 in 1 blade set works with the Wahl 8786 ARCO Se?
Is this for Model 9876L? The one on the Wahl website is completely different. Confused... thank you!
Does this fit the Pro Series Model 8552 rechargable pet clipper
Does this fit the wahl Arco 1854 clipper?
Does this fit the original Wahl Chromado pet clippers?
110 volt or 240 volt?? can be used in aust?
does this battery fit for the wahl bravura pet clipper
We have an Italian Greyhoud/chihuahua mix that has almost zero fur on her chest and belly, would this be soft enough for her to wear?
is there one or two medal loops for the leash, do not like 2 prefer one
I have a 5lb Maltese puppy 10 weeks old would a size small fit him
I need to know (which I might say is very hard to find ) the measurments on this harmess I have a westie she is about 22 lbs neck 13" chest23"
Dumb question but is it possible to attach a leash to the harness?
Do you know if this would work with a 12 pound cat by any chance?
What are the measurements for this harness?
what size dog does a medium fit
I have a french bulldog-thick around (23 lbs) short from neck to tail. It seems that the harnesses that fit around are always too long.
How large is the neck opening? Is the sizing the same as the mesh puppia harness? My 8 lb cat wears a size S in the mesh model (neck opening is 11.5")
Will this fit a 10 lb jack russell
how much does the medium weight and is there a shoulder strap?
Does it have back pack straps.
how much does the medium snoozer weigh?
my cat is about 15-20 pounds, sort of round, and he is long. Is it durable and will it hold him and Do you think he will fit comfortably in here?
what is the max weight of the dog it can handle?
i have two 2pound 2yr old pups, we tend to travel a lot&amp; plan on traveling more in 2015 i was wondering if i should buy two? &amp;how big are the pockets?
is this good for large cats?
what are the dimensions hwight width length?
It says for pets up to 15lbs. My dog weighs 14lbs but she is tall and skinny. She is a toy aussie, do you think she would fit in the medium?
I have an 18-19" length shih Tzu (from head to end of his back) would he be able to fit in a medium and lie down?
Will it support my 29 pound French Bulldog?
I ordered a large Snoozer 4-in-1 Pet Carrier, as I have a 20 lb. Jack Russell. Someone mentioned it would not fit under the seat to fly?
What is the weight out of the box, ready to use?
Does it fit under a plane seat?
Has anyone used this carrier (large) on a Delta flight? I'd like a size to accommodate two 10lb. Pups
Which size would work better for a 16 lb cat, M or L, mostly for taking walks (to be used as a backpack)?
Will my 26 lb pug fit in the large snoozer?
Anyone travel with this LARGE size on Southwest? Any problems, or did it fit under the seat?
Has anyone flown on Alaska Airlines with the Large Carrier? It seems that it would fit under the seat when you lay it on it's side.
What is the deminisions of the carrier? I have a 10lb dog but he is long. I read somwhere that the pet has to have
can it be used inline?
What is the height of the pump itself? I want it to be well submersed in my bird bath,whose basin is only 5" high.
AIR PUMP??? Cab this pump be used to pump air as well?
Is this actually 9 watts or is it a typo error
Can you hatch parrot, lovebirds etc. eggs with this incubator?
Can you use Turkey eggs (larger)
The add states R-Com incubator with scope! What scope does it come with? Is it the EZ scope?
Could you tell me this incubator will works for electric power here in U.S.A 120V 60Hz? Please advice. Thank you
Is this incubator ok for Parakeet eggs?
Does it work with plug or batteries?
Does it make noise when it turns the eggs? I have heard that some beep.
I am 76" tall and am concerned about handle height. I don't want to bend over. Comments?
do the tires have air in them?
Does it have ventilation in the back...I can only see the front mesh...and not the back view
What is the wheel size?
Have other people had problems with material ripping?
Does the rear of the stroller have mesh ventilation like the front of the stroller?
Is it 17 high or wide?
is it high enough for a sleigh bed
good for a dachshund?
Where is it made? I have had so many problems with "made in China".
they give measurments of 17x14x13 but dont tell you what if height and width, ???
I have a 16LB cat with a limp. can you please let me know how heavier cats do w/ these stairs. also how high are they? thanks
I have a 50--lb English bulldog who needs something very sturdy and wide and deep enough to accommodate her stocky frame. Most of these seem more
Says it's for dogs up to 75 lbs. My dog is 80 lbs., but the next size up costs twice as much. Think an extra 5 lbs. would break them or be dangerous?
How deep are tahe stairs are they at least 12" deep?
Would these be helpful for a dog to get into a car (Sedan)
can you zip down the covers
How high is the handle from the ground up? Thanks. Where does it say? I am comparing 5.
We have 3 small-to-average-sized cats (10-12 lbs. each) -- for the kitty owners, do you think this model would fit 3 cats comfortably?
do you know how large the wheels are? I read not to get less than 6" as it is hard to move. Thanks
I am considering buying this stroller for my two cats,they hate to be in carriers and try to get out,is the stroller escape proof?
How much does it weigh?
what makes this "sportster" different from the "special edition" that looks similar but the sportser weighs 15# and the special edition weighs 18#
Does the handle work for someone 6'1"?
is the zipper heavy duty like you might find in a sleeping bag or light like you might find on a wind breaker jacket. is it hard to zip?
Can anyone compare this Sportster with the Happy Trails? About the same size when folded? 4 wheels v. 3? Over grass, gravel? Stroller weight? Thx!
How much does this weigh?
Does it provide a smooth ride for your pet? Does it have shock absorbers?
Is this easy to fold up for travel?
My senior pug is 32-34 lbs. Alrhough it says "up to 45 Lbs" I am still a bit leary. Hope someone answers soon so I can get it 3nite. LOL
can this be folded - the wheel part - so that i could use it as a carrier to take my cats, especially my large main coon to the vet in the car? He is 24 inches long and 18 inches high + another foot of tail. He weighs 18 pounds-hard to carry
What is the quality of the canvas &amp; screening: on a scale of 1-10 with ten being heavy (most durable), what would you rate it?
Is there any difference between the Pet Gear Special Edition and the Pet Gear Sportster? I notice color, price and size of about an inch. Is there anything else?
is 27" how long it is or how tall it is on the inside?
I am looking for a pet stroller for my 3 mini Dachshunds... their combined weight is around 36 lbs. Will this work? or do l need a larger one?
Front locking swivel wheels applied by hand or foot? Is the 'braking mechanism' located on the handles (similar to this &Atilde;&uml; on a bicycle?)
how does this attach to car seat?
Does the carrier feel sturdy when carrying a cat in it (about 10 lbs.)? I have a hard plastic carrier that is quite sturdy but bulky.
My dogs, Shihtzus love looking out the windows. Are the dogs able to be in the carrieer and still see out? We have a Saturn, small one. Thank you.
I received this, took it out of package and it has a very strong chemical smell. Has anyone else had this problem? Does it air out after a few days?
Hi does it come in Brown???
Is this safe for traveling with my "hot dog" from. Northeast to florida. Does it strap the pet in?
is this item suitable for airplane travel?
Would this work for a 4 lb. rabbit? I'm adopting an unexpected rescue and need a suitable carrier to pick it up.
Does this have any side pockets for treats or other stuff??
My dog is 15 lbs.Will the 20 lbs size give her enough room?
Wall Mountable? Has anyone tried?
Can I get replacement plastic bolts that hold it together?
What can I do to keep it from bowing in the middle? The cats seem scared to jump on it because it moves back and forth on the door.
What are the measurements of each shelf; I need to know if the shelves will support a 20lb or so cat?
How big are the individual shelves?
What's the shortest door length this will fit? I want to put this on my HVAC door but it's cut off at the bottom for ventilation.
Will this interfere with using the door if you put it on the side that faces a wall when the door is open (instead of how it is shown on the photo)?
Using only the spring mechanism, can this function without shelves? (I just want an extra long, sturdy door scratcher for my extremely large cats)
We have really tall doors- they are 96" tall (8 ft tall). Will this fit over our doors?
Will this work for larger cats? I have a Maine Coon who weighs around 17 pounds...
How and where do I measure my dog to know what size to purchase?
We have a Pug, 8 mos. of age. She is considered in the small breed range, appx 14 lbs. Will the medium fit her?
What size should I buy? There are no lengths listed for any of the collars. I have a large Golden Retriever.
Can a dog wear their regular collar while also wearing this harness or does a regular collar need to be removed first?
Is this the 1 inch wide medium large?
Does this appeal to a GP more than Kaytee pellets? (My guy ignores his pellets and waits for more fruits and veggies).
GP food should have expiration dates; how do I know that what I receive is still within its freshness dates?
do hamsters eat this food? and can they?
at what age is a guinea pig considered adult?
The handlebars on my bike do not go straight across and dip down in the middle. Will this be a problem?
Will it be possible to arrange this to fit my motor scooter?
Would it be possible to use it as a car seat too???
Can I put two dogs in the carrier?
How easy is it to put on/take off your bike? Is it something that needs to stay on the bike always?
Does this basket have a dog leash attachment to secure dog inside?
Would this basket work well for carrying a DSLR camera along with heavy lens (4-5 lbs)? How thick is the padding?
Can ship to Hong Kong? if yes, how much
will this basket work with a cruiser?
Will it hold a 10 lb doggy?
how do you know what size the small fits? didn't see any chart
Where is the D-ring that you clip your leash to?
i want to order 3 of these but they will all need to be different sizes. how do i measure for the right fit?
I would like the pink one . cant seem to change the color
do you have these in pink as seen in the photos?
where are the measurements?
I used a medium puppia vest for my 10&amp;1/2 lbs shitzu and it fit perfect, but reading the reviews on this puppia, I am not sure of the size
Will a medium be the right size for a 6 lb. Yorkie?
I need to know How wide tHe Collar part is wHere tHe "D" rings are, for dog tag (Collartag ) measurements
My Pomeranian's weigh about 11-13 lbs chest, 16-18in size, neck 12-13in size recommended?
My dog is 11 1/2 lbs. what size?
How do you put it on?
I have a shih-tzu he weights around 9- 10 lbs I measure his neck and is 11inches, chest is 16 inches what size should I get
20 pounds medium dog, what size should purchase?
wellness core original kibble was a little large and texture hard for my beagle. is wellness ocean any smaller, easier to break when chewing?
We have been using your other core product which is also grain free. Do I still need to limit the new flavor and introduce it slowly?
Is this shipped in a carton?
Can it be shipped to the uk
If I order your product what expiration date could I expect on the one I receive. Do you have a standard on expiration dates?
Why is this not shipped into Canada
What are the ingredients in this?
Is this a product you would use outside for cat spray under and around shrubs?
Will it help stop dogs from marking on the same spot? How does it smell? does work on tile floors?
The description says "...plus training aid". What exactly is the training aid?
This item is listed as 4 lbs. But how many fluid ounces are in the bottle?
I would like to know how many pannels are in the pack?
Not sure if this is enough roam/play space for my 4 ferrets? Considering buying the 3 additional panels? More customer images please? :)
Does this include the mat?
How tall is the pen?
What's the bar spacing? Could a hamster escape?
Will this work for dwarf rabbit
Can I take a panel or two out if I need it to be a bit smaller? Easily without tearing them up.
Can ferrets escape from this easily? How many panels is this?
Height extensions? Has anyone successfully stacked two of these pens (overlapping as much as needed)?
What are the dimensions?
Describe the filler? Is it solid foam? Is it shredded foam? Does it lump up or retain its shape? How thick is it?
I have a 75# golden retriever and the sizing is confusing. Anyone have a suggestion on which to order?
We have a Jack Russel Terrier about 22 pounds. She is pushing the weight limit on the small and we was needing some help choosing the correct size?
This bed has an acrid smell. My lungs started burning. They stayed that way for almost an hour. Has anyone experienced this problem?
I have two 10-12lb dachshunds. They like to snuggle together, would the large be a better option for the two of them? should I try 2 small ones?
Just bought the Large Luxury Cozy Cave in Camel this week (12/15/14) for $49. Dogs love so much I need another. Why did the price just go from $49 to $98?
The plastic tubing, holding it open, keeps coming out of it ~ Anyone else having this problem?
If read reviews where the bed is too fluffy. Does the fluffiness pack down evenually? If so, how long did it take to level out?
is this a good sized for 29 inches tall from paws to top of head and 36 inch long from tip of her tail to the nose ?
does cover stay up? i've heard complaints that similar styles..the cover falls flat and pet ends up sleeping on TOP of entire bed including cover
How big is it? I have a 100lb ridgeback
I have a 5 yr old full blood chocolate lab who is destructive to his beds.. He is crate/cage trained so would this fit in his cage
Need to know what the "stuffing" is - is it cedar? foam? plastic particles? Does it hold up?????
I have a 94 lbs Ridgeback and I would like to know if this cozy cave would be big enough for him. Thanks!
eating pellets: Has anyone had any health problems with cats eating the pellets?
this is just a starter kit?
Is this litter box compatible with Feline Pine? Would this box work well with the sawdust that Feline Pine creates?
Have any of you ever reused/washed the pellets? I'm thinking about taking them out once a week and rinsing them in hot water to keep the box pristine!
Has anyone used this for rabbits? Needing a larger litter box with smell obsorption for the urine and this seems ideal.
How often do you change the pellets? The pads?
Has anyone had a problem with the urine smell? I love the litter box, but the smell is terrible! Solutions?
size
After scooping/removing poop, there are dozens of pellets with small amounts of poop smeared on them... Do you leave them or hand pick each one out?
How many bags of the pellets should I be using? I've used 4 bags, but I sometimes feel like it's not enough.
If you do not extend this fully to 70", how well does it hold its position? I don't have room for the full 70" in my closed garage. More like 55".
Has anyone used this over steps? None of the reviews say anything about steps... anyone out there have experience with steps and this ramp?
My ramp no longer telescopes out with ease. What can I do to get it to telescope just with gravity? I have to turn it on its side and pull it out now
What is the width of this ramp?
I have a golden retriever that weighs 130 pounds and is almost 10yrs. Will this ramp work on a side door of a Jeep Cherokee?
Our Saint Bernard was the runt of the litter, and only goes around 160 pounds. Would this be the perfect ramp for him??
Can this ramp be left outside for permanent use? The stairs into our yard are too tough for my Golden.
Will this work on a Suburban?
Will this work with a 2005 Scion XB (front, back or hatchback)?
Has anyone had issues using this ramp on the passenger door whereas the door not opening far enough to accommodate the width of the ramp? I have a 2011 Toyota 4Runner.
This price has to be for 1 bag????
Is there a lid for this product?
is this box big enough for a large cat.. over 15lbs
are the pellets scented?
That "list price" cannot be right, can it? This IS for just ONE, 3.5 pound refill bag, correct? SIX refill bags for $37 from Amazon.
do you ever flush the pellets? would that be bad for our pipes?
That "retail prince" is WRONG - how can we trust you as a seller if you are overstating the price by $121?
Would this product help odor control in a gizmo like the litter robot? By putting it in the drawer where the litter dumps?
Where can I get a scoop? Mine was thrown out by mistake.
This add says you save 93%. Is this a multi pack of pads?
How many pads are included?
Do you have to use the matching pellets and pads or can you use cheaper litter and pads (like doggy pee pads)?
Does anyone find the box too small? I'm particularly worried about the height of the sides as one of my cats raises her hind quarters while peeing!
Worried our kitten may have blood in the urine because the color of it on the liner...does the liner alter the color at all?
How full of pellets should the box be filled? Thanks
I foster kittens. They lick and tase everything at four weeks. Are the pellets harmful?
My cat keeping peeing over the side. How can I train him to hit the target? Or install higher sides?
Does the box for $58 includes pellets and pads?
size
In the customer pic #3 it looks like they have arranged the tree in a different configuration than all the others shown, was this hard? Is it sturdy?
What size cat is this good for? My cat is about 15 lbs.
How does the cat get in the top tier basket thing?
where can i get replacement poles?
Bought one in April 2013 and our cat loved it! Until the it started wobbling &amp; fell over... the top post wasn't sturdy enough. Needs reinforcement.
hi im from ecuador but a have a locker in usa but mi question is if this comes disassembled in a box and weigh as?
Would the cubbies and the plattorms hold large cats? OR is this mor suitable for kittens/small cats?
Is the base actually designed to be put into a corner or can it sit flush against a wall?
How large and heavy are the boxes that it is shipped in?
We are trying to put this together and as we are putting the large platform on it's totally uneven... we followed the directions
Do all of the levels have a "step up" to them, not stacked directly on top? One of my cats is declawed and can't grab onto things to pull herself up.
is it good?
can i get a replacementpart
is carpet preapplied or is applying it part of the assembly?
can I get spare parts
what are the dimensions of the box?
What is the difference between these chews and the PhyCox Max? Has anyone had experience with the Max product, especially as compared to this product?
What are the active ingredients and dosage?
Is this made in the US?
no ingredient list?! why would anyone buy? Why would anyone buy a nutritional supplement without first seeing a list of ingredients?!
I know sometimes the picture is not always what you get but I wanted to know if this is the NEWLY FORMULATED Phycox ONE?
phycox usage with rimadyl usage: I'm wondering if it's safe to give my dog both rimadyl and phycox?
Will I be sent the supplement for large dogs? or are these the small bites?
I see answers here saying that there's 450 mg of Glucosamine, but on the Dechra website the product insert says 500 mg of Glucosamine. Which is it?
Whats the difference between PhyCox and Actistatin? My 100 lb. pup ruptured both his ACL's in the past year, he has been on Actitstatin the last 6 months or so and it does help him but I see PhyCox offers the same results at a more affordable price....
My vet prescribed Rimadyl, which is very expensive! Is this a generic version of Rimadyl, it's a NSAID?
do you put it in ear with cotton ball?
How does this Zymox cleaner compare to Virbac's epi-Otic? Anyone have used both or any preference?
Does this have an odor? If so is it strong?
Is the consistancy of this product like a gel or is it watery?
Can this be used for constant wax buildup (that's like black) for a cat?
i just want to keep it longer . so i want to know what's the expire day
i want to know what's the expire day
Mine wasn't completely sealed, so i returned it and the replacement wasn't sealed either. Has anyone experienced this?
Does this have a drying agent? My vet said I need to make sure ear wash has a way to dry.
My dog has a tiny amount of wax in his ear and does not shake his head often should I get this or the otic solution or both? Cheap brand irritated ear
Has anyone figured out how to get rid of the foul rubber smell from the base? It's a great size bowl and I like the non-skid bottom, but the smell!?
How well does the anti-skid bottom work when using for food dish for large dogs? Surface is wood floor.
What is the thickness of the steel for these bowls ?
Been on amber for 6 weeks very successfully. Started green today and cat peed on it, but pooped elsewhere. What should I do?
For the toilet trained cat owners: Do you find yourself having to wipe the seat each time after they use it? Does the urine spray out of the toilet?
What size toilet does this set fit? The newer style oblong toilets, the old fashioned "round" style or both?
Is this product removable? I only have one toilet; so, I would need to be able to take the system on and off.
Do you know what scooper will work best in it? The regular one we have is too big, and its hard to scoop.
Why does the beginning phase have that raised edge in the center. Our cat doesn't want to use it. The raised edge makes it hard for him to scratch
My cats only pee in the toilet but will not go poo. They are both stuck on the orange stage. What should I do?
What size toilet seat does this fit?
What kind of litter did you use? My cat really likes the clumping litter but the instructions say not to use it.
If I train my cat to use the toilet,will he still use the litterbox if we needed him to? IE, vet stays,camping trips?
MY DOG IS 25LBS CAN SHE USE THE UGODOG?
What is the size of the UGODOG indoor potty
Can much older dogs be trained to it?
What is the best way to get an older (5) dog to use the potty tray? She is used to only going outdoors.
Is it okay to put this outside on the deck?
Will one work for two 4 mo old Lhasa/Apso puppies?
What material is the grate? plastic? If so, how hard? My Dog chews everything. I want to be sure the grate cannot be pulled out by my dog. Hard Shell?
I have a 17lbs shih tzu .. would it work for him? He's paper trainned
See references mainly to puppies or small dogs.I have a 55lb pit bull who has a hard time holding it for long periods of time. Will this work for him
it works for an adult cocker spaniel? or its better use a double pad?
Are these yellow like the original ones?
What are the dimensions of the refill sheet itself - I understand some are smaller than others.
I want a roller refill of long handled 8" roller you rip off one at a time
Can this be used as a refill for the 'Scotch-Brite FurFighter Hair Remover Kit 849SK-5' ?
Does this work on clothing? I have 2 cats and hair on all my slacks and my wool coat, nothing really seems to work!
We currently use a petsafe under ground fence. Does anyone know if the they can tell, the difference between the corrections of a fence and a trainer device?
Is the range truly half mile? And can you use it from inside the house if the dog is outside?
Would this set work with a dog that is 120 pounds +?
If I use both collars at the same time and only want to stimulate 1 dog, is that possible or do both dogs receive stimulation?
Hi, it says on the product description: "Precise stimulation level (0-27)"- Can you confirm that it is actually 0-127?
Does this come with a charger?
Is this one or two collars supplied? Is it expandable?
Flying Air Tran, anyone use this carrier on board and was it acceptable?
I am flying Southwest in 3 weeks with the large carrier. Has it been able to fit under the seat? Their website states that the height can only be 8.5"
will it fit Southwest Airline requirements?
southwest
Is this carrier FAA approved and does it come with a paper saying it?
Where does the pull strap attache?
what are the measurements of the height, widith and length of this carrier?
does it fold flat for storage?
Does this carrier run small
Hello, what is the exact weight of the bag?
I travel with SAS airlines. The allowed dimensions are 16''x10''x9''. Which one should I order?
WILL IT FIT UNDER THE SEAT ON AN AIRPLANE
what are the dimensions of the small pet carrier?
can i use for airplain?
I was given one of the bags and have been trying to find out if you can get a replacement for the fleece bed that attaches with Velcro in the carrier?
IS THIS CAT CARRIER LEAKPROOF
Is the fleece bed machine washable, or only hand washable?
How much does it weigh?
is it airline approved?
Does the inside of the bag have a attachable tether to attach to a dog/cat harness ?
For shipping to FPO will you use USPS?
is it good for a 2year old maltese?
Is it airline approved?
will my 10 pound dog be able to turn around and fit in the small bag?
Does thins fit under an airline seat?
small
Is the samll airline compliant. USAIR gave me the following dimensions 17L X 16W X8H.
does this carrier have a wire frame or something that makes it keep its shape?
I am flying my maltese on an international flight, in cabin. The dimensions Avianca airlines gave me was 16x11x8. Will this work?
Has anyone taken this carrier on Jet Blue? If so, did it fit okay (it seems to fit the specs, but just wanted to confirm).
Can two small dogs (8 lbs. each) fit in the small carrier?
what are dimensions of small bergan comfort soft sided pet carrier, black
US airways states that carriers must be leak proof. Is this leak proof on the bottom?
Does the bottom sag (i.e. is it solid)?
Does this carrier have wheels?
DOES IT WORK ON FLEAS WELL
This Entirely Pets listing on Amazon is probably for 2- 25 inch COLLARS, but it shows two BOXES of 2. Please verify that the price is for 2 collars.
does it kill ticks attached to the dog already?
does wearing this eliminate wearing regular collars
The picture shows it has 2 collars. Is that correct? Two collars for $14.80?
Is the collar adjustable? My dogs neck is about 22" Should I order the 25" collar? Thanks
Has anyone found this collar irritated the dogs necks or caused any allergic skin reaction where the collar is around the neck?
My dog is 29 lbs and is full grown, what size is right for him?
How do I know what size to get our puppies?
How do I know what size to get our puppies?
Hi! Can I request a pink, medium Kong?
What size would I get for a cairn terrier puppy? I did buy one recently but it came xsmall so I gave to my cats and they love it
How do I choose the coloR?
How long does a puppy kong last?8
It doesn't have an option to pick pink or blue? I need a pink one for my girl.
Help, may have bought wrong size. I have a 3 month old Lab mix pup and got a L. She can't get the treats out. What should I try?
Is it a two pack?
What are the ingredients?
is this product made in the USA?
do you give dogs the wafers right before the event (like car trip) or do they take a while to kick in? the instructions don't really say
How do I avoid having the powder inside the capsule turn damp?
Has anyone used these by themselves (without also using furosemide) and seen real results, like reduced hacking from CHF?
Hi there! Im intrigued but everyones responses ... i want to buy ASAP but my concern is my dog refuses to take pills. How are you administering?
This is a free shipping item, but why do I get charged for shipping to Hawaii? Last time I ordered this, I didn't get charged.
Would it b possible for someone to upload a photo of the capsule, next to a tape measure or ruler, so that I can see its actual size? Thank you!
How big is the capsule?
Hi, i just received the Vetri Science cardio - strength, however there isn't an expiry date to it?
How can you tell if this contains ubiquinol or ubiquinone? The first of those two is better. The label only says Coenzyme Q10. Anybody know?
What is the mg on this bottle? 5mg per pill?
I've noticed a lot of people mention their dog not being able to lay down with very much room in a medium and their dogs seem to be quite small. My dog weigh almost 9lbs and I was going to order the medium but now I'm considering ordering the large...
I have a 30 pound Scottish terrier. Would the large size be big enough. He has such short legs but wants to see out of the window.
What are the inside dimensions of this seat and will it fit in a Lincoln MKZ Front bucket seat? I have the smaller one now but the actual inside measu
Is this for 2 dogs that each weigh up to 25 pounds, or for 2 dogs with a combined total weigh of 25 pounds&gt;
height
Has anyone used this with 2 dachshunds? My little guys are only 12 pounds each, but with their long frames I wonder if both would fit comfortably
Can my dog lay down ...I have a 13 pound chihuahua mix and she has a long body
Hi,could 2 chihuahuas fit in the small size? Thanks
How high does it elevate the dog above the seat? I have a 6 pound dog and am afraid he won't be able to see out.
Does this booster easily install? The front seat needs to be shared, so I'm looking for something I ca easily move in and out. Thanks.
I've noticed a lot of people mention their dog not being able to lay down with very much room in a medium and their dogs seem to be quite small. My dog weigh almost 9lbs and I was going to order the medium but now I'm considering ordering the large...
I have a 30 pound Scottish terrier. Would the large size be big enough. He has such short legs but wants to see out of the window.
What are the inside dimensions of this seat and will it fit in a Lincoln MKZ Front bucket seat? I have the smaller one now but the actual inside measu
Is this for 2 dogs that each weigh up to 25 pounds, or for 2 dogs with a combined total weigh of 25 pounds&gt;
height
Has anyone used this with 2 dachshunds? My little guys are only 12 pounds each, but with their long frames I wonder if both would fit comfortably
Can my dog lay down ...I have a 13 pound chihuahua mix and she has a long body
Hi,could 2 chihuahuas fit in the small size? Thanks
How high does it elevate the dog above the seat? I have a 6 pound dog and am afraid he won't be able to see out.
Does this booster easily install? The front seat needs to be shared, so I'm looking for something I ca easily move in and out. Thanks.
I've noticed a lot of people mention their dog not being able to lay down with very much room in a medium and their dogs seem to be quite small. My dog weigh almost 9lbs and I was going to order the medium but now I'm considering ordering the large...
I have a 30 pound Scottish terrier. Would the large size be big enough. He has such short legs but wants to see out of the window.
What are the inside dimensions of this seat and will it fit in a Lincoln MKZ Front bucket seat? I have the smaller one now but the actual inside measu
Is this for 2 dogs that each weigh up to 25 pounds, or for 2 dogs with a combined total weigh of 25 pounds&gt;
height
Has anyone used this with 2 dachshunds? My little guys are only 12 pounds each, but with their long frames I wonder if both would fit comfortably
Can my dog lay down ...I have a 13 pound chihuahua mix and she has a long body
Hi,could 2 chihuahuas fit in the small size? Thanks
How high does it elevate the dog above the seat? I have a 6 pound dog and am afraid he won't be able to see out.
Does this booster easily install? The front seat needs to be shared, so I'm looking for something I ca easily move in and out. Thanks.
Are the dimensions advertised without sides expanded?
can this be used to carry a pet on a bike
I have 2 cats one is 17 lbs the other is 12 lbs will they both fit in this carrier to take to the Vet's?
will Alaska Airlines accept the Igo2 Traveler pet carrier for under seats?
Can this carrier fit under airline seats
How deep is the floor of the carrier? Is it padded?
How good is the "Included tether can be attached to your pet's harness for extra safety?" I want to leave carrier open while in car but still secure.
can you carry a 20 pound dog in this acrrier
Can it be buckled into a car seatbelt?
How can I stop the bottom from buckling under my cat (12lbs)?
I've noticed a lot of people mention their dog not being able to lay down with very much room in a medium and their dogs seem to be quite small. My dog weigh almost 9lbs and I was going to order the medium but now I'm considering ordering the large...
I have a 30 pound Scottish terrier. Would the large size be big enough. He has such short legs but wants to see out of the window.
What are the inside dimensions of this seat and will it fit in a Lincoln MKZ Front bucket seat? I have the smaller one now but the actual inside measu
Is this for 2 dogs that each weigh up to 25 pounds, or for 2 dogs with a combined total weigh of 25 pounds&gt;
height
Has anyone used this with 2 dachshunds? My little guys are only 12 pounds each, but with their long frames I wonder if both would fit comfortably
Can my dog lay down ...I have a 13 pound chihuahua mix and she has a long body
Hi,could 2 chihuahuas fit in the small size? Thanks
How high does it elevate the dog above the seat? I have a 6 pound dog and am afraid he won't be able to see out.
Does this booster easily install? The front seat needs to be shared, so I'm looking for something I ca easily move in and out. Thanks.
I've noticed a lot of people mention their dog not being able to lay down with very much room in a medium and their dogs seem to be quite small. My dog weigh almost 9lbs and I was going to order the medium but now I'm considering ordering the large...
I have a 30 pound Scottish terrier. Would the large size be big enough. He has such short legs but wants to see out of the window.
What are the inside dimensions of this seat and will it fit in a Lincoln MKZ Front bucket seat? I have the smaller one now but the actual inside measu
Is this for 2 dogs that each weigh up to 25 pounds, or for 2 dogs with a combined total weigh of 25 pounds&gt;
height
Has anyone used this with 2 dachshunds? My little guys are only 12 pounds each, but with their long frames I wonder if both would fit comfortably
Can my dog lay down ...I have a 13 pound chihuahua mix and she has a long body
Hi,could 2 chihuahuas fit in the small size? Thanks
How high does it elevate the dog above the seat? I have a 6 pound dog and am afraid he won't be able to see out.
Does this booster easily install? The front seat needs to be shared, so I'm looking for something I ca easily move in and out. Thanks.
Is the base and sides of the bag pliable/bendable or is it a hard case? Will they bend to fit underneath the seat of an airplane?
Is it approved for American airline?
Does this Backpack have a 2-way zipper or 1-way zipper on the back?
Does this fit TSA guidelines? Will it fit under the seat of an airplane?
is it a back pack w/shoulder straps?
will a 20 to 25 lbs french bulldog fit in this?
I've noticed a lot of people mention their dog not being able to lay down with very much room in a medium and their dogs seem to be quite small. My dog weigh almost 9lbs and I was going to order the medium but now I'm considering ordering the large...
I have a 30 pound Scottish terrier. Would the large size be big enough. He has such short legs but wants to see out of the window.
What are the inside dimensions of this seat and will it fit in a Lincoln MKZ Front bucket seat? I have the smaller one now but the actual inside measu
Is this for 2 dogs that each weigh up to 25 pounds, or for 2 dogs with a combined total weigh of 25 pounds&gt;
height
Has anyone used this with 2 dachshunds? My little guys are only 12 pounds each, but with their long frames I wonder if both would fit comfortably
Can my dog lay down ...I have a 13 pound chihuahua mix and she has a long body
Hi,could 2 chihuahuas fit in the small size? Thanks
How high does it elevate the dog above the seat? I have a 6 pound dog and am afraid he won't be able to see out.
Does this booster easily install? The front seat needs to be shared, so I'm looking for something I ca easily move in and out. Thanks.
I've noticed a lot of people mention their dog not being able to lay down with very much room in a medium and their dogs seem to be quite small. My dog weigh almost 9lbs and I was going to order the medium but now I'm considering ordering the large...
I have a 30 pound Scottish terrier. Would the large size be big enough. He has such short legs but wants to see out of the window.
What are the inside dimensions of this seat and will it fit in a Lincoln MKZ Front bucket seat? I have the smaller one now but the actual inside measu
Is this for 2 dogs that each weigh up to 25 pounds, or for 2 dogs with a combined total weigh of 25 pounds&gt;
height
Has anyone used this with 2 dachshunds? My little guys are only 12 pounds each, but with their long frames I wonder if both would fit comfortably
Can my dog lay down ...I have a 13 pound chihuahua mix and she has a long body
Hi,could 2 chihuahuas fit in the small size? Thanks
How high does it elevate the dog above the seat? I have a 6 pound dog and am afraid he won't be able to see out.
Does this booster easily install? The front seat needs to be shared, so I'm looking for something I ca easily move in and out. Thanks.
I've noticed a lot of people mention their dog not being able to lay down with very much room in a medium and their dogs seem to be quite small. My dog weigh almost 9lbs and I was going to order the medium but now I'm considering ordering the large...
I have a 30 pound Scottish terrier. Would the large size be big enough. He has such short legs but wants to see out of the window.
What are the inside dimensions of this seat and will it fit in a Lincoln MKZ Front bucket seat? I have the smaller one now but the actual inside measu
Is this for 2 dogs that each weigh up to 25 pounds, or for 2 dogs with a combined total weigh of 25 pounds&gt;
height
Has anyone used this with 2 dachshunds? My little guys are only 12 pounds each, but with their long frames I wonder if both would fit comfortably
Can my dog lay down ...I have a 13 pound chihuahua mix and she has a long body
Hi,could 2 chihuahuas fit in the small size? Thanks
How high does it elevate the dog above the seat? I have a 6 pound dog and am afraid he won't be able to see out.
Does this booster easily install? The front seat needs to be shared, so I'm looking for something I ca easily move in and out. Thanks.
How many cups are the large dishes?
What is the measurement of the round openings for the bowls? I'd like to use our existing slow-feeder bowl in one of the holders.
over time, does the plastic become "grungy" from water spilled and calcified?
does anyone know if replacement bowls are available? I'd like to have an extra one or two to use while the others are being cleaned.
Is it easy to remove the legs to store underneath? I'm looking for something more compact for traveling, etc...Thanks!
what are the dimensions of the feeder please ?
What is the diameter of the bowl openings on the large sized feeder? I'm trying to compare to my current stainless steel bowl sizes.
What is the height of the bowls? How many ounces does each bowl hold?
hello, would you please give me the total width, height, and length of this item (size : Large), thanks!
Ref : Large Size : Thank for your reply ,you inform that "It' s 18 tall and 11 inches wide" please inform us for length also ,thanks.
Are they made in the USA?
how many milligrams of glucosamine and chondroitin are in each tab?
Hi, is there any one who can tell me where to find the expiration date on the bottle? Thanks a lot!!!
Are these the same as the 45 count Hip and Joint chicken flavored chews that are bone-shaped and chewy? This bottle of 120 says chewable TABLETS.
Is it easy to break the tablets in half or does it require a pill cutter? We have 2 small dogs so would only need 1/2 per day.
Are these soft chews, or harder pill?
Does this product still have Nutmeg? Nutmeg is toxic to dogs.
when is the expire day?
Can anyone verify if there is salt in the tablets?
how many mg per tablet?
Is this crate collaspable?
Would two 10lb cats be able to fit into this?
do you ship usps or fed ex
What are you supposed to do with the extra metal parts that come with the crate? I can't figure it out. Thanks!
Is this easy to install in the back seat of a pick-up truck/cub cab
The pic makes it look like it has feet on the bottom - does it?
Would this be large enough to comfortably accomodate 2 medium sized cats?
I can not tell by the image but does the top of the carrier open
Are there loops on the inside to hang a hammock? Also, is there a place to secure with seatbelt in car?
Can a 23lbs cockerpoo fit nicely in this crate?
how do you put it together
Has anyone taken this carrier on a plane? Will it fit under the seat, and is it somewhat flexible so you can "smoosh" the top down a bit if needed?
Does it come with a shoulder strap?
Demensions???
is it 16 inches inside or outside measurement? is the 16" big enough for a 12 lb average sized cat?
I have had this bed for a little over one year and the heating element has started buzzing, wondering if I should replace it
is the bed height of the sage bed the same or shorter than the mocha bed?
How long is the electrical cord for this item?
Trying to figure out if its working properly. I feel the heat from the bottom of the bed but no warmth from the top. Should I return and reorder?
I read in the reviews that the Sage/Tan bed walls are not as high or as washable as the Mocha/Tan bed. Is this true?
What's the best size for a cat?
has anybody used this bed for a small dog?
What voltage does the bed use?
Which bed is best bed for cleaning cat hair?
Would this feeder work o.k. for feeding our ferral outside cats?
Does the plastic container come off easy? I had one and my dog's head got stuck and I had to cut off the container.
Can I control the amount of food that is dispensed and the times that it happens?
It says dish washer safe. Does that mean top shelf, as many plastics are, is it better too hand wash?
Anyone know if ants can get in it? I need to use it for an outside cat and I'm afraid the ants will consume more than the kitty!
Could this double as an auto waterer. not just for food?
Does this ship to Sitka Alaska?
Does this come with a thermostat? If so can it be bypassed so that I can use an external thermostat?
what is the voltage?
This description shows this is a large but the pic shows a medium? Will I get the large?
How warm to the touch? I'm not sure mine is working properly and I don't want to install it.
Is this product Underrighter laborities (UL) listed?
What is the heater wattage at 120 volts?
can this be used on the inside of an enclosure? i have a wood tank for my snake and am looking for somethingt that can be used inside my tank
Can this be used with a plastic tote?
My dogs love to lay down in the car but I still would like to keep them safe. Is there enough give in this harness for them to be able to lay down?
My dog's neck is 16" but girth is 28", 50 lbs. I think the large would be better than the medium?
Do I need to buy anything else for this harness for the car or is everything included?
Has anyone been in an accident when their dog was restrained in this harness? What was the result? Was the dog unharmed?
What size for a dalmation whose neck is 17" and chest is almost 28'?
My dog is an escape artist and has managed to teach the other two how to get out of the harness. Is yours more 'escape proof'? Medium sized 30# dog.
How do the buckles connect? Are they the type you just push one side into the other and it snaps (plastic), like some backpacks? Is it easy on &amp; off?
Part 2 of ?: My rescue dog is reactive to dogs and claws at the windows. Will the harness limit movement to the window?
Can you use this in a front bucket seat? She likes to be up front with me, but I don't want her on my lap which is where she like to be.
Is there a place to attach an ID?
My dogs love to lay down in the car but I still would like to keep them safe. Is there enough give in this harness for them to be able to lay down?
My dog's neck is 16" but girth is 28", 50 lbs. I think the large would be better than the medium?
Do I need to buy anything else for this harness for the car or is everything included?
Has anyone been in an accident when their dog was restrained in this harness? What was the result? Was the dog unharmed?
What size for a dalmation whose neck is 17" and chest is almost 28'?
My dog is an escape artist and has managed to teach the other two how to get out of the harness. Is yours more 'escape proof'? Medium sized 30# dog.
How do the buckles connect? Are they the type you just push one side into the other and it snaps (plastic), like some backpacks? Is it easy on &amp; off?
Part 2 of ?: My rescue dog is reactive to dogs and claws at the windows. Will the harness limit movement to the window?
Can you use this in a front bucket seat? She likes to be up front with me, but I don't want her on my lap which is where she like to be.
Is there a place to attach an ID?
Since this is made out of canvas, won't the leather seats get scratched up over time where the two meet?
Does it handle a dog running back and forth to each window? will it stay in place?
We got our hammock yesterday and it smells so badly like gasoline. I have washed it on gentle cycle with cold water; odor still there. HELP
Can I use this with my car that does not have rear headrests?
Who has used this door in a cold winter climate? I am in Denver and want something effective in our winter months.
What is the flap size? Everything I read says they're for extra large dogs but then the flap size is only 10x15! we have mastiffs!
I have a Golden Retriever that weighs 90 lbs. Will he fit through this door?
What is the width of the doors? I don't have sliders, I do have 24" x 79" removable widows beside my french doors. I will likely buildup one side.
What is the width of the whole panel. I use my door for access to my deck and need to squeeze by. Is it easily removable if I can't squeeze through
Will it let the dog out and keep the cat in?
what is the height from the floor to the door opening ?
My door is 92 inches high but my dogs are two small Pugs. What door will it this need? Thanks
Is this a perminant doggie door or can it be used as a temporary door?
I have a lab who is a probably 120 pounds pretty big for his breed i tried another product already and he couldnt fit through it would this one work?
Who has used this door in a cold winter climate? I am in Denver and want something effective in our winter months.
What is the flap size? Everything I read says they're for extra large dogs but then the flap size is only 10x15! we have mastiffs!
I have a Golden Retriever that weighs 90 lbs. Will he fit through this door?
What is the width of the doors? I don't have sliders, I do have 24" x 79" removable widows beside my french doors. I will likely buildup one side.
What is the width of the whole panel. I use my door for access to my deck and need to squeeze by. Is it easily removable if I can't squeeze through
Will it let the dog out and keep the cat in?
what is the height from the floor to the door opening ?
My door is 92 inches high but my dogs are two small Pugs. What door will it this need? Thanks
Is this a perminant doggie door or can it be used as a temporary door?
I have a lab who is a probably 120 pounds pretty big for his breed i tried another product already and he couldnt fit through it would this one work?
authenticity: Does anyone have concerns about product authenticity if not purchasing from a vet?
Amazon packet was noticibly smaller than the one I got from my vet. Also the substance from vet was white Amazon's was brown? What color should it be
Will the live cultures die if not kept cold? I live where it is about 100 degrees F outside this time of year so would having this shipped kill it?
do you need a perscription from the vet
Where is this made?
If I order today what would the date be on the box
Can I give a whole packet to a small dog---17 lbs?
Do picky eaters like the flavor, &amp; what is the approximate measurement of the product that is in each dose/packet?
Is this product safe for puppies 15-16 weeks old (26lb labrador retriever)?
Why not Free Shipping?
My dogs love to lay down in the car but I still would like to keep them safe. Is there enough give in this harness for them to be able to lay down?
My dog's neck is 16" but girth is 28", 50 lbs. I think the large would be better than the medium?
Do I need to buy anything else for this harness for the car or is everything included?
Has anyone been in an accident when their dog was restrained in this harness? What was the result? Was the dog unharmed?
What size for a dalmation whose neck is 17" and chest is almost 28'?
My dog is an escape artist and has managed to teach the other two how to get out of the harness. Is yours more 'escape proof'? Medium sized 30# dog.
How do the buckles connect? Are they the type you just push one side into the other and it snaps (plastic), like some backpacks? Is it easy on &amp; off?
Part 2 of ?: My rescue dog is reactive to dogs and claws at the windows. Will the harness limit movement to the window?
Can you use this in a front bucket seat? She likes to be up front with me, but I don't want her on my lap which is where she like to be.
Is there a place to attach an ID?
The pic does not have the word Probiotic on the box like what I got from the vet. Is it the same product?
What are the ingredients?
Read that fortiflora feline works wonders for diarrhea. How long does it take for product to work?
I have 5 cats and have tried fortiflora before. What size of packets should I order to test the product again?
Is this more paatable sprinkled on dry food, rather than wet? Suggestions for which works better? Thanks!
Geez, I wish the character limit wasn't so harsh! Ok, lovely people: differences suspicious? Possibly counterfeit product? Help! THANKS!
how should I store an opened packet of Purina Fortiflora? ziploc? in the refrigerator?
Will you combine shipping charges on multiples of this item? If so, how?
Order just came. This box says best before "JUL 27 2015". Box bought in Nov. 13 didn't include day in b.b. date. What about yours?
I have 3 cats and only one is having a problem. if a cat who don't needs this product eat some of the food that has the product in it - what happens?
Who has used this door in a cold winter climate? I am in Denver and want something effective in our winter months.
What is the flap size? Everything I read says they're for extra large dogs but then the flap size is only 10x15! we have mastiffs!
I have a Golden Retriever that weighs 90 lbs. Will he fit through this door?
What is the width of the doors? I don't have sliders, I do have 24" x 79" removable widows beside my french doors. I will likely buildup one side.
What is the width of the whole panel. I use my door for access to my deck and need to squeeze by. Is it easily removable if I can't squeeze through
Will it let the dog out and keep the cat in?
what is the height from the floor to the door opening ?
My door is 92 inches high but my dogs are two small Pugs. What door will it this need? Thanks
Is this a perminant doggie door or can it be used as a temporary door?
I have a lab who is a probably 120 pounds pretty big for his breed i tried another product already and he couldnt fit through it would this one work?
Who has used this door in a cold winter climate? I am in Denver and want something effective in our winter months.
What is the flap size? Everything I read says they're for extra large dogs but then the flap size is only 10x15! we have mastiffs!
I have a Golden Retriever that weighs 90 lbs. Will he fit through this door?
What is the width of the doors? I don't have sliders, I do have 24" x 79" removable widows beside my french doors. I will likely buildup one side.
What is the width of the whole panel. I use my door for access to my deck and need to squeeze by. Is it easily removable if I can't squeeze through
Will it let the dog out and keep the cat in?
what is the height from the floor to the door opening ?
My door is 92 inches high but my dogs are two small Pugs. What door will it this need? Thanks
Is this a perminant doggie door or can it be used as a temporary door?
I have a lab who is a probably 120 pounds pretty big for his breed i tried another product already and he couldnt fit through it would this one work?
Who has used this door in a cold winter climate? I am in Denver and want something effective in our winter months.
What is the flap size? Everything I read says they're for extra large dogs but then the flap size is only 10x15! we have mastiffs!
I have a Golden Retriever that weighs 90 lbs. Will he fit through this door?
What is the width of the doors? I don't have sliders, I do have 24" x 79" removable widows beside my french doors. I will likely buildup one side.
What is the width of the whole panel. I use my door for access to my deck and need to squeeze by. Is it easily removable if I can't squeeze through
Will it let the dog out and keep the cat in?
what is the height from the floor to the door opening ?
My door is 92 inches high but my dogs are two small Pugs. What door will it this need? Thanks
Is this a perminant doggie door or can it be used as a temporary door?
I have a lab who is a probably 120 pounds pretty big for his breed i tried another product already and he couldnt fit through it would this one work?
Who has used this door in a cold winter climate? I am in Denver and want something effective in our winter months.
What is the flap size? Everything I read says they're for extra large dogs but then the flap size is only 10x15! we have mastiffs!
I have a Golden Retriever that weighs 90 lbs. Will he fit through this door?
What is the width of the doors? I don't have sliders, I do have 24" x 79" removable widows beside my french doors. I will likely buildup one side.
What is the width of the whole panel. I use my door for access to my deck and need to squeeze by. Is it easily removable if I can't squeeze through
Will it let the dog out and keep the cat in?
what is the height from the floor to the door opening ?
My door is 92 inches high but my dogs are two small Pugs. What door will it this need? Thanks
Is this a perminant doggie door or can it be used as a temporary door?
I have a lab who is a probably 120 pounds pretty big for his breed i tried another product already and he couldnt fit through it would this one work?
What did you use as a stand?
For those of you that have joined 2 together. What did you use to make it secure and to avoid substrate leaking out?
what kind of wood is it
what kind of wood is it made of
What kind of stand did you use to put this on? I see there isn't one made for this! Zoo Med missed the ball on that!
Can the heat lamps rest directly on the metal cage top?
What is the bottom made out of? Can it be used as an inside habitat for a russian tortoise?
How big is the screened top?
Can the sleeping area be locked as well? Can it be locked with a masterlock type lock or is there some kind of special lock that you need to use?
How wide across is the entrance hole to the "sleeping area"?
Would this product also work for a Leopard Gecko, does it have fencing around the wooden frame, for climbing?
For almost 100 bucks , is this worth it ?
is there a screen on the bottom? Any issues with tortoises digging under? Thank you in advance
what are the ingredients in this product
Does it state on the bag where these snacks were made? Thanks!
WHAT IS THE EXPIRATION DATE?
are they good for cleaning teeth as well as being a treat?
What size tube lights work with this canopy?
My EXO-TERRA SMALL/TALL PT2607 Advanced Glass Reptile Habitat 18x18x 24" has a plastic divider in the middle of the screen top enclosure. Just how exactly is this Halogen Bulb Heat Lamp suppose to work from the middle of the fixture when it'll be...
So the question answered what size florescent bulb is used with this fixture has contrary answers. Some say 15" fluorescent bulbs others say its the 18" bulb. So which is it, 15" or 18" fluorescent bulb for the 18" lighting hood.
Do the lights come with the fixture or are they purchased separately?
Will this work on an Exo-Terra 36x18x18 terrarium?
What would be the maxim size bulb this fixture can have?
is there a option for only using a section at a time? for example use 2 lights for day and only 1 for night.
Would this work well on a Reptology tank? The detentions are 23.5W x 18.75D x 17.5H
I wonder if this four LB. light fixture is too heavy to be placed atop the Extra Large ZM Repti-Breeze?
Can you use this with day time heating bulb? ...Something like a 75w basking bulb? I'm wanting to use two UVB lights and a basking bulb in it.
Will this be ok on a high humidity tank? Our baby boa is kept around 90% humidity.
Does the fixture come with the light bulbs?
Will the mini fit a Exo-Terra tank that the dimensions are 12" 12" by 18" ?
which size do I get for the 12x12x12 terrium? The sizes are mini, small, medium, large, nano. I'm not sure if I need to get mini or small...Thanks
Will this perfectly fit the 12x12x12 exo terra terranium?
Does this include the bulbs?
Bulbs? Does this hood come with the bulb????
I bought the Exoterra 36x18x12 large long terrarium. what size fixture should I get for a bearded dragon? Any pearls of wisdom with lighting? Thanks
Should I get the small or mini for the Exo Terra short 18 x 18 x 12 terrarium? First time baby ball python owner.
In a 36 18 18 w this type of light fixture - can I use a basking bulb on one side w a uvb inc on the same side.
I have the 18" x 18" x 24" ET terrarium and was wondering if two of the SMALL compact fixtures would be overkill when used side by side with compact fluorescent bulbs? I'm thinking of getting some kind of Boa, probably Brazilian. So what are the...
Which fixture should be used for a exo terra 18" w x 18" w x 24" h terrarium? the small or the medium one ?
should i get a medium or small for 18x18x24 tank
Will this work safely in high humidity applications like aquariums?
My compact top keeps blowing out bulbs and the unit itself has actually melted! Now needs replacing. Don't know what to buy. Is this normal?
How much room is there between the bulb socket and the end of the inside of the canopy? I'd like to use 13W LED downlights for a planted vivarium.
Has anyone noticed that this dual incandescent lighting fixture has insufficient wattage to get enough lumens the bottom of this 24" enclosure?
Who has used this door in a cold winter climate? I am in Denver and want something effective in our winter months.
What is the flap size? Everything I read says they're for extra large dogs but then the flap size is only 10x15! we have mastiffs!
I have a Golden Retriever that weighs 90 lbs. Will he fit through this door?
What is the width of the doors? I don't have sliders, I do have 24" x 79" removable widows beside my french doors. I will likely buildup one side.
What is the width of the whole panel. I use my door for access to my deck and need to squeeze by. Is it easily removable if I can't squeeze through
Will it let the dog out and keep the cat in?
what is the height from the floor to the door opening ?
My door is 92 inches high but my dogs are two small Pugs. What door will it this need? Thanks
Is this a perminant doggie door or can it be used as a temporary door?
I have a lab who is a probably 120 pounds pretty big for his breed i tried another product already and he couldnt fit through it would this one work?
I just received my bottle and it had absolutly no directions on it, just warnings about not getting in your eyes or on you or you pets. How do I use?
Can you spray it on your clothes?
how long do u have to stay out of the house
How long does the product last ? A couple of days ?
How does the ramp hold on to the surface? I'm considering this for the dive platform of my boat so that my dog can get in and out of the water.
Do you think my 100-pound golden retriever would be able to get up in the back seat of a Ford F150 crew cab with this ramp?
How much does it weigh?
Could ramp possibly be used over a small stairway? My dog injured his ACL and I need to carry him out to the street. He's only 35 lbs.
I want to put this outside on a low wooden deck about 1-2 feet high. Do you think it will stay in place with a 20lb doxie walking on it?
Can this be left outdoors in the rain in Florida?
Can this work with anold husky on a Subaru outback
Will this work in a sedan (the back door)?
How can I tell if this will work for the back of my ford Edge? Is there a way to measure?
What is the width of this ramp
Is it EITHER 48 or 87 long, or can you adjust it to any length in between? Anything to help keep the lower end from sliding on a wood floor?
What sort of non-slip material is used to keep the ramp held securely to the vehicle?
Does this ramp hook to a tailgate, or is it just able to hook to a bumper?
Has anyone use this for an RV. It will go over two steps.
I have a 170 lb English Mastiff. Is this ramp- when extended to its full length- sturdy? Does it 'bounce" when walking on it?
After using this frequently (daily) does it ever become drudgery? Do you hesitate before outings, knowing that you'll have to drag it out and put it
What is the best way to get your dog used to the stairs or ramp
Will this ramp work over stairs? I have 3 steps that need the ramp access. If so, how do you secure the top of the ramp to the existing staircase?
can this be kept outside? want to use it over part of my deck steps for the dogs
How easy is it to fold up and how much space does it use up in the back of the SUV? More than an average sized suitcase?
Is it possible to remove the wheels at times so it can be used in the car as a carrier?
Is the bicycle conversion included?
I just received my stroller kit. Was very excited. However as soon as I started walking the front tire started wobbling. Any ideas?
I want to put this on a sliding door and am wondering if the handle has a snap so that i could open it up and close it to fit on that door handle...
Any suggestions on how to keep the ribbon on the doorknob without tape?
how loud is the bell? Can you hear it if you are in another room?
Since there is a warning for "choking hazard" for children, has anyone had experience with the dog eating the bells?
I didn't see instructions with my purchase...Can someone please provide them - post them...Thank you!
Would it ring every time I open the door? (Like if I go home and walk into the house, would it ring when I open the door?)
are the bells loud enough to be heard in a 2 story house
Have a 3 yr old little dog and live in apartment. Need a better way for him to tell me he needs to go out! Any experience with this?
does it really work?
Any tips for a pup that jingles the bells too often? She does it every 5-10 minutes! I take her out on a leash, no play, &amp; come right back inside.
How is this an 11.1 lb bag but it has a shipping weight of 8.8 lbs?
What's the crude protein percentage?
Where are the ingredients in Merrick BG from?
is it normal for there to be lots of tiny specks in the the food? some dust size some slitely bigger
What are the calories per cup?
why doesn't merrick bother to list the ingredients here?
This looks like a very healthy cat food for a great price. The only odd thing I noticed is that taurine is not added, isn't that necessary for cats?
What is the percentage of carbohydrates?
Are ANY of the ingredients from China? their dog food says "no ingredients from china" but the cat food doesn't say that...anyone know for sure?
what are the calorie and protein %?
Does this product works like Clavamox?
What is the difference between the regular and the plus other than the price?
is this for inching
Does this need to be refrigerated once it's opened or can it be stored at room temperature and kept for later uses?
does it have alcohol and garlic in it?
Is this for birds
does it have alcohol and garlic in it?
does it kill hook worms
What are the ingredients?
What is the shelf life for Vibactra? I see I can save some money buying the 4 oz, but I don't want it to go bad before I can use it up
How do they work?? Seems like the water would over flow is there a shut off valve in it or something. I don't want to have to remember to turn the water off
Can you share this with the water supply that the refrigerator uses?
Anyone had trouble with mold growing in this bowl/have ideas of how to prevent it? This is the only problem we have, but haven't had with other bowls.
What is the exact size of the opening from which the dog drinks? I need to keep long ears on the outside of the bowl.
Can this be set in a wall?, or fence?..
Can this be used for larger animals like sheep, goats and horses? I used to use the galvanized one, same size, all my animals learned to use it, but t
I bought H2O Animal Hydration Aqua Buddy 2-Quart Homelife Series Automatic Waterer and the water do not pass throughtout the hole. It hole is very small and the water do not pass and fall down in the floor, what can I do in order to use it.
where can I get parts
Bark Collar: Does it work with dogs that have a lot of hair?
How can you test the collar to see if it is working? I have a sports model that I put on my arm and push the button. Do I have to hold it on my neck?
Will this collar go off with a growl? Our dog talks to us with a series of growl-like sounds. Will the collar stop this (I hope not.) in addition to barking?
I just received my collar but there was no instruction manual in the box, how am I supposed to use it. Not real happy.
My dog is epileptic but barks a lot at night, he weights 15lb, can I use this on him?
We have 2 dogs. If one barks, will the sound cause the other dog to get shocked?
My dogs like to "talk" to each other and us. Will this collar stop that? I would prefer it did not.
How small of a dog can it fit? Will it fit a small yorkie?
Can the module me moved to another collar? Hi, Hard to tell from the photos but most of these bark collars can be disconnected from the collar and connected to a different collar if you wish...Can this one be taken off the collar?
Does this work with small dogs?
Are these made in china?
Are these bones made in the USA?
Is the price of 8.99 for three bags of the 6-7 inch bones? How many bones are in each bag? Looking forward to your response,
how long/deep are the fine pitch threads that go into a faucet?
Is this the same adapter that comes with the full kit?
IS THIS THE PART THAT THE HOSE FITS INTO?
can it be attached to a hose bibb or water hose?
will this fit a Delta Signature Series faucet? I bought a Marina Aqua Vac and it doesn't fit this kitchen faucet
Does this tank maintain humidity well? I'm planning on using it for my hermit crabs.
would it hold water
Does petco still have the $1 a gallon sale because if it does 20 gallon aquarium and a wire lid for me.
would this be good for a blue tongue skink
Has arm and hammer bought out feline pine? I can only find arm and hammer feline pine in my stores. Formula is different though and my cats hate it.
Pictured is a 20lb bag, but the title describes a 40lb bag. Do we get two bags? Or are you accounting for the 'absorbency' of the product?
What kind of a scoop do you use to remove the poop? Pellets are too large to fall through the scoop I use.
Is it delivered directly to your home or do you have to pick it up at the ups wearhouse?
Feline Pine users. Is feline pine cat litter better than just using Wood Pellets? Wood pellets cost about $6.00 per 40 lb. bag.
Can i use this for composting? (Is it natural untreated sawdust pellets with nothing added?)
does feline pine still have the saw dust kind my cat and I like it but I can't find it anywhere anymore
which scooper is good with this type of litter?
Is this septic safe?
Is this made out of reclaimed waste material?
what heater works 50 or 100 watt
What kind of light does this tank have?
does the hood come with it
How much fish food/water conditioner is included? What kind of food/conditioner is it?
What size of filter cartridge does the filter use? (Ex: small, medium, large)
How big is this tank, 10 gallons, or 10 liters or what?
I have limited height space available. Does the 12.6" height include the hood?
does it comes with a hetter and a fillet bult in to it
for the reviewers who report "Bad suction" or "good suction" - can you tell me what kind of bowl you are using? I have stainless steel bowls...
I have a flat nosed small dog ( 8lbs). ( Japanese Chin) Does anyone experience with a flat nosed dog?
I have a 7 inch dog bowl, should I get the small or medium? I don't want it to be too big or too small.
Our gobble stopper has a really bad chemical-y smell. Is this made in China? Has anyone else noticed the smell?? It's really bad.
Can this work for non-kibble? Like canned or homemade food
would this works for cats?
Is this the same as the regular green Squeak Air tennis balls? Or is it cheaper-grade material?
Whats the diameter?
Anyone know where they are made? I know the stuffy kongs are here in good ole' USA..... Thanks!
are these the same size as a regular tennis ball?
Are these big enough for a 50-pound lab? Regular tennis balls are big enough for her, but I see some saying these are smaller.
my Lab peels tennis balls like an orange... is this more sturdy since its a Kong?
Does it have a consistent bounce?
Does it have a real squeak or does it just squeak air?
Are these easier to squeak than the regular squeaky Kong tennis balls? (My spaniel-mix has trouble squeaking those, though he tries often)
Is it durable?
can an african grey fit in it
How much of the 53 inch heighth is cage only?
How many doors are in this cage and do the feed/water bowls have a their own doors to hang in?
My bottom plastic tray doesn't fit on the assembled cage. All the parts fit and work perfectly, but the tray just falls down.
Possible to combine 2 of these cages?
Can the bottom grate be removed so my birds can walk on the bottom plastic pan? If yes, does it leave space to outside? I do not like wire grates.
I need a replacement tray for this cage, where can I find this?
Would this be a good cage for two rats? One is a small hairless and the other is a larger dumbo. Both are female so they are on the smaller side.
I need to purchase a seed catcher. How do I know which size/what will fit? I have several happy cockatiels.
Would this cage be suitable for 4 cockatiels?
Is there a cheaper way to replace the media? I can't find any media filter bag that is small enough.
Has anyone used this with a full grown Chinese water dragon??? I have a 25 gallon swimming pool and the smaller TC 30 turtle filter can't keep up....
Can this handle two red ear slider turtles around 5 inches in length?
Will this fit a 10 gallon tank?
I just installed this in my tank. I have the spray bar underwater, though, is this OK? Or does it need to be above the water?
Will filter work if tilted horizontally, as in a very small tank?
I have one sort of large gold fish in a 3 gallon tank. The water gets dirty so fast. How long will this filter help keep the water cleaner
I have this filter, can someone point me in the direction of finding replacement cartridges for it? Thanks!
I can't slide/remove the top water-exit spout to exchange it to put in the rain tube. I am hesitant to REALLY pull hard (I wasn't meek either) on the spout just in case there is some kind of a twist and turn slide groove design in the shaft; I don't...
Can you adjust the strength of the water flow? Bit strong for my betta. The 3 settings on the blue button all seem the same. Which is the weakest?
Can't seem to find the right cartridge replacement. This is the one I bought but mine says Item #1250.
is this filter ok for African dwarf frogs in a 3 gallon tank?
Should I see the water moving? I have installed it and I see no movement.
Can ceramic bio balls fit inside the compartment where the carbon is? The bio balls are standard 1/2 by 1/2 inches. I currently am using the Hagen Elite but it doesnt store enough media to suit my needs.
How often do I have to replace carbon filter for a 2.5 gal tank for 1 betta fish? I plan to replace it when it is needed opening the tiny case.
Can I use this indoor to keep my Goldendoodle in vs. using a crate while I am away at work?
Can this hold a 60 pound german shepherd? and does it stay in place?
How large is the spacing between the wires? Would a 15 lb dog be able to jump over or move it if jumping against it?
How wide is the gate opening? How high off the ground is it?
Looking to install this on a 57x77 french door that opens inward (not sliding)...will this be suitable?
my french door opening is exactly 60 x 80. will there be enough screen to mount velcro to opening or do I need to go up a size?
How do you fasten the top. Does it have a spring load bar on top?
my opening is 62 x 80 will the 60 x 80 work door open the middel
Will the 60" rod compress for use in a 56"opening?
Has anyone purchased extra magnets for this door and if so what kind and how did you attach them? Thank you
i have 60 x 80 french doors and i usually just open 1 of the doors. is the opening offset or in the middle of the door frame?
How much can the length be shortened? Want to use this for a Class B motorhome. What is the min width needed? Is there a smaller version?
What does the R stand for in 60Rx80?
The single side of my French door that I keep open is 31" wide and 77" tall. Would this product work for me?
How long does this take to work? I've been using for 5 days and don't see any difference.
How long does the pack last? Is it a one month supply? Is it worth it to get the starter pack or buy the full sizes?
How many ounces of the liquid &amp; powder are in this kit?
Is this wire compatible with an Invisible Fence transmitter?
Can this wire be used to repair an existing Invisible Fence Brand fence with repair kit? This wire is substantially thinner than the IF Wire
can this wire be used above ground on an existing traditional fence to keep the dogs away from it?
Will this wire work with Sport Dog fence kits?
I tried this shampoo but I don't see anything on the label about it being a "Neem" shampoo. I see a Neem Protect shampoo on sale. R they related?
will this help with mites?
is this also good for puppies (7 months old) thank you
Has anyone used this on a cat? I'm very familiar with neem products, but cats are harder to bathe than dogs and I was wondering if the scent is strong or how my cat might react to it.
are these made in the USA?
Do these come in the Red Barn box?
how long are these?
Are these redbarn brand made in Paraguay? No box or country of origin on ziploc bags!
Do these spring-shaped bully sticks by chance last longer than straight, since they're more challenging to devour? I have a 2 yr old 30 lb cattle dog.
I'm confused by the reviews do you get 25 springs for $58.25 or just 1. If just 1, did they charge you $58.25 for 1 sping?
Is it really a 25 pack for $3.59? How come so cheap?
Where are they made?
Are these supposed to be really hard and tough? I like to break them in half for the dogs and they are really hard to break.
Are these balls really soft or are they hard?
Squeaker: These do squeak right?
The title says 5 inches, but the description says 2.75 inches. What is the actual diameter?
Are these balls hollow or are they filled and if so with fiber or foam?
Will it fit the phytonutrients or clean mini siphon ?
If I use the 1/2" adapter, what inside diameter size hose do I hook onto it?
I want to use this to do my aquarium water change. But I need both ends to be 1/2 is this possible?
Will this fit an Eheim classic 250 filter?
I want to use this with pieces of tubing cut from a 5/8" ID standard garden hose. Will it work?
Will this fit on the Python Pro-Clean Aquarium Gravel Washer and Siphon Kit? It appears to have 2 different diameters.
I want to remove water from a kitchen drain. Only a 1/4" OD hose will pass the guard. I'd like 1/4" tubes on both ends for suction. Can I?
Does this oil have the heavy metals removed?
Is this wild caught salmon?
is it really unscented? returned Grizzly wild salmon oil due to strong fishy odor
Does the label say how much and how often to put on their food? My dog is 16 pounds and my Vet said I need to give it to him to help his arthritis.
Is it safe to store a smaller portion of the product in a different container? i.e. a plastic squeeze bottle for example?
Does anyone have a solution for the broken pump problem? I have like 75% of the bottle still left to use!
Does this keep well? It looks to be too much for one cat to use up before it goes rancid. I do not see a smaller size.Does it need to be refrigerated?
My purchase arrived today but the tube for the pump was broken off just below the spring and check ball, can the pump be replaced?
Is there rosemary in any form in this?
My pump doesn't work. How do I get the pump to open. I put it on the can of oil and turned it in the "open" direction but nothing happens.
Does this include the hose or not??
Does this work with a bathtub?
whats the dilution ratio of this product? like 50%?
Any suggestions on a specific hose to buy that will fit the Rapid Bath nozzle? The "universal" one I bought didn't fit.
I love this product because I can quickly wash two golden retrievers. Recently the tubes began filling with water. Any advice?
hi does it work with outdoor tap/hose and cold water
I have a dog that when out on walks or going to the vet wears a basket muzzle, can this halter be used with a basket muzzle on the dog?
When the dog pulls, is most pressure applied near the bridge of his nose (like with the Gentle Leader)? Our dog got welts there after a year of using the G.L. Thanks!
any ideas but my 4 moth old GSD fights this collar all the way it is useless seems to do the opposite of what it is supposed to do any ideas to fix
How would this work with a dog that turns to face you and pulls backwards rather than lunging forwards against it?
Is it just the halter or a clip lead as well?
i have a 60 pound rough coated Collie. what size do need?
I have a 52 pound pit bull. What size should I get?
Is this the replacement for the original biocube 29 gallon return pump?
can someone tell me the difference between a 'pump' model and a 'pump powerhead' model. do they have the same power output.
How long is the power cable?
Can you give me the dimensions?
Does this work with 220-240V supply?
Does this pump have a pipe adapter to fit 1/4" tubing?
I have a Cairn that is aggressive to other dogs when he's on leash. Would this help?
What would be the best size for a 50 lb lab/border collie mix?
What size would fit a 30 pound mut mix?
Will a medium fit a 22lb. corgi?
What size would be best for a 80 lb Doberman/Labrador mix dog. The dog is 28-30 at the shoulder.
I have a dog who like to nip, would this be something g you would advise?
Can this lead be used on a dog with a short muzzle?
HOW THICK IS IT?
is it suitable for a 13 pound puppy?
Can it also be used as a normal leash too
Can it also be used as a normal leash too
Is this comfortable to hold? I have a 1/4-inch wide Lone Wolf (brand) that lays flat and it chafes my hand especially when it's dry and cold outside.
Can I store the whole bag and all...basically just set the whole bag in the container?
How does this open? Does the whole lid lift up or just a small portion of it? I use the bowl to scoop food, want to make sure it will fit
Are these containers BPA free?
Are these stackable?
Does this fill all the way to the top when you empty a 25lb bag of dog food into it? (I have small dog, so smaller kibble bits.)
whats the color of this container and itscover?
How tall is the 25# container without wheels please?
Does anyone have a picture of this container with the wheels on?
I bought one and used this for my dog food! But I need to know if I can use this to store bulk amounts of pasta? How big to hold 20lbs of bowties?
Is it airtight? I bought one from Iris and the latch did not work at all.
What is the outside frame measurements? I see the flap measurements 15"x20", but I need to replace an old door and need what size hole the frame fits
The width of this frame is 2.4 inches. Can this be installed in a storm door that is 1" thick?
How safe/easy is it to use the lock-out slide to close the door? I want to be able to secure the door/house when I leave.
I have 2 cats that come and go in addition to dogs; can they move the flap easily?. They use the current door which has an aging rubber flap.
can you order just the flap
Can this door be installed on a wood en door all the way to the bottom of the door. The previous owner of my home made a doggie door by just cutting a
I want to install in an opening I will be cutting thru concrete block wall. Will this work? What size do we make the opening?
I have a large 100 lb lab and a small 14 lb lhasa apso will my smaller dog be able to walk thru the flaps?
what is the flap size?
Does the door flap fly open or not seal well on windy days? Has anyone has problems with losing a lot of air conditioning or heat?
can you put this door in a metal storm door?
Don't they make a large? I couldn't find one. Only medium and extra large.
can this door be mounted in a wall?
How can this door possible install in 20 minutes, if I have to cut the door to the outside??
How well does this seal out drafts and cold air leaking into the home? The Ruff-Weather is 2 1/2 times this cost and not sure if it's worth that.
I need a way to prevent cold air coming into my house thru the Extra-Large 10.5-by-15-Inch Pet Door with Telescoping Frame that I had installed.
We need to install a pet door through the wall to the yard, we have chihuahuas and a whippet, which is best for us?
what is the cut out size for the 10.5-by-15 flap
can you please let me know if there is an insert that will stop my dogs from entering my home? Thank you!
Can this dog door be installed into a wooden garage door?
We have an existing opening that is 14 x 19.5 would this work for that?
Could a house cat open this door? I am hoping to install to an exterrior patio and want all my cats as well as my great dane to be able to use it.
We have a door that has an indented design that will leave gaps. What can be done about that?
What size is realistic (vs sizing chart) for a Golden Retriever, about 75 lbs...? Super Large? or Extra Large as sizing chart woudl indicate?
I have purchased other extreme doors but the outside flap has broken off twice due to cold weather in WI. Has this happened with this one to anybody?
Is the super large the largest size? I have a St Bernard who is 206 lbs! thanks
This shows only four screw across the top of the door to mount the clear flaps, my old one has six holes. What does the actual door have ?
what are the "cut out" dimensions?
There is conflicting "cut out" dimensions in these Q &amp; As. Is it 15" x 23.75" or 17" x 25"? Existing hole is 18" x 24" so need to know for sure!
Ruff-Weather Pet Door with Telescoping Frame- what is meant by telescoping frame
Why would Amazon recommend getting the "Original telescoping frame" also?
What are the outside dimensions of the door? I only have a 8.5" wide wall to work with so I need something around 8" or less. Height doesn't matter.
I just bought this and the flaps seem to have a gap between the flap and the brush material on the side of the flap. Is this a defective item?
How loud is this? Would you be annoyed if it were in the bedroom?
I have mini Dachshunds both 14lbs will they be able to fit through this?
does this come with the lock out door?
Would this door be good for a 12-lb. "pushy", persistent, curious (when it comes to wanting to get "in" somewhere, especially) CAT?
Is this self-framing?
Can t his be installed in a metal exterior door, or does it have to be a wood door?
Does it have a locking mechanism?
We live in New England, zero in the winters and 100 in the summers. I want this door for the living room wall, will it seal out the hot and cold?
will the Ideal pet Door work on a metal door that is not a flat surface? My door has two panel bottom of door.
How far does the pet door stick out on the outside? We have a glass storm door on the outside of our laundry room door, and I want to lock it at night
what is the rough opening required for the 9.75" x 17" dog door installation?
I own this door and it is about 1 year old. On really cold nights, both flaps stay cracked open and let cold in all night long. Anybody know how fix?
does it have a security door
How does the plastic frame hold up to heavy sun exposure &amp; does it Yellow\Discolor at all?
will a large work for a lab
Do I need Perfect Pet Wall Kit for this door? My wall is probably 5 inches thick.
I have two little yorkies and a English bulldog. I purchased the extra large will my yorkies be able to push the door open?
We have 2 dogs, One is a Chihuahua, long legged type. And the other is a Dachshund. Is this to big for them?
Does this come with the "safety door that slides down over the flaps?
We want to replace a medium petsafe extreme weather door with the Ideal door. Will it work? 10.5 x 15 frame, and 9.38 x14 cut-out.
Are replacement flaps available for future needs?
installation problems?
My pound puppy is 11 months old and weighs about 22 pounds. (Supposedly a Shiba Inu mix). Will this door work for her?
What kind of dog fits?
Using a PetSafe door with one flpa -Medium size with an 8-1/8 X 12-1/4 opening. I have cocker spaniels and beagles. Will this work in size?
Our dog recently lost her sight--she is accustomed to a single flap door but wonder how much harder it will be to use the double flaps?
how to install on a raised panel door?
how does it turn on/off? does it automatically drip when the dog licks it?
Can this product be attached and used on a hose? Also, has anyone used this indoors?
Has anyone tried using this product to water chickens and/or ducks?
Has anyone had a cat use this?
Anyway to "winter proof" this other than resorting to a watering bowl again? I live in Missouri and we get consistent below freezing temperatures.
One sellar has a product picture that is different from the others. Also it says Pet Lodge instead of Lixit. Is it the same product?
is it different from original
My hose spigot is up higher on my house than my dog can reach. To anyone that encountered this issue what was your solution when using this product?
What is the dose per capsule? 600 mg? 1000 mg?
Does this product come with a a safety seal over the bottle opening and/or a seal holding the lid in place?
Does this product come with a a safety seal over the bottle opening and/or a seal holding the lid in place? If so, which- or does it come with both?
This item doesn't state whether it's for large &amp; giant breed or the small/medium breed?? That info would be helpful. Thank you!
I need to clean a unit installed in my home: raise the flap door. How to you lock / unlock the flap doors?
What are the dimensions of the flap?
Does this model work with the microchip implanted in the cat?
Could this work on a screen window?
Does it work with the tags implanted by a vet, or only the tags you hang on the collar?
Can the door be left unlocked and the collar be set to lock it on approach?
Would this work with a metal bottom screen door?
What are the dimensions?
what is the differance in size of the odd shaped door vs the 8"x10"?
Will this pump work with the newer (lime green top) version of the Catit Fountain, or does it only work with just the blue top original Catit?
Does this pump come with any tubing ? I have a perpetual recirculating cascading 3 level fountain with no pump I need to know if it can draw water up to a 2 foot height I need to figure out the intake side and the output side and Will a solar pump be...
It supports universal voltage? I live in Argentina and we have 220 voltage and 50hz frequency.
I need to see the other side of the pump -the only pic here is the bottom. does the top have a hole in it? Or does it have a tube poking out?
Will this pump also work in the Catit Senses fountain?
Does this work with a Drinkwell Platinum?
Does this come with the plastic clam shell holder? This is what I need. Suction cups came off.
Will this pump work with a drinkwell 360 stainless water fountain for pets?
Is this pump compatible with the K&amp;H Cat Clean Flow Water Filter, 80 oz Bowl?
Is this compatible with the Drinkwell pagoda fountain (red or white and it's rectangular - bought it at PetSmart)?
I've got three cats that I would like to be kept away from the living at night, if on the lowest setting does it hurt? What does it do, is it a vibration, or is it a shock, and what does it feel like? I just don't want my cats to hate me and get hurt...
I have a 112 inches to cover all the area needed for the couch, can this product available in longer sizes or extension add on?
I need this for two chairs. Does it fold?
Is this item water-proof or safe to be placed along the kitchen sink?
how big is this, will it be sufficient on the door threshold
how do you set the low, medium or high settings?
Weather permitting, I'm thinking of using the 46x3 inch ScatMat Strip on my deck rail to deter raccoons. Has anyone tried this?
is there a switch for the3 levels?
Does this work for big dogs? All I keep reading about is cats. Does it work as well as a Dogtra training collar?
The product title says this is an extension, does it also come with the electronic box?
Lost my instructions for the installation and need help with the weather stripping?
I have two dogs...a large German Shepherd and a little cocker spaniel. I need the large size for the GSD but am worried the door flap will be heavy for my small guy to push through. He is 14 years old and needs to go out frequently. Is the flap very...
How wide is the actual insert? Is 17.5" the width of the box or of the door insert (the actual product--not the flap)?
My patio door has a latch to lock the door to prevent it from opening. If I buy this dog door can I still use the patio doors current lock?
Will a 15 lb cat be able to push the door open and get outside
I orderd this door in 2012, the flap has broken apart. Is there a replacement panel for the flap? I purchased the extra large door. Thank you!
Does a screen door close with the dog door in place?
How wide is the actual insert? Is 17.5" the width of the box or of the door insert (the actual product--not the flap)?
Can the hight of the dog door be lowered?
Will this door actually lock onto both the existing sliding door and the door frame lock? Most just appear to be inserts without any locking ability.
Can I paint this door? I need very dark bronze or black to suit my homeowner's association rules and weatherproof.
How noisy is the flap? The door may be in our bedroom, and a noisy flap may kill the deal.
It looks like it has 3 panes? Why? Do they all open as one?
Will I be able to remove and reinstall this insert if I move to a new residence?
is the door too heavy for cats?
I have a manufactured home with an opening of 76 inches. Can this be trimmed to fit my door?
Is the glass dual pane?
Does this door seem to be keeping mice out for you? I have a door already, but it's quite flimsy. I have realized that mice come in quite often.
Does this version of the product come with the 2" extension for the top? If not, can i buy one here? The height of my sliding glass door is 79.5".
is this door easily removed? I need one that I can take in and out.
Title shows (78 3/4" - 81 1/4"H) while description shows 93 +. Which measurements are correct for this bronze item?
what size is the opening for the pet door?
How wide is this after installed? I want to know how much room we have left to walk around it. THanks!
How many inches is the rise that dog would have to step over to enter door? Thank you
i just received this door today and see that the flap measure 7 x 111/2". My Boston terrier stand 15" tall, will he fit thru this flap?
JUst how does it fit into the space?
Does this come with a security lock for the slider? The description of what is comes with is very vague. Thank you.
I measured my whole door with frame and it was 94" but sliding door itself was 93".. Will this fit?
what weight dog fits through door
how wide is the door? what are the measurements of the hole?
how high
Is this vinyl?
does the dog opening come with a slider panel to lock out or in when necessary
I just ordered this but wanted to make sure you send the satin color, not sure how to reach you. My name is Christy Setaro. Thank you.
Does the flap lock?
the photo is of a white window. The description states bronze. Is is white?
install for right or left side?
With the door in place, can you still use the door to go in and out without completely removing it?
How wide is the whole panel?
My sliding glass door is a standard 36" x 76" high. I noticed this Fast Fit Pet Patio Door is an 80". Can this be cut off to fit my door.
Is the area above the flap clear like a window?
How is it in Winter? I live in Wisconsin and I don't want my house freezing over because I put this in place of my double paned sliding doors.
How easy is this to remove and then install again? Would like to use it in warm weather but not in winter - keep cats indoors in winter. Thanks!
Our door is 77" tall. Will this cat door fit?
I previously purchased this collar a lab and I love it. I would like to purchase another one for my golden. My concern is would the remote be on the same frequency? do I need a different model?
Will this collar fit a Lab 70lbs and golden 80 lbs?
Is this a new product with warranty?
Can I buy one of these for 2 dogs. Could two collars share one remote?
does anyone know if it will be to big for a 30lb Beagle mix?
is this collor water prof
does it come with a belt clip?
My dog loves to swim, I see that it is waterproof, but wanted to hear from someone with experience having their dog swim with the shock collar on.
My dog loves to swim, I see that it is waterproof, but wanted to hear from someone with experience having their dog swim with the shock collar on.
Does this collar come with a rechargeable battery
is this rechargeable, battery
does it come with a charger
Can you buzz or zap both dogs at the same time?
How heavy are these receivers compared to the old Tritronics Sport Basic?
We have Goldens. How long are the prongs/points?
Does the remote have a belt clip?
How long does the collar hold a charge? How about the receiver?
Does it come with 2 collars to train both dogs? i just wanted to double check before i buy... Thanks
I need to know what battery is used for the Dogtra Hunter 2 Dog Training Collar Platinum System. I assume one goes in each collar and one goes in the remote, but for the life of me, I cannot find my directions, so I don't know how to open them w/o...
Are the receivers truly waterproof? I' ve had brands claim that they are but sadly, stopped working after one dip in the pond. Many thanks
How much does it really hold? Would a 50lb bag fit in the 55 quart container?
What is the width (widest point including lid) of the 28-quart container? How many lbs of dry food will it hold?
Is this container BPA free?
Can raccoons chew through this lid?
How many pounds of dry food fit in the 8 quart container?
Is this container safe for holding/storing water?
Can bugs crawl into the container?
Is this container stackable if you get two?
Will 30lb of small bite (Orijen) food fit in 28 quart? Anyone try close to that? Thx!
With the lid on it is 10.8". What about just the container itself? And are the wheels removable?
Is the small bin attached to the lid of the large bin? Will I have to remove the small one to get inside the big one?
are the casters removable?
What are the INSIDE measurements? Rather than use it for pet food, I want to store Breeze litter pads in the top and bags of litter in the bottom.
are these airtight enough to keep ants out?
what is the full height dimension with the bins stacked?
can this hold 30lb of dog food.?
Is this container BPA free. Some of the items are listed that way and some of them they do not mention it
Are the lids lined with silicone to make them air-tight, or do they just snap?
How wide is the largest part of the big container, including the lid? I only have a space 10.5 inches wide so I want to see if I can squeeze this in.
are these containers BPA free?
How much does it really hold? Would a 50lb bag fit in the 55 quart container?
What is the width (widest point including lid) of the 28-quart container? How many lbs of dry food will it hold?
Is this container BPA free?
Can raccoons chew through this lid?
How many pounds of dry food fit in the 8 quart container?
Is this container safe for holding/storing water?
Can bugs crawl into the container?
Is this container stackable if you get two?
Will 30lb of small bite (Orijen) food fit in 28 quart? Anyone try close to that? Thx!
With the lid on it is 10.8". What about just the container itself? And are the wheels removable?
Is the top portion large enough to accommodate a wide cardboard scratcher refill?
On the measurements-is it 11.2" high x 20"long x 10.5"wide?
Will an adult cat that's around 10-11lbs fit in the circle opening?
One person said this is wood &amp; one says its plastic, which is it?
Is the bottom of this Cat House made of wood also like the rest of it?
I want to order this (SmartCat Bootsie's Bunk Bed and Playroom for Cats) and I have a question what is the pad color ? is it red ?
Could this be used for outdoors? My cat is an outdoor cat and needs a shelter during the daytime. (We bring her in at night). Thanks!
Can the red quilted cushion go inside on bottom and a ready made cardboard scratch pad fit on top?
How big are the side holes?
Does the top flip up on this at all?
How much does it really hold? Would a 50lb bag fit in the 55 quart container?
What is the width (widest point including lid) of the 28-quart container? How many lbs of dry food will it hold?
Is this container BPA free?
Can raccoons chew through this lid?
How many pounds of dry food fit in the 8 quart container?
Is this container safe for holding/storing water?
Can bugs crawl into the container?
Is this container stackable if you get two?
Will 30lb of small bite (Orijen) food fit in 28 quart? Anyone try close to that? Thx!
With the lid on it is 10.8". What about just the container itself? And are the wheels removable?
How much does it really hold? Would a 50lb bag fit in the 55 quart container?
What is the width (widest point including lid) of the 28-quart container? How many lbs of dry food will it hold?
Is this container BPA free?
Can raccoons chew through this lid?
How many pounds of dry food fit in the 8 quart container?
Is this container safe for holding/storing water?
Can bugs crawl into the container?
Is this container stackable if you get two?
Will 30lb of small bite (Orijen) food fit in 28 quart? Anyone try close to that? Thx!
With the lid on it is 10.8". What about just the container itself? And are the wheels removable?
Can it be used on large dogs?
where is the controller to switch from dog to dog so you can stimulate one dog at a time?
Does this come with belt clip and or dummy collar?
What is the warranty on these collars?
Can you provide a list of what's included? Battery charger, test light, carrying case, owner's manual, etc..??
does this come with a charger/splitter/owner's manual?
What length contacts that with the collars? I have 2 mini Aussies (with long fur around the neck). Wondering if I'll need longer contact points.
Does this unit allow for setting different stimulation levels for each collar? In other words, can I set one level for one collar, and a different level for the other collar (without having to change settings each time)?
Is there a tone option prior to shock/tone only instead of shock?
Is this the t and b 2500
What all is included in this package?
is this dogtea tb 2500 1 mile range?
does this include the carrying case
is the transmitter waterproof as well? and how long is the battery life?
Does this include batteries?
I am searching for a way to overcome this dog door's failure to close tighter than 5-6" from closing position. Someone mentioned replacing the door with a traditional dog door flap. Will that person or anyone please tell me where I might purchase a 12"...
I installed the pet door and the last step says to click the latch in the slot... what latch? I didn't see any extra pieces of plastic...
How is the seal when the door is closed? Will it keep out only flies or does it close well enough to keep out mosquitos and gnats also?
Can the pet go in and out or is this a one-way door?
is this easy enough to punch into a storm door?
We have a 78 lb Doberman that's pretty tall. Would this doggie door work for him?
my dog ripped out the whole lower corner of our door. Will this work if I have no screen next to the frame in the lower left hand corner?
is this light enough for a cat to push open
is this large enough for a lab?
Is there a way to reinforce the screen (maybe with a wood bar) so that the dog door is more secure? Any tips to make this stronger for a big dog?
What is the vertical spacing of the smaller horizontal and vertical bars?
I have a travel cage. I need something to keep at my daughter's house when I visit her so that my Eclectus can stay in. Is this big enough?
I need to house a Green Cheeked Conure for 5 days/nights and travel for 5 hours each way by car. Will this size and cage work for that amount of time?
is this cage tall enough for a umbrella cockatoo
does the wire grill on the bottom where the walk come out, not the bottom tray the grill above it thanks
What is the weight of this carrior? Thank you. REALLY 22 pounds?
does anyone know what size and type of spring is needed?? Mine didnt come with it and it is needed to function properly
What is the diameter of the rope perch?
I will be moving my African Grey and My Amazon. The trip will take 5 to 6 hours. Is this large enough to transport both of them in the same cage?
I am traveling from Denver to Conn this summer. Could I also use the cage for my 4 cockatiels to live in for 6 weks
what is the voltage for this unit ? i need it in 220V and 60Hz where can i find it ?
I have a 140 gal reef . Is this going to be enough power? It will be located in my sump under the tank with. One T connection to two return heads.
Is this compact 5000 more powerful than the Eheim 1262
I just received my pump and on first plug in it began pulsing on and off? Running for a second before cutting out, any help would be appreciated
I set up a 120 reef tank. It is drilled and I split the line for the return pump. Will this work for a 120 gallon reef set up?
does this come with hose fitting tube? what about warranty?
does this come with hose fitting tube? and what size for hose fitting?
Is 220 V with 60 Hz avalable in the U S ?
is the voltage 110volts or 230volts? =)
Would this pump work good in a 29 gallon?
is the pump reatively silent?
how much power exactly does it put out, how much PSI ? does it say ?
Would this pump work for a single sponge filter for a 10 gallon tank?
Does it come with what you need, like tubing and a check valve?
psi
I will be running 17 10 gallon tanks, with two power heads per tank tank so we will be running 34 lines will this work or what would you recomend
can you tell me what the correct silicon tube inside and outside diameters are? some reviews say offered one is wrong. thanks.
Does a valve come with pump?
I will be using an air pump to power two sponge filters in a 20 gallon freshwater tank. Will this pump do the job or do I need a different model?
What is the vertical spacing of the smaller horizontal and vertical bars?
I have a travel cage. I need something to keep at my daughter's house when I visit her so that my Eclectus can stay in. Is this big enough?
I need to house a Green Cheeked Conure for 5 days/nights and travel for 5 hours each way by car. Will this size and cage work for that amount of time?
is this cage tall enough for a umbrella cockatoo
does the wire grill on the bottom where the walk come out, not the bottom tray the grill above it thanks
What is the weight of this carrior? Thank you. REALLY 22 pounds?
does anyone know what size and type of spring is needed?? Mine didnt come with it and it is needed to function properly
What is the diameter of the rope perch?
I will be moving my African Grey and My Amazon. The trip will take 5 to 6 hours. Is this large enough to transport both of them in the same cage?
I am traveling from Denver to Conn this summer. Could I also use the cage for my 4 cockatiels to live in for 6 weks
Is the light detachable fromt the tank? I want to be able to rinse the cube in the sink, which would be difficult if the light doesn't come off.
Would this tank be good for a beta fish?? And exactly how loud is this pump?
What are the dimensions of this aquarium? Height, width, depth?
Is there any easier way to keep this tank clean? The water gets merky looking and I've gone through 3 filters to try and fix the problem.
There are 2 different versions of this tank. Is this the one with the power driven filter or the air filter with tubing etc? Thanks
Is this self cleaning
The pump is extremely loud. do I need a new pump or are they all this way?
Would this tank work for a turtle
Is it possible/easy to switch out to a glass tank?
Is this tank good for neon tetras or guppies?
What diameter tubing does the 2000 require? Specs state 3/4". Some reviewers are stating that is incorrect and that 5/8" is the correct size???
is this an external pump or submersible pump?
Upto how much height it can pump water
Can this be used in UK 230V ?
what GPH is it
I'm assuming this is the North America model for 120v, correct? I can only find the Euro specs.
How many watts does it use?
what are the first 5 ingredients and the guaranteed analysis?
provide all ingredients in fish food
can you tell me the freshness or exp date on this item?
is it okay for adult dogs? I brought this accidentally can i feed to my 1.5 yr old?
for several months the senior formula i have been buying is labled "mature".are the cans marked senior old stock?
Is this ground food, slices or chunks
Where is this product made? Hopefully in the USA and not China.
what is the fat precentage?
Where is this product made?
what is the protein content in a 40lb. bag
will these work for 2&amp;1/2 pound yorkie puppy?
I have an 8 1/2 lb minature Doxie = should I get small or extra small
i have a bichon, about 25 lbs, I ordered small, will these be too small? if so, can i change to medium?
i have a yorkie i tried xs way to small now im trying small but when he lays down and his private pops out of the diaper does this mean i need to go to a med?
could you give sizing information?
what size disposable diaper should I get for a 16 lb dog?
What size dog does Medium fit ? My dog's waist is 20 inches.
I'm going on a 2 day car ride with my 10lb cat. Would this be a good idea for her? If so, what size should I get?
Neutered male who marks still. DO any of you know how to get a neutered male to stop marking everything in sight, including the other dogs?
does this diaper hold in the poop?
How long does it take for a dog to chew these? I mean, are they snacks meant to be eaten, or are they like rawhides that take a little longer?
How many chews in a 1 lb. bag?
where is the expiration date?
I am looking for a replacement for the Busy Buddy rawhide disk refills, since those are now made in China - do you think these are thin enough to fit?
Are these "Made in China"?
Chews that I have bought lately all seem to be highly processed. Are these chews truely beef rawhide?
Where are these made?
I have been buying pads that say hold up to 4 cups, can you tell me what you rate how many cups these would be..thx
is the plastic side a different color? I have monocular vision and the ALL white pads I have to go by feel. I like the pads w/ colored plastic side.
Are there any such pads WITHOUT attractants? I need some to catch occasional accidents in the crate, but not actaulliy encourage the dogs.
are these slippery? We have to use them on our hard wood floors. Would they be a slipping hazard for us our our elderly dog?
Is it possible for you to include this in the subscribe and save program?
Is it made in the USA ?
is it grain free
Does this product contain any pork?
Is this good for an English Bulldog?
Does your product contain any ingredients from China?
Is there any chicken or chicken byproduct
Does this salmon based dog food make you dogs have a "fishy" smell? We have tried a few others, and we can always smell that fish.
Is there anyway to ship this product to Canada ?
Can you send to Spain in any way?
Does this contain a probiotic
In reading the ingredients it sounds like it contains probiotics. Is that true. Isn't lactobacillus acidophilus a probiotic?
what is the protein/fat percentage?
Is this pump strong enough to be tee'd off so I can use 2 reactors and a UV sterilizer? I have a 150g reef tank with a sump.
Can this be used in an outdoor setting? I need a new pump for a small waterfall and am impressed with the great reviews this product gets.
Need a pump for water changes.Not much elevation from tanks to sink &amp; water drum to tanks, 2' or 3', but distances is up to 20'. Would this pump work
how do you prime the pump for using it externally?
What size ID tubing does this particular pump accept?
this pump is putting out thousands of tiny bubbles into my main tank. how can I stop it from doing this. I have it on the lowest setting
if i turn of the pump using it on external mode, it can turn on and immediately pump the water?
Does anyone know what voltage is this Ehiem 3000+ ?
Could someone please advise the exact dimensions of the pump. The listing is a little unclear. I have to lower it into an opening 5-1/4" x 5" wide and 18" deep. Will it fit?
Is this pump made in Germany?
Is there any poultry in this? Many brands have chicken fat in the ingredients.
What size are the bits?
Does your dog love the taste of this? My puppy has been on veterinary formulas, one was catfish and the other kangaroo. She refused to eat either.
what is the protein content
Where is this food made? Where do the ingredients come from?
Any reason the price has gone up almost $25 dollars? Just in the last 2 days, the price jumped $20 and the freight trippled?
Does the grate slide out with the drawer?
Is this a good fit for my Senegal?And,can the water and food cups be up-ended by my parrot?He has figured out every which way to dump his water cups. Thank you.
does it come in a box? if it does.. whats the size of this packed?
This is deceiving.. is it a 35lb litter container for $5 or is it just the scooper? So confusing
Is this for only one container? Something doesn't seem right considering I can get two 20lb jugs at Walmart for roughly $15.
Does it contain liter or is this just an empty container?
Is it perfumed?
Are the dimensions really as included in the advertisment? Or is it bigger?
What is the height of opening from the floor?
Can anyone tell me the actual height of what looks like a LOW lip height at the opening? Saw was recommended for older cats but 9 inches is not low.
If you get two of them, do they fit together like a covered litter box?
Are there ridges on the bottom (where the litter is, not underneath) of the litter box or is it totally smooth?
Does wet litter stick to sides?
Hello i was wondering if this litter box is as small as it looks and if it would fit a pregnant cat?thankyou
Can this be used for a small puppy?
what is the measurement from the back corner straight to the front/center of the box? I need the maximum measurement from the outer parts of the lip.
Would this litter box fit in a small-ish bathroom? I live in an apartment and I don't think my roommate would allow me to have it anywhere else
About how many patties are in a 16oz bag?
How would this compare to giving raw meat? I live in a rural setting. I can get fresh beef or buffalo, or frozen. My dog is an outdoor German shepherd
I've been feeding this food primarily to my three dogs for years.Lately (the past month) all 3 will not eat it.?? any ideas? tried new bag.same thing
where are the meat origin and the manufacturer/distributor of this food located? I couldn't see that on the bag pictures.
I dont understand why 1 bag of stella and chewers freeze-dried beef 15 Oz is $26 and the 2 pack of 15 oz is $59? i'm trying to spend 435 to get your f
how many meals do you get per bag (15 lb dog)?
Does anyone know if the animals in this product are humanely raised and slaughtered?
Is this food ok for a male cat with urinary tract problems?
How long does it last in a bag that has been opened? I'm wondering whether I can buy a 15-lb bag if I only have one cat.
Is this cat food considered low carb, and is it ok for a senior cat with a stubborn weight problem?
is this a good one for an indoor kitten? I see places marketing cat &amp; kitten food, but with a premium food like this not sure if it matters.
Adult or kitten food??? Is there any different if I feed my kitten with this?
What size is the kibble? I have a very small cat and need to find a quality cat food with a small kibble size.
I may be blind. If not, i'm stunned. I don't see guarntd analysis listed. All the #s would be SWELL, but can a kind soul at least tell me Protein%?
Is this product antibiotic-free?
Cat bowels smell HORRIBLE and has RUNS! Anyone else's cat experiencing this? My cat loves this formula though, and I mean LOVES!
What's the typical expiration dates for a bag? 6 months out? A year? Two years? I was thinking of ordering two at a time to get free shipping.
Is the light detachable fromt the tank? I want to be able to rinse the cube in the sink, which would be difficult if the light doesn't come off.
Would this tank be good for a beta fish?? And exactly how loud is this pump?
What are the dimensions of this aquarium? Height, width, depth?
Is there any easier way to keep this tank clean? The water gets merky looking and I've gone through 3 filters to try and fix the problem.
There are 2 different versions of this tank. Is this the one with the power driven filter or the air filter with tubing etc? Thanks
Is this self cleaning
The pump is extremely loud. do I need a new pump or are they all this way?
Would this tank work for a turtle
Is it possible/easy to switch out to a glass tank?
Is this tank good for neon tetras or guppies?
How many patties in a 16 ounce bag?
How is the texture supposed to compare to other flavors? We feed her lamb and beef, but the chicken flavor we just received is very dry and hard.
The Two pack is that really 4 16 oz or just 2 16 oz. The price is 75 plus for the two pack but if you add up 2 at 25.20 it should be 50.40?
Is the bone fragment still an issue? Has anyone else had this problem?
Does the food require any preparation or is it just fed straight from the package?
Is this item fresh/good or should I buy it from my local dog boutique?
why has the price gone up so much from $24 to $35?
Anyone have good results switching between "flavors" - or is the nutritional content so different btw Chicken and another that it's like changing food
In Oct of 2014, these were $26.19 per bag (I know because I buy them regularly). Now they're $30.19. That's a 15% increase in just 2 months. Why?
Why does this food contains Sodium Phosphate monobasic and is it toxic?
It's surprise me when I check the ingredients. Why a grain-free cat food has Ground Brown Rice?
Can you advise if the 20.99 is for 24 of the 6oz cans because the title says 3oz but I selected 6oz on the drop down.
are these Pate??
Natural Balance changed the size of their cans to 5.5 oz. Are these the older (better) formula in 6 oz cans?
Does anyone know the approximate calorie count of these Natural Balance cat foods?
It's surprise me when I check the ingredients. Why the grain-free cat food has Ground Brown Rice?
How many bags will I need for a 10 gallon tanks?
Do I need to rinse if I start fresh planted aquarium?
Am I washing away the good fertilizer stuff if I rinse the dust out this till it runs clear? Or does it leach out from the rock substrate?
Is it actually sand, or coarser particulate?
Is this completely black?
how many bags will i need for a 65gallon tank???? thank !!
Is this safe for soft belly scavengers like Khuli Locaches and Cory Cats?
Slime and Stinky smell, any thoughts on this? Are these normal reaction of the product and does that mean it works?
I have a similar question to one asked but will restate it. Is it normal for the Algone packet to become "hairy", slimy and smell bad in the tank?
Will Algone clear cloudy water caused by a bacterial bloom?
is this safe to use in a tank with snails?
will it hurt to use the large size Algone in my 30 gallon tank?
Is this ok to use with any type of filtration? I have a Marineland Penquin Bio-Wheel filter on my 55 gal tank.
What are the dimensions of the pouches?
york
Are they good for poop? My 15 yrs old Yorkie uses normal baby diapers just fine for marking pee but my issue is with pooping since we get home late.
I am worried that my dog will simply pull it off. Anyone had issues with diapers falling Off?
Are they reuseable? I mean if my dog doesnt leak that night can I use them again the next night?
Is this a waterproof diaper?
Are these max absorbency?
What size for terrier mix. 17 lbs?
Where are these made? China, Korea, Etc...?
are these good for Male dogs or just Females?
I fear that my newly rescued dog, who prefers to pee on beds and in crate, will become a reeking mess because of pee-soaked fur. Does that happen?
How many heat mats can you attatch to this?
does this rheostat have a temp probe on it?
Does this have a night mode that automatically changes?
Can I put a three way plug on this and have two 150 watt ceramic heat emitters?
Can I plug an electric space heater into this?
Does anyone one use the heater control with a UV or IR bulb? Or is this only useable with ceramic heaters?
Will this work with a an aquarium heater? Can the sensor be submersed in water?
Which one of these would work better for a reptile heating cable 100 watt??? The 1000 watt or the 500 watt? I want around mid to high 80's
does it work on 220v?
Is this suitable to use with an UTH? (the description only says incandescent heat source).
Are the squeakers replacable?
Is it washable?
What is the actual measurement?
where are they actually made?
Are these pony shoes?
how long to ship to norton ks.?
How much do they weigh a piece?
Are these wide enough to fit a standard wine bottle? My mother in law wants a western themed wine rack, would these work?
Do you have 17- 20 piece sets left? or just 17 horse shoes left?
how much does it weigh?
does this crate come with a divider?
What are the dimentions?
can you stack another crate?
someone commented that the side door was infact on the top of the cage is that correct
Is the material strong enough to keep an aggressive dog from bending the metal and getting out?
Does the crate come with the pan?
how long does the shipping take
What are all the dimension is 48 the height I need to know the length as well.
Does this cage have two doors?
What is the wattage of this bed warmer?
Can you use it outdoors on a porch plugged into an outlet and keep it plugged in?
Would this product work with an elderly 60 pound dog?
How hot does it get?
Can I put a timer on it to turn on and off when not home - or does it have a manual switch that needs to be pushed on and off?
What is the size of the warmer? I have a 5 lb. Chihuahua; will it work for him?
dimensions
How long is the cord? Can it be used with an extension cord?
how long can you leave it plugged in?
Does this work on a 12 volt wall wart or an 18 volt wall wart?
Does it come with a 1 inch comb guard?
I am going to purchase it, is it the power supply plug which is usable in Japan?
Hi, Can I use this with 220 voltage?
I'm considering replacing my AG2 model. The blade overheats quickly. How quickly do the blades heat up on this one? Using on sm. dog w/thick coat.
What size guard would you recommend for these clippers for a big dog?
Is this a 240v clipper thanks
Appreciate if you could advise what is the operating voltages.
I want a clipper to replace my Andis from our local store.My pom has thick hair.Would this clipper be a good choice for my needs?? Or a cheaper type?
DO WAHL COMEBS FIT IT
Will this work on both 220 as well as 110 volts?
CERAMIC OR ULTRAEDGE BLADES?
Description says CeramicEdge blades (sold separately) but says includes size-10 CeramicEdge blade; do I need to buy one or not?
what is the advantage, if any, of the 2-speed over this one? seems i would not use the lower speed anyway.
The pictures show this to have a battery &amp; charger. Are they included?
how will i know what blades to use and what areas to use them on for a Havanese?
How quiet are these clippers? My dog freaks out with loud noises (we've tried other clippers)
We purchased the Andis 63970 but it doesn't have a guard for the length of the cut. Is this something we need to purchase separately?
will this be a good clipper for a goldendoodle and a standard poodle?
Does this weigh 3lbs as stated above?
would this work with 220v?
How long is the power cord?
I own the 22545 clipper. Love, love, love it . But need to know how to put blades back on after cleaning?
is thus trimer a real 2 speed? I gave one to friend and she said it is not a 2 speed machine. any coments?
With this clipper, is it easy to switch out blades?
How quiet are the clippers? My dog freaks out with my old clippers.
I have a small shihtzu. Is there an attachment for trimming/shaving around the folds on her tiny face?
what is the strokes per minute
why are people wanting the ceramic blades over the metal blades? do the ceramic blades hold a sharper blade longer?
Which blade to get for Shih Tzu to cut hair to 3/8" on body and shorter on legs and feet?
What is the typical lifespan of a blade. Have one Pekingese that i will be trimming regularly.
what blades does it come with and do you need a special oil for it.
would these work for a 70 lb border collie with a very fine, thick undercoat?
How does this clipper (#21485) differ from the Andis clipper (#65785)?
Is the instructional DVD worth the extra money?
What's the difference between the Ultra edge and Ceramic edge blades? Which one is best for thick coats?
I have other steel blades from another Andis clipper will they fit this one too .?
What is the voltage of this clipper? I need a product that is 220-240 charge input
what is best blade size for long-haired dog?
Can you tell me if this clipper is dual voltage?
I live in Australia can I use this product here eg power points etc are the sockets the same do I need to buy an adaptor?
Could I use these to "shape" the body of a Bichon Frise ? Will they remove the top layer of the coat cleanly ?
How fast does the clipper motor rotates. It states on the box 4,000 strokes per minute but it is advertise as 4,400 strokes per minute?
Does this come with a set of clipper combs?
Can I interchange this blade with #10 oster clipper blades that I already have?
Would the voltage be ok for use in the UK?
What is the difference between the burgundy Andis AGC Super 2 speed and the blue Andis UltraEdge 2 speed?
Does this come with a blade to start or do I have to buy a blade?
Where can I get the 220V version?
What makes pet clippers different from human hair clippers? I have a cheap Conair that works on me but it won't work on the cat... at all, not even a little. :o)
I have a chow/golden retriever mix that needs a butt cut. Her butt is REALLY fluffy. Will this cut through all that hair without overheating?
What is the difference in Andis #22215 and the 22360 model?
which model and blades would work best for grooming our Bichons ?
Have a fairly matted standard pooddle to clip -want to clip her fairly short. Would these clippers handle that easily &amp; if so what blade size is best?
What's the trick to "locking in" a new blade? I have read the directions yet I am having problems.
Why don't the combs fit these clippers?! I bought the ones recommend with it by amazon but they didn't fit. My other set of combs didn't either...why?
is this good for shtzue
Does it come with the plastic guards for different cutting lengths?
I just received the Andis AGC2 2-speed pro clippers. Is there an attachment kit for the different lengths needed, it only came with the #10 blade?
Does it come with a 1 inch comb guard?
I am going to purchase it, is it the power supply plug which is usable in Japan?
Hi, Can I use this with 220 voltage?
I'm considering replacing my AG2 model. The blade overheats quickly. How quickly do the blades heat up on this one? Using on sm. dog w/thick coat.
What size guard would you recommend for these clippers for a big dog?
Is this a 240v clipper thanks
Appreciate if you could advise what is the operating voltages.
I want a clipper to replace my Andis from our local store.My pom has thick hair.Would this clipper be a good choice for my needs?? Or a cheaper type?
DO WAHL COMEBS FIT IT
Will this work on both 220 as well as 110 volts?
I don't want to shave the dog, just to shorten the hair. Are there combs that fit this clipper?
I purchased this clipped and now have been told by a groomer I used to use that the blades get very hot very fast. True?
Is this clipper quiet?
Can this handle shaving the fur of a long, thick-haired cat? I had a Wahl U-clip (not expensive) and it stopped shaving about 1/4 way.
I have a VERY thick, rough coat Great Pyrenees. Will this clipper work for his hair. I don't want to shave him down, just keep him under control.
Can anyone recommend a clipper for arthritic hands? I have a hard time with the weight of most I've tried, it hurts &amp; I don't know what to choose?
Hi! I live in Argentina I need a 220 electricity version of this clipper. Can I use this clipper in my country too?
this maquina Trabaja con 110v?
Is it light weight ?
Does this product come with just one standard blade?
Do you ever feel like you need more power? I'm buying this to groom two miniature schnauzers. I'm between this one and the 22360 model.
what blade do you need for a yorkie
does the package come with multiple blade/clippers sizes? Or if it's a single blade, can it be adjusted for shorter or longer trim?
How does the Andis 22340 clippers work on Golden Retrievers ?
I have a small and fragile long haired chihuahua. Do these clippers come with various speeds and a protective guard that would prevent injury?
I have a very small and fragile long haired chihuahua. Does this product have various clipper settings with a guard so I don't cut/injure my dog?
Is it single voltage or dual voltage? I need 220.
I have 2 Great Pyrenees that need groomed, what clippers, blade, lubricant etc do I need? I haven't seen anyone on here that shears Great Pyrenees
What is advantage of 2 speed over 1? Does it run cooler?
Will this cut well through matted areas without pulling or stopping?
They say made of natural material...does anyone know what kind of material these are made of?
are they made in America
Where are they made
?
What is the material on the outside of this? Is that wool?
hi - my cat destroyed this in days. do you have a more durable cat toy?
Made in usa?
I'm buying this for my hair, will it work for that?
Where is the product made?
How big is this container? I know it is 2 oz but I don't know how big of a container that would be.
how do you go about using this catnip? where do you put it? on what exactly?
Heard Catnip is better than DEET for repelling mosquitos. Has anyone used this ingredient in insect repellent on dogs?
Does this have flowers and stems or is it all leaves?
Has anyone tried growing their own plant from the seeds?
is it grown &amp; pkgd in the usa
Is this catnip organic certified?
Where can one get more of the crinkle toy? My cat went grape nuts over it.
Questioned answered--Thanks! Can the cardboard be flipped over for use on the other side? Thanks so much! :)
Have searched Amazon website to find refills for this--but have been unable to find. Anyone help with this?
Where is this made?
What are the dimensions of the cardboard scratcher insert? I'm trying to find out what size refills would fit inside the incline scratcher without being too big or too loose. Thanks! UPDATE: Thank you all for your answers. I appreciate it! I had also...
Has anyone found a way to keep it in place? It just slides toward my cat when he tries to use it.
Does it get messy with shredded cardboard bits everywhere? about how long does it last, we have 2 big cats
Just purchased and it arrived without catnip or the scratcher pad. Looking at description, it is supposed to come with. Correct?
How tall is the scratcher, from the base to the tallest part?
Are there openings on all 3 sides? The picture only shows 1 side (with opening).
Without cutting down a larger one, do replacement s for this exist? My cat loves the incline more than the flat type, but I cannot find replacements.
Does this work for dogs that whine or whimper?
What is the size of the collar, will it fit a neck of 20 inches?
does the charger plug in or do i need to remove the battery. i really want a plug in model
Will this collar work when the dog is growling?
Is this dual voltage 110-220? I have Dogtra for training large dog, still OK after 10 yrs! Now looking for the bark collar to send to fam. overseas.
Anyone use this on a Weimaraner? We have tried all the PC methods and after 10 years there has got to be a solution!
Will this device be suitable for a dog that weighs approx. 10 lbs?
My Boxer wades in and out of the lake in the summer - how "fully waterproof" is it?
Will this collar distinguish the wearer's bark from other dogs barking or other loud noises?
Is there a warantee on this?
Does thi work with the "invisible fence" system. I have the inground system but one of the collars is broken
Is the battery included with this collar? What kind of battery does it use?
would this collar work for an 8lb dog?
does perimeter have rechargeable batteries?
Does this come with the training no shock covers for the contacts?
do i have to have the underground fence for this collar?
will this work on a DogWatch hidden fence system?
Will this work on Canine Fence 10k frequency?
Does the static correction automatically time out after a certain period of time so that my dog won't get zapped indefinitely?
Does this collar work with the 7k frequency? need to know asap
This ramp works for up to what height?
How much weight can it support? My older dog(almost 14 yrs old)is between 55-70 pounds and struggles to get up our 3 steps to get into the house.
I don't want it for pets. I want it to stand over one step up into my mobilehome to slide my grocery cart .??
would this be suitable for dodge truck with extended cab in back of driver? have 3 minpins and have to lift them into the truck for vet trips
i have a brick stoop that is one step high (10 inches). would the lip of the ramp slide off of the brick step and collapse? also it would be outdoors and my dog weighs 25 lbs
Can I use it to help my dog get on my bed easily? Will it work between the box springs and the mattress? He is a large dog whose back legs don't work
Is it too steep an angle for a bed?
i am confused. The product says 39.5 length - someone here said "only up a foot" please - what is the length? Thanks for your help!
I have a 4 month old lab that will grow to 75 lbs &amp; a '08 Rav4 with a 21" high ascent to the back area. Will this work? Degree of incline issues?
How much weight can it take?My dog is 125 pounds.
with just a single flap how energy efficient is it?
Can the door be locked if I am traveling and the dog doesn't need to use it?
Have you had problems with rodents or other small animals entering your home?
Whats the dimensions of the door? I mean the portion the animal goes thru?
What is the rough outside measurement?What is the actual door size? I am replacing an old dog door and need these exact measurements. Am I responsible
I am thinking of buying this doggy door, but it will be in a front door and I am wondering about the safety issue. When it is closed up for the night,
Does it have replacement parts (i.e. the flap)? I have 5 dogs that are constantly in and out and I have replaced current door flap twice in 3 years.
How quiet is it when the dog goes in and/or out?
Could a house cat share this door? I need my cats and dogs to be able to acces my enclosed patio and want to make sure the flap isn't too heavy for 15 pound cats to operate.
What are all the ingredients?
There were two negative reviews from mid June that indicate there was a spoiled batch, I understand these things can happen. Has the problem been res
Can this be set up for auto ship?
Please list the ingredients
Are these the smaller pieces? I need to have the smaller pieces for my two dogs.
Will this be suitable for a meat curing chamber. I have a fridge and a humidifier and i need to regulate power to both to keep 55F and 65% humidity?
I am getting hermit crabs. Can i use it in their tank?
Will this switch on/off line voltage? How many amps?
Is this usable with the Monsoon rainfall system? having trouble with humidity for my ball python
Would I be able to plug a Bar plug into the heat plug for more heat pads.
how does this hook up to heaters and fogger/mister? does it just have a slandered female ac plug that you plug the mats and misters in to?
Can one program the temeperature of the "night time feature," or turn the feature off?
will this controller work for a room that is 5'x5'? or it made just for aquariums?
Do you have an equivalent 220V for NZ/Australia? I need to have my item replaced.
I have two separate habitats right next to each other. Could I use this to control the temperature in one and the humidity in the other one?
Can you use a 2 L bottle instead of the supplied 1L to get more prolonged use from this?
Can you use this for a pet garden snail?
How long is the tube?
Can you use 220V in Europa?
could i use this for a russian tortoise
I just purchased this and set it up. filled the bottle seated all parts properly light and fan turns on but no fog through the tube. any ideas?
How do you attach it to your lid? Does it just fog through the screen?
Is the fogger suppose to make a load buzzing noise the entire time it is on?
The light comes on and the fan seems to be running, but I'm getting no fog. Is mine defective or am I missing something?
Will this fog up my entire 18x 18x 36x &acirc;&#128;&#156;Screen Cage&acirc;&#128;&#157;.
I use my trimmer, use this spray and then follow up with oil. Is this a correct way to do it?
Can I disinfect other tools with this(scissors.nail clippers.tweezers etc.)?
Is this better then Clippercide http://www.amazon.com/dp/B0017QLA7I/r...
Is this better then this version http://www.amazon.com/Andis-12750-Coo...
Do I use the spray before or after using the clippers?
How do you use this?
Can I oil the blades after using this?
What's the mg of Pgx in this ?
I was surprised to read the label and discover that the dietary fiber is 2g. Isn't that low? Especially for a fiber supplement?
Is this product gluten free?
do you have to swallow..can you chew them?
Does this fiber bind to vitamins and medicines or delay the absorption?
Is there a expiration date on bottle?
can u take the pills with high blood pressure
What are the ingredient in this Capsules?
Will this work to curb hunger in the evening after dinner? My problem is night stress eating. would be great to take instead of eating.
How large are these pills?
I ordered this for my dog and it came already turned on so needless to say it doesn't work. What can I do to fix this so I can actually use it.?
What size is it? I want to put it on a 17-pound miniature poodle.
what color would you recommend for nighttime walking?
How big is it?
What type of battery life are you getting when on flashing mode?
I can't figure out how to open mine to change the battery. Any help please?
what is the rate of blinking when in flash mode? flashes once a second, steady on for one second then off for two seconds, etc.
one person says it takes CR2032 battery, another says CR2016. which is it?
what kind of batteries does this take? is it easy to change battery?
I purchased 3 of the dog collar lights from Niteize with a battery and light # PA112. I need to replace these batteries as the lights are burn out
Is this one long piece of tarp or 3 pieces?
is this made for two dogs
Will this help to protect my dog from cold wind gust during the winter months? Or will the mesh material allow too much of the cold breeze through?
Is it 57 inches long, it seem wider that?
what is the shipping box dimensions.
does it cover the back also?
does it covers the sides and top?
Where can I find the Kennel in the picture? I already have the cover.
Just to clarify, this is a 1 piece tarp that wraps around and covers the end and 2 sides (3 sides total) of the kennel, is this correct?
does the roof come with this
14pound mixed; neck 11.2; chest 17 - - what size is best
size chart
what size would be best for a 4lb long haired chihuahua puppy
what size should I order for a 65 lb. dog with a big chest? He's a mixed breed.
Does anyone use this for a cat? What size for a 13 lb cat is recommended?
My Bichon is hot in his harness. Is this vest a good summer substitute for him?
Does it have a fastener that is velcro and one that clips
What specific batteries do I use with the D.T. Systems Ultra-e2090 no bark callar?
will this work on my 5lb chihuahua?
Where can I get a replacement magnet to turn the collar on and off?
will this collar go off with other dogs barking?
Is it activated by vibration or sound ?
Has anyone used this successfully with a big dog? I have an 85 lb yellow lab who goes out the door barking (at no one)...we've tried the "spray".
Does this work on a dog over 100 lbs? I have a long hair GSD who does great on the invisible fence and barks non stop.
i have a very skittish and nervous 3-year-old cockapoo that barks at almost everything. will this help knowing his personality?
The three bolts are inside the collar. Don't they push into the dog's throat?
Has anyone ever used this on a cat? Our cat meows so much that the neighbors are bothered by it; she meows for at least 30 mins before meal times.
What is the expiration date of your current stock--if I order it today, what will be the expiration date of the bottle I receive?
The title says 1% ivermectin (Noromectin) but the photo shows a generic from Sparhawk Labs instead so which one do you recieve?
Does Noromectin destroys of hookworms, heartworms roundworm and tapeworms?
how do you figure the dosage for cats
Can I inject it into for example, a hotdog for my dog to take it orally, or do I have to give it to her as a shot?
Did everyone receive the product in a dark brown glass bottle? (Ivermectin is light-sensitive.)
Can you tell me what the current expiration date for this is if I order today? 6/5/14?
will this product control ticks on cattle
Is this the same as Vetrimec or Ivomec 1%?
can this be used on a rabbit ?
How soon should I vacuum after it dries?
seriously...how long does it take to dry if used on carpeting? when, of course, not oversprayed? do the two cats need to leave the dwelling? humans 2
What is the difference between Virbac Knockout and Virbac Knockout ES?
Does it work on Ticks
How long do pet have to be removed from the house?
CAN I SPRAY OUTSIDE BY THE PORCH AND CAGE AREA
At the bottom of the can on one side it has a date. Does it expire on that date?
Can I use it on my bed? Should I wash sheets after? Is it ok to stay in the house after treatment or do my pet and I need to leave for a few hours?
What's the weight limit?
How sturdy is the fabric if your cats scratch at it?
is it good for big cats?
How to get my cat to like it?
its weight ? thank you
can my adult 7 lb cat fully stretch when clawing at the sisal scratcher??
How much assembly is required
What is the size and weight of the packaged product?. The size of its packaging to calculate shipping cost.
Is it safe and sturdy? will it tip over if my cats are playing on it?
Is it waterproof
I have 2 dogs and would need to use 2 of these. Can you activate one collar without activating the other accidentally? Are there different channels
hi, coes anyone know the range for the remote radtio to work? i need like 150 feet or so
What are the weight and dimensions of the unit?
Would this work on my 4 pound chihuahua, or would it be too big?
If I buy a scond spray collar for my 2nd dog will new remote set off spray on my first dog's collar (older remote)
Does this come with the charging unit?
is there a small part/sleeve that fits over the metal post on the base? I cleaned the cage and now saucer won't stay on the base. help?
i have a grown hamster. is she still able to get the 7 inch with it being a little small? i want her to fit without having trouble.
What size should I use for a robo dwarf hamster?
Is it ok for a ferret?
would this size fit a grown hedgehog?
Is this wheel really quiet? and would it be ok for a sugar glider?
Is the wheel a two piece wheel that is easy to snap together?
What's the actual size? The title says 7.25" but some reviews say 6.5". Is it a good size for a Chinese hamster?
chinchilla
is this big enough for a syrian. I have a 30 gallon tank and was wondering if this was big enough for my syrian.
Are these chewy or crunchy treats? It's hard to tell by the photo and my dog isn't a fan of crunchy Milkbone-ish treats.
i need something to calm my chihuahua's fear of nail clipping. she absolutely has a fit when i attempt to clip her nails. think these would help?
Has anyone used it for flying with your dog?
How long does this product last? I'm about to move into a city apartment, and I have a Chorkie and a Silky that both love to bark all day.
Works against the terror of the fireworks?
My dog is 20 pounds what should I order. small or large
Do these treats have a foul odor? I tried another calming treat and they make me sick to even open the container and my dog wouldn't eat them.
Can you give these to cats?
What are the ingredients?
Can I give this to my 4 month old puppy?
It is listed red/yellow. My dogs will only play with the yellow ones. How can I make sure I receive yellow only?. I need a couple of them.
Is this the rubber ball type or the new hard plastic kind that my dog hates?
I what is the diameter of the ball? Thanks, Joy
Hi there is there anyway these could be shipped to england, if so how much, many thanks
Do you still only have red? My dog only plays with the yellow too!
Does urine-off work on unsealed concrete?
If I have used other products(unsuccessfully), do I need to flush area with water or other treatment before the Urine Off will be effective?
will this product work on sub flooring, the flooring underneath the carpet pad, it has not been treated with anything.
Is this veterinarian strength?
I need to remove the dog pee from my wood work on my walls and from the grout of my tile floor. Will this product remove the pee?
Can I use this on my lawn to remove the odor?
Wll this REMOVE BLACK STAIN FROM HARDWOOD?
Is this the same solution used in the spray bottles, where you spray and then cover?
Can I put this product in a carpet cleaning machine and do the whole house at one time?
Do I need to keep the treated area wet or allow to air dry first... The areas I'm treating have been treated with another product previously (unsuccessfully!)
Is it tearless?
Does it really remove the stains? If so, does it work over time or with first use?
What are the ingredients??
Can this be used as a wash for the whole body as well as for the face? Thanks!
Can this be used every 6 weeks to remove stains or does it need to be used every day for it to work?
Our old kitty weighs under 10 pounds - will he be heavy enough to activate it?
what are the dimensions of this product?
My cat is 12 lbs. Would this be too small for him? How cushiony is it?
Does this have temperature setting? If not how warm does it get?
Can this be left on 24/7 ?
How long is the cord?
Has anyone had one that got to hot? Wondered why my old cat was always getting off and on, felt underneath and it was extremely hot.
Can it be used for a small dog as well as a cat?
Can it be used outdoors on a covered porch?
can you use the kitty pad outside if it's kept in a kitty house/enclosure?
does this remove gasoline order from car carpet
will it get rid of ferril cat odor and urine smell in basement
Does it work on leather, as in purse?
i have a terrible smell of flux like chemical smell or burning chemical smell in my clothes and its smelling up my room will this work on the smell?
Our old kitty weighs under 10 pounds - will he be heavy enough to activate it?
what are the dimensions of this product?
My cat is 12 lbs. Would this be too small for him? How cushiony is it?
Does this have temperature setting? If not how warm does it get?
Can this be left on 24/7 ?
How long is the cord?
Has anyone had one that got to hot? Wondered why my old cat was always getting off and on, felt underneath and it was extremely hot.
Can it be used for a small dog as well as a cat?
Can it be used outdoors on a covered porch?
can you use the kitty pad outside if it's kept in a kitty house/enclosure?
Our old kitty weighs under 10 pounds - will he be heavy enough to activate it?
what are the dimensions of this product?
My cat is 12 lbs. Would this be too small for him? How cushiony is it?
Does this have temperature setting? If not how warm does it get?
Can this be left on 24/7 ?
How long is the cord?
Has anyone had one that got to hot? Wondered why my old cat was always getting off and on, felt underneath and it was extremely hot.
Can it be used for a small dog as well as a cat?
Can it be used outdoors on a covered porch?
can you use the kitty pad outside if it's kept in a kitty house/enclosure?
Our old kitty weighs under 10 pounds - will he be heavy enough to activate it?
what are the dimensions of this product?
My cat is 12 lbs. Would this be too small for him? How cushiony is it?
Does this have temperature setting? If not how warm does it get?
Can this be left on 24/7 ?
How long is the cord?
Has anyone had one that got to hot? Wondered why my old cat was always getting off and on, felt underneath and it was extremely hot.
Can it be used for a small dog as well as a cat?
Can it be used outdoors on a covered porch?
can you use the kitty pad outside if it's kept in a kitty house/enclosure?
What is the average size blanket for a quarter horse?
what is the fill weight? I want a mid-weight, not the heavy weight. Thanks!
what is the difference between 72" and 72In
I have an older horse who needs a light blanket for the nicer days in Louisiana. do i need the light or medium weight?
Do you use UPS for your standard shipping carrier?
How do you measure for the correct size?
Do people have a problem with the cats chewing the strings off? I'm concerned about my cats chewing one off and trying to swallow it. Thank you.
How can I encourage my cat to play with this tunnel? Thanks!
Is the inside the material of a scratch post? Will it help with the cats scratching?
Do the springs keep the tunnel open or does it collapse with cats playing in it?
Are their peep holes for the kittens. One area looked like it did another did not. Did not say either way.
Are the supporting wires a continuous spiral or individual rings?
How strong is the material? Looks like my Bengal will rip it to shreds.
Is it noisy when cats use it?
Can anyone et me know the true colors of the tunnel? thank you in advance!
my cat is around 10lb. up to what size cat is this toy best for?
Does this have a clear light or do you have to use one of the colored lights?
Do you sell the air pump separately? I need a replacement.
Are all the decorations included?
I am looking for a replacement light for my tank. Does anyone know where I can buy one? I went back to walmart but they did not have anything. This
Where do I find an LED light (which includes 6 switchable color selections)
Can I keep the air pump on 24/7?
Is this too small to keep a betta fish?
comes with heater or you can put one to keep a betta fish?
I ordered this tank a few years ago and i'm just now setting it up. i was given two air pumps instead of 1 air pump and 1 12v power cord. what do i do
Is it normal to have some distortion when viewing at certain angles?
Would this last for a German Shepherd? She destroys all "indestructible" toys in 5 minutes or less. The only thing that lasts is a Kong solid ball.
Do u think this would work well as a tennis ball for playing actual tennis?
What size chuck it ball should I order for a medium dog (50 pounds)?
How long does this stay glowing after you "charge" it?
Does this ball have a hole? We have glow balls with a hole and they seem to crack.
I'm not sure which size Chuckit ball launcher I have. Both Chuckit and tennis balls are compatible with it. Which size glow ball will I need?
Will I actually be able to play tennis with this ball?
What size chuck it glow ball will fit the standard tennis ball chuck it thrower? Thanks. :)
Can i play tennis with this ball?
for cats?
what size collar for 90 pound dog
Is this collar, 18 inch Mediumweight, stainless or chrome?
what size collar for a 30 pound dog
I've had issues with prong collars falling off my 75 lb. lab. Should I be worried with this brand?
What size mm are the prongs with this collar?
My dog measures a 'snug' 18 inches just behind her ears (where the collar should be worn). Will this collar be long enough?
Has anyone had a problem with the collar causing discoloration on the dog's fur? Any solutions on what to do? Is this causing harm?
My labradoodle, Emerson, has a neck circumference of 15 inches just behind his ears. What would be the best length to order?
Is this a genuine Herm Sprenger?
I have a 42 pounds border collie can I use de 18" 3mm
My dog's hair turned yellow, what do I do
Is this product to use every 7 days, or every day. Thank you
Can I use it on my adult Cat? I just purchased it by accident, and got it in the mail today.
Is it still eppective after going in water?
how good is this against ticks?
rabbits?
can I use this on my cats. more affordable for me on a limited budget. seems to have same ingredeints
how effective is this?
If the list of ingredients is here somewhere, I am missing it. IMHO, it should be here so we can make informed decisions re how to treat our pets.
How does this hook onto the cage?
Can you just set it in the bottom of the cage?
Is it large enough for cocatiels?
I have a quaker parrot is it big enough for her?
Can the unit accommodate 2 different lamp sizes, i.e. 18in and 24in?
For what type of creatures can the included bulbs accommadate? I am considering buying this for my son's emperor scorpions that need to stay warm.
Can you place the bulbs directly on top of the tank with a metal screen, and will the UVB rays still reach the reptile without a reflector hood?
could you use this for two terrariums? one bulb in each or would you need both bulbs in each terrariums
What are the dimensions of the hood? I want to fit it on my 2 ft by 1 ft tank.
Is it big enough for a teddy bear hamster?
Is this cage easy to clean?
HELP! My wheel is loud and wobbly - what am I doing wrong?
Can you remove the wheel?
how to change water?
How big is the wheel? Is it 8 inches and large enough for a syrian?
What are the dimensions of the cage??
Is there a whole lot of potential for gerbils to chew this up?
Will the dwarf tubes fit on this? I can't tell by looking at the tubes, but it looks like they are wider where they connect like they might fit this.
Is this cage heavy when all set up with toys and everything? It'll be on top of my rabbit's cage and I don't want it caving in on him.
Can I use this nest for my zebra finches
My female has laid 10 eggs. None have hatched, though the parents are sitting on the eggs. Should I be worried?
I bought this nesting box, and the hooks are too wide to fit between the bars of the cage. How did you remedy that?
do we put any soft stuff in the nesting box?
Would this work for Bourke Parakeets?
Do they make a bigger nest box out of the same plastic that the Visions nesting box was make from in a larger
Would this work for love birds
Does it come with a light on the top?
Does this kit include a warming lamp?
Can I use this for a baby ball python? Would you suggest a small or medium or something entirely different?
Is it good with whites tree frogs?
Does the cover hold two light bulbs or one?
Is this a good kit for one crested gecko? What size should I get and does it come with the plants and vines pictured on the box? Thanks.
Does the "rock wall" shown in the picture come with the kit?
would a pair of chameleons fit in the tank with no problem?
Does it come with bedding
Could I put a tarantula in here?
how do you take the blue base off to clean the inside of the dome ?
I bought three domes for three art. #55600,it does'nt fit. would like to have the fountain belonging, but not the with food dispenser. Which one?
How does this enhance the cat water drinking experience? And how does it attach to the fountain? I can't quite envision it....
I understand you get the clear dome and the blue bottom. Does this kit also come with the gasket and spring valve pieces too? Thanks.
I just want to clarify, this product is the complete water reservoir? The picture just looks like the plastic bubble without the bottom or spring
Im wondering what would be the best lighting bulbs if I have 2 large hoods. 4 bulbs each for a Tall/Large tank 36x18x36?
Does this fixture get hot on the outside?
Does this item fluctuate much in price from $52.07?
Which is the ET Canopy with the 2 electric cords and 2 on/off switches? This one has one electric cord and two on/off switches.
Are they showing pictures from two different canopies? How can it have both one cord and two cords? Must be two separate canopies. Which is the one with the two cords for better timer control?
Why does the Description in this item say max 40w incandescent when the hood and manual say 25W max?
does this fixture hold 2 or 4 bulbs??
Will this fit UVB bulbs that are not coiled? What do you recommend? Since this is straying from the ReptiSun 10.0 tube
Will this hood take any other type of fluorescent bulb BESIDES the coiled ones?
Would our large hyper German Shepherd be able to knock this over and spill it? He "destroys" everything.
What gauge is the metal on this feeder? Is the door just held closed by gravity or is there a magnet to hold it closed to keep mice from getting in?
does this feeder portion control food? does it work on a timer
a complete list of ingredients, need a great dog food that also promotes joint health with ingredients like MSM, glucosamine and chondroitin.
Is the Adult dog food, small enough (the kibbles) for small breed doggies?
Does anyone know if the kibble size is the same as the c&amp;p organix adult?
my dogs have a bad reaction to any food unless it is grain free-can anyone tell me if this is truly GRAIN FREE?
Trying to figure out how many CUPS of food are ina 30 pound bag to schedule delivery. Im feeding the Ultramix Large Breed. Anyone know the answer?
Is this food organic?
Are all ingredients from the USA? That is, do you outsource ANY of the ingredients to another country? And if so, which ?
Is this food okay for senior dogs?
Can somebody tell me the protein percentage?
Is there an expiry date for this product? The bag I bought does not have a "best by" date.
a complete list of ingredients, need a great dog food that also promotes joint health with ingredients like MSM, glucosamine and chondroitin.
Is the Adult dog food, small enough (the kibbles) for small breed doggies?
Does anyone know if the kibble size is the same as the c&amp;p organix adult?
my dogs have a bad reaction to any food unless it is grain free-can anyone tell me if this is truly GRAIN FREE?
Trying to figure out how many CUPS of food are ina 30 pound bag to schedule delivery. Im feeding the Ultramix Large Breed. Anyone know the answer?
Is this food organic?
Are all ingredients from the USA? That is, do you outsource ANY of the ingredients to another country? And if so, which ?
Is this food okay for senior dogs?
Can somebody tell me the protein percentage?
Is there an expiry date for this product? The bag I bought does not have a "best by" date.
a complete list of ingredients, need a great dog food that also promotes joint health with ingredients like MSM, glucosamine and chondroitin.
Is the Adult dog food, small enough (the kibbles) for small breed doggies?
Does anyone know if the kibble size is the same as the c&amp;p organix adult?
my dogs have a bad reaction to any food unless it is grain free-can anyone tell me if this is truly GRAIN FREE?
Trying to figure out how many CUPS of food are ina 30 pound bag to schedule delivery. Im feeding the Ultramix Large Breed. Anyone know the answer?
Is this food organic?
Are all ingredients from the USA? That is, do you outsource ANY of the ingredients to another country? And if so, which ?
Is this food okay for senior dogs?
Can somebody tell me the protein percentage?
Is there an expiry date for this product? The bag I bought does not have a "best by" date.
a complete list of ingredients, need a great dog food that also promotes joint health with ingredients like MSM, glucosamine and chondroitin.
Is the Adult dog food, small enough (the kibbles) for small breed doggies?
Does anyone know if the kibble size is the same as the c&amp;p organix adult?
my dogs have a bad reaction to any food unless it is grain free-can anyone tell me if this is truly GRAIN FREE?
Trying to figure out how many CUPS of food are ina 30 pound bag to schedule delivery. Im feeding the Ultramix Large Breed. Anyone know the answer?
Is this food organic?
Are all ingredients from the USA? That is, do you outsource ANY of the ingredients to another country? And if so, which ?
Is this food okay for senior dogs?
Can somebody tell me the protein percentage?
Is there an expiry date for this product? The bag I bought does not have a "best by" date.
a complete list of ingredients, need a great dog food that also promotes joint health with ingredients like MSM, glucosamine and chondroitin.
Is the Adult dog food, small enough (the kibbles) for small breed doggies?
Does anyone know if the kibble size is the same as the c&amp;p organix adult?
my dogs have a bad reaction to any food unless it is grain free-can anyone tell me if this is truly GRAIN FREE?
Trying to figure out how many CUPS of food are ina 30 pound bag to schedule delivery. Im feeding the Ultramix Large Breed. Anyone know the answer?
Is this food organic?
Are all ingredients from the USA? That is, do you outsource ANY of the ingredients to another country? And if so, which ?
Is this food okay for senior dogs?
Can somebody tell me the protein percentage?
Is there an expiry date for this product? The bag I bought does not have a "best by" date.
a complete list of ingredients, need a great dog food that also promotes joint health with ingredients like MSM, glucosamine and chondroitin.
Is the Adult dog food, small enough (the kibbles) for small breed doggies?
Does anyone know if the kibble size is the same as the c&amp;p organix adult?
my dogs have a bad reaction to any food unless it is grain free-can anyone tell me if this is truly GRAIN FREE?
Trying to figure out how many CUPS of food are ina 30 pound bag to schedule delivery. Im feeding the Ultramix Large Breed. Anyone know the answer?
Is this food organic?
Are all ingredients from the USA? That is, do you outsource ANY of the ingredients to another country? And if so, which ?
Is this food okay for senior dogs?
Can somebody tell me the protein percentage?
Is there an expiry date for this product? The bag I bought does not have a "best by" date.
a complete list of ingredients, need a great dog food that also promotes joint health with ingredients like MSM, glucosamine and chondroitin.
Is the Adult dog food, small enough (the kibbles) for small breed doggies?
Does anyone know if the kibble size is the same as the c&amp;p organix adult?
my dogs have a bad reaction to any food unless it is grain free-can anyone tell me if this is truly GRAIN FREE?
Trying to figure out how many CUPS of food are ina 30 pound bag to schedule delivery. Im feeding the Ultramix Large Breed. Anyone know the answer?
Is this food organic?
Are all ingredients from the USA? That is, do you outsource ANY of the ingredients to another country? And if so, which ?
Is this food okay for senior dogs?
Can somebody tell me the protein percentage?
Is there an expiry date for this product? The bag I bought does not have a "best by" date.
Does the product contain only plant based enzymes? My boy needs pancreatic enzymes as well. I have been using Bertes Blend and would like to try this.
Does this need to be refrigerated?
If I can only afford one product (probiotics or the total enzymes) which is better for gas and improved stool function?
How much calcium is in this product? And is it suitable for growing puppies?
Is this powder pink now? last time I ordered it was a white powder.
My Boxer have hip problem hard for her to get up her balance is not so good will enzymes help her?
is it sourced in the USA
Is this powder pink now? Last time I ordered it was a white powder.
Will this sweater fit an 18lb Jack Russell Shorty?
Where's a size chart?
is this sweater harness friendly
hi i have a shiba inu 5 months old, do you think it fits good if i choose medium?
Will this sweater fit a 30 pound (lb) beagle&Acirc;&iquest;
Italian Grayhound. 13lbs. About 12" along back. Male. Think it will fit?
do u think the sweater will fit 32 lb dog
Will it fit a Dachshund? 12" neck, 19# chest, 16" lenght
How many inches from neck to tail
how is this use as a reptile dripper?
can you adjust the flow rate or is it just 3.5 gph. i wanting to use to add Kalk but want to do way slower than that
Would it possibly work to rig these in series to pump higher than 30 inches?
What size inlet and outlet hose will I need?
After this pump shuts off will water still flow - will it still siphon if my source is higher than destination?
size of product?
I know its a 30" overhead (pump 30" high) but here is my question. can it pump 30" overhead if its already pulling water from below itself say 12"?
Is there a power cord included or do I have to buy it separately?
Greetings, Could please tell me how I use this pump. she has 2 connections. which is so.? not understand. Thanks for a good explanation.
What is the voltage for this. I'm in Australia &amp; our electrical output is 240volts.
Where are these made? USA?
Is the tablet size large enough to fit two pills--a small and medium sized tablet wrapped togther? Would capsule size be better?
Do all of the ingredients originate in the United States? (or ANYWHERE EXCEPT CHINA?)
Are these the big ones?
How many in a bag?
What size do they come in, what size would work for a 8lb dog?
iS there OVERSEA SHIPPING ?
Where are these made? USA?
Is the tablet size large enough to fit two pills--a small and medium sized tablet wrapped togther? Would capsule size be better?
Do all of the ingredients originate in the United States? (or ANYWHERE EXCEPT CHINA?)
Are these the big ones?
How many in a bag?
What size do they come in, what size would work for a 8lb dog?
iS there OVERSEA SHIPPING ?
how many in a 21 oz bag? size of busy bone?
Is this product made in U.S.A.??
Is this safe for a 4 months old pup?
Does anyone know where these are made? Thx
Who is the seller
Will this fit my full grown holland lop?
WHERE DO I FIND THE SIZING CHART?
Would this fit my baby lionhead bunny? is it adjustable?
Does it have a bottom?
Is this a 45 inch one? Please leave measurements. Thanks
How flexible is this? I'm looking for something to transport cats in my car. The space is wide enough, but only 33inches front to back.
Does anyone know an easy way to fold it back up? I just can't figure it out.
Big enough for 10 pound dog?
Is this pen good for a small dog to recover from surgery
what size is it
What are the dimensions?
What are dimensions?
how is the bottom attached? Velcro or zipper?
How does this product compare to Angel Eyes for tear stains? Im looking for an alternative to AE for my malshi puppy. Also, what are the ingredients in this product? Any antibiotics...?Thanks!
Will this work on an apricot Cockapoo as well?
What is in this product?
Is this product for white dogs? i have a red haired mini dachshund and her tear stains are awful, will this kit help or is it only for white dogs?
What is the size of tearlax in this kit ?
Why is this product listed in a search for "chicken jerky treats made in USA"?
I want to know about how safe this product is for dogs? I will not buy until this matter is settled. Where are they made?
USA Made??
is the chicken tenders hard? Those are the ones my dog loves...I hope they are not soft or chewy...He loves to naw on them...
Why is this product listed in the "Made in USA" when package clearly states "Made in China?
Is the bag really 48 ounces?
Are these made in China that are causiing death and sickness to dogs?
why do you have pet products made in CHINA???
Why has this product gone up $11.00 in the last month? I've been paying around $24.00 over the last year, for several purchases. Boo to Amazon!
How soon will you have more in stock? I am ready to purchase now. Thanks!
Would this product work well on a Great Pyrenees? She has alot of hair!
How loud is the motor? My little poodle hates having her feet clipped is it easy to manuver?
Does this kit include a rotary detail trimmer? The photo seems to show such an attachment.
I love these trimmers but need to order a new blade. What model blade should I order?
I lost two of the four plastic guides. . Does the 3379 Stainless Steel Attachment Guide Combs for 5 in 1 Blades fit this model?
Does this clipper have multi voltage so they work in Europe ?
I plan to do the sanitary trim on my skittish young Persian kitten. Is the pink model really quiet, as stated in some reviews?
how long does the battery hold a charge when trimming dogs? I have 2 and trim both the same day.
I have a Wahl Chromstyle 85480 will this blade fit? they say to use 41884-7140
I love my Wahl clipper and the adjustable blade. However, after a short time the blade catches and no longer cuts well. Anyone else have this issue?
course vs fine?
will these blades fit the wahl cordless super groom
will this fit my Wahl 9990-502?
The head(blade) is getting hot when I grooming my dog. is it coz of head, or motor?
Which blade should I order for grooming of my cats----the fine or the coarse? I have a Wahl trimmer but not sure which of the two blades it requires.
Hi, I would like to know if this blade can fit an ARCO-SE model 8786-600 limited edition pink cordless clipper. Thank you
I want to know if this blade is just the head, or is it ready to be attached to my wahl clippers?
What is the difference between the fine, coarse or pro blade. I have Persian and Himalayans.
Whatis the diameter of the base and also the height of the lip of the base?
what temperature does this go down to to keep the water from freezing? Like outside temp is 0*
Is this fountain bpa free?
I hate that you have to fill this from the bottom. Has anyone drilled a hole in the top and used a funnel to fill it?
I'd like to run this or something like it at 12V. Any ideas on how to get there? Should I look for a 12v heater, 100w inverter or something else?
I purchased this item in Sept.of 2013 so it is only 15 months old and the water is freezing at 20 degrees. Shouldn't this last more than a year?
When not plugging in the heater for winter months. Does the cord stay attached to the water feeder or do you take it off somehow?
I purchased the "All-Seasons" Heated Plastic Poultry Fountain - 3 Gal. Model HPF-100, 100-Watt in the fall. Do you sell replacement plugs for it?
How long will the container of Cosequin Optomized last?
does this come with a scoop,
How much expiration margin will be shipped the product? I mean, If I need 1 'box' by year can I buy 2 or 3 to pay just one delivery?
How many times per week do you use this product on your hair?
Is this the same as Ovation Cell Therapy?
Is this product good for thinning edges -- How often should I use it? -- Can I leave it in my hair?
Does it work on caucasion, white hair
Does age matter when applying this?
Everybody does realize this is for horses right?
is this the original formula
Can you list the ingredients please?
will hair break when stop useing
I've used this 3 times (1/3 ea MT, conditioner &amp; castor oil), left in 30 min. Lost LOTS of hair each time. Is this temporary? I hope!
How do I prevent this from sliding around on the floor when the cats try to use it? My cats love this and want to use it, but as soon as they try, it slides around. It doesn't matter what type of floor I put this on, carpet/hardwood/laminate, it...
1. What are the dimensions of the scratcher part? 2. Are refills available?
I am new to owning a cat and inherited this 8 year old female from my daughter. Will this type help trim down her claws?
Big &amp; sturdy enough for 20 lb cat?
What is the height of this item? I am confused about the dimensions. Thanks!
can you buy refills for this? i have one from last Christmas and its still in great shape other than the scratching part.
I know that the flap is listed as 7 by 11 inches but the older version of this flap was actually 7 by 11 1/2 inches...What are the actual dimensions?
Does this flap have holes for 3 screws at the top or 4? The picture does not show the top.
Concerning the medium sized 11.5 X 7 door flap. Is it possible to cut it down to fit a 6 1/8 X 10 1/4 door without losing bottom metal piece?
I have the plastic in door model of the actual door that measues approximately 7 X 11 1/2. will this flap fit the model I have?
does it come with the plastic bar for the screws to go in
Can I also buy the plastic strip that attaches to the outside at the top of the flap? My dog broke that when he pulled the flap off.
Is this flat clear/easy to see thru or is it cloudy?
The flap I need to replace is 12 inches including the top section with the holes, will this 7x11.5 fit? The 7x11 from HD is too short.
Does the flap have three holes at the top for mounting (not shown in the picture)? Otherwise, how does it attach to the pet door frame?
not sre who mfg my dr I rmoved dr the # 6940. I think the cld curls the dr it sys med meas 6 7/8 X 11 1/2. do u thnk it wld work and not wrp in cld?
Do you also carry the hard plastic piece that goes right above the flap? Ours broke.
I don't see holes at the top to attach the screws?
I need a replacement flap and the sliding door to lock out the pets, do you have those?
What size is it
Does the flap come in a plastic that is not clear?
comment says, packaging says, "fits only specific doors", can you be more specific?
I see from the photo there is a logo in the middle of the flap so I am guessing that this the new style?
Is this replacement flap a lighter plastic than the extreme weather door. The extreme door is too heavy for my 5 lb dog to push it open. I need something lighter but not the screen flap. A light plastic?
Does this one have the plastic top part that just slides into the top of the frame? I can't tell by the image.
Having a"Pet Safe" brand door, using a flap about twice as expensive as this one I ask: who tried the Ideal Flap in the PetSafe door successfully?
is there a way to adjust the intake tube and make it shorter? if so, whats the length?
VERY NOISY ~ is there a way to make it more quiet?
Would this filter be too strong for a betta, in a 10 gallon tank?
I just purchased a 20 gallon tank from the goodwill and this filter came with it. Is it too small for 20 gallon or should I buy a bigger one?
Is this filter a bio and chemical?
How far over the water does the filter hang? My hood has a punchout that allows maybe two inches for a filter to fit.
What is the flow rate for the PF10? It's not in the description, but I assume it is around 50 GPH. Is it?
How does this attach to the aquarium?
Does this filter come with one or more bio-bags to start?
hi, why does this thing make the fishes stuck inside?
where are the screw holes for the top track..see the metal riveted bar but no screw holes
my old frame has 7 holes and the replacement had only 5 can I get one with 7 holes in the top?
Is this clear or opaque?
The description says- Product Dimensions: 0.6 x 15.2 x 20.9 inches, but im wondering is that the exact dimension of this flap?
Does this have the plastic ridge across the top that slides through? I cant tell from the pic but sounds like mine. Thanks
does this come with the plastic bar that goes over the screws
how does it mount ? screws or slot
The flap is supposedly 20" long, but the "product dimensions" indicates it's really 20.9" long. I have an odd size dog door opening, and the 20.9" would work - but 20" would not. Thanks.
Can the cable be wrapped to give less than 20' of movement?
what is diameter of cable?
Does the part where you hook the lead up to the stake rotate? Or is it stationary?
I have a 100lb Great Dane I want to take to the lake with me but she likes to run off, would this work for her?
Is the mesh fine enough for using with cracked corn?
Does this feeder tray come with the hanging chain, or is that an extra item to purchase?
does it rust? is it made in USA, or where?
How long is this feeder? From top (hanging ring) to bottom.
Is the cover all the same fabric, or is there a different material on the bottom side? thanks
Can you wash the 46 x 29 in any standard household washing machine? The bed seems kind of big...
is it a foam mattress?
I'd need the 40 x 27; how thick is it?
Anyone had a problem with the fabric shedding either before, during or after washing? How thick is the 21x12?
How much does the delivery cost (to Macao, China) ?
What size should I get for my 60lb golden retriever?
What size would you recommend for a close to 40 pound Beagle mix?
am i able to put this into a cage that is 18 x 12 x 14 ?
Where is it made ? Since it doesn't say "Made in USA" I assume it comes from China.
Is the cover all the same fabric, or is there a different material on the bottom side? thanks
Can you wash the 46 x 29 in any standard household washing machine? The bed seems kind of big...
is it a foam mattress?
I'd need the 40 x 27; how thick is it?
Anyone had a problem with the fabric shedding either before, during or after washing? How thick is the 21x12?
How much does the delivery cost (to Macao, China) ?
What size should I get for my 60lb golden retriever?
What size would you recommend for a close to 40 pound Beagle mix?
am i able to put this into a cage that is 18 x 12 x 14 ?
Where is it made ? Since it doesn't say "Made in USA" I assume it comes from China.
Is the cover all the same fabric, or is there a different material on the bottom side? thanks
Can you wash the 46 x 29 in any standard household washing machine? The bed seems kind of big...
is it a foam mattress?
I'd need the 40 x 27; how thick is it?
Anyone had a problem with the fabric shedding either before, during or after washing? How thick is the 21x12?
How much does the delivery cost (to Macao, China) ?
What size should I get for my 60lb golden retriever?
What size would you recommend for a close to 40 pound Beagle mix?
am i able to put this into a cage that is 18 x 12 x 14 ?
Where is it made ? Since it doesn't say "Made in USA" I assume it comes from China.
Is the cover all the same fabric, or is there a different material on the bottom side? thanks
Can you wash the 46 x 29 in any standard household washing machine? The bed seems kind of big...
is it a foam mattress?
I'd need the 40 x 27; how thick is it?
Anyone had a problem with the fabric shedding either before, during or after washing? How thick is the 21x12?
How much does the delivery cost (to Macao, China) ?
What size should I get for my 60lb golden retriever?
What size would you recommend for a close to 40 pound Beagle mix?
am i able to put this into a cage that is 18 x 12 x 14 ?
Where is it made ? Since it doesn't say "Made in USA" I assume it comes from China.
Is the cover all the same fabric, or is there a different material on the bottom side? thanks
Can you wash the 46 x 29 in any standard household washing machine? The bed seems kind of big...
is it a foam mattress?
I'd need the 40 x 27; how thick is it?
Anyone had a problem with the fabric shedding either before, during or after washing? How thick is the 21x12?
How much does the delivery cost (to Macao, China) ?
What size should I get for my 60lb golden retriever?
What size would you recommend for a close to 40 pound Beagle mix?
am i able to put this into a cage that is 18 x 12 x 14 ?
Where is it made ? Since it doesn't say "Made in USA" I assume it comes from China.
When I close up button I see a different canopy; the close up looks shiny with a different finish; not a first view canopy; which will I get?
It says in size 48 x 13 in ordering process but when u get to purchase page the size then shows 48 x 12, so which is it?
Will this fit a 55 gallon aquarium ?
Would this be good for a medium sized dog? Like westie
What is the suggested weight limit for the weight of the cat or dog ?
what are the dimensions?
How do you collapse it
I am considering this for part crate training, part home for my 9 lb Havashire. Do you recommend it for this purpose? I read the ventilation was not adequate. Do you agree or will it be good?
does the front door come off?
Is this crate large enought for Tibetan Spaniels?
I will be traveling for up to 15 hours and usually put a small litter box in, would this carrier fit a small litter box?
How easy is it to clean?
Does anyone know if this carrier is airline approved?
Is it just one piece and has a mecanisim to fold or there are several pieces that you have to put together?
When it is in the folding case, how much does it weigh? We travel to dog shows so weight is definitely a concern for us.
can the top open up too ? thanks
is it possible to put a mesh wire folding crate inside the cloth one for a less portable set up? What size metal crate, a bit smaller?
What are the four metal angle pieces for?
Do the windows let down to cover to keep rain out? Is it waterproof? I'm looking for something that my dog can use occasionally outdoors.
anyone use this for cats...I am looking to travel with 2 15lb cats
Will this be large enough for a large German Shepherd, room enouch to turn around in
The description says brown but the picture looks orange. What color is it closer is it?
What are the dimensions of the extra large size once it is folded down?
What are the dimensions per brick? I've from product dimensions for a total of 16 Gallons. How much does it make?
if it is not good for albino frog aquarium what can I use. they eat the regular stones in the tank and I am afraid the thin sand will be ingested
Does this stuff expand like other "garden" coconut coirs?
Does this need to be replaced? If so, how frequently?
How much play sand should I add to one brick to fill 36"x24" tortoise table?
Does this have any pesticides? I'd like to use this for my Asian Forest Scorpion and Vietnamese Giant Centipede but I'm worried about pesticides.
Is this what I want for an anole tank and for a water dragon tank?
We also are unable to order this. Says can't ship it to our address (CA) when we go to check out. Not sure why.... Anybody know?
is this a good ground cover for albino water frogs
Can someone provide the estimate deminsion, measurement of one cermaic bio-piece? I will be using this in a small filter. Thanks
does this come with a bag to hold the pieces in? if not, dostores sell the bags seperate?
What stage in the FX5 would you use the pre filter in? Bottom, middle or top.
What is the total volume of this media? (entire box)
For those of use who don't know about filtration, someone please explain how to use this and other filter media. Where to place it and now to use it.
Can this pre-filter media be used with an Aquaclear 70 before the sponge filter/ without a filter bag, or is it a direct substitute for the sponge?
if you were to get filter bags how many would this fill? and how often would you rinse and change the media? would this media work in the fluval V?
where would i use this on a fluval 306
how many filters are in this package?
Is this product the same as bio media?
For those who have purchased from this seller, what are the ingredients for this product? Is it the old formula or the new one?
Bought the rebuilder for 4 extreme bald spots on my edges. I have been applying every night. How soon will i see results. I'm embarrassed. HELP
can you mix this product with oil and grease your scalp or do you have to wash out?
how many ounces is this one?
How many ounces is this bottle? I do not see a size indicated to compare it to other vendors and products.
What is the best way to use this product for humans?
Is the cover on this bed removable? Does it zip off?
Where is bed made?
Please make this in black. Do you know what black fur does to beds of this light color? PLEASE!
Will the AP-20 push enough air for three 8" Hydrofarm air stone plates? The pond is 14' circular and 2' - 3'? Thanks!
Would this aerator be too large for a 500 gallon pond with 2 very large Koi? Is there another I should consider? Thanks. Ron
What is included in the box for this air pump?
Do I need to purchase tubing and also the diffuser mechanism (bubbler) too?
I just received this in the mail and cannot connect it to my two 8 inch hydrofarm air stones. What splitter, adapter and tubing do I purchase please?
my pond is 1,000 gallons and is 2ft deep is this AP-20 air pump the size i need
How many Gallons or Liters per Minute? Thank You.
What's the difference between the Danner AP-20 and the Pondmaster AP-20? The look identical.
How much pressure should be coming out of the Danner AP 20 pump? Can block it with my thumb. Changed parts.
My pond is about 2 feet deep (1000 gallons) and freezes over in the winter about 1 1/2 inches. Will this work for me and can I just submerge it to the
can starlings cling to this?
can squirrels feed from it?
Does the plastic cap no longer fit over the hook so you don't risk losing it?
Can this unit be installed in a wall, rather than a door. We don't have a suitable door to let the cat in and out through a flap.
Can rechargeable batteries be used?
Raccoon
Does this model work with a microchip?
Can this door be programmed to always stay open? I have a cat that "visits" and when she is not there I dont want the others to deal with collars.
Can I install this in an interior door that is not metal?
Can I install this in an exterior door?
is this product raccoon proof
Can I purchase two doors and use the tags to allow each cat to enter only one door or are the tags identical?
Used this unlocked for a long time. Just programmed it, and the door will not lock. Any thoughts?
what is the exact length and width of this hood to the 1/16"?
what's the exact length's and widths of this fish tank light hood??
is this hood measurment really 24" or is it slightly smaller.
Are there knockouts in the back to fit over filters, heaters, etc.?
What gallon size tank is this made for?
What wattage bulb can this unit power
Is the bulb included? If yes - what kind/brand is it?
opening space otanf is 11 1/2 inchx 231/4 inch will this hood fit
Is this hood a 12X24
will this work as a replacement to my all glass 55 gallon aquarium? i have 2, 24 inch all glass lighting fixtures.
Can the resin in a used cartridge be recharged by immersion in a solution of salt water? It would extend its service life and reduce high initial cost
Does this cartrige fit in normal water filter canisters? They no longer make/sell the filter itself, but I want one. There's nothing else like it.
I ordered two and one of them has orange resin instead of green. The date on the box was the same (2004). Why?
Gaskets? Do the replacement cartridges come with new gaskets?
Is this Made in China? Does any of the ingredients (or raw material) come from China? I searched all over the bottle but cannot find this information.
It says to use 2 scoops but it doesn't come with a scoop and it doesn't tell you how large a scoop is. 1/4 tsp, 1/2 tsp, 3/4 tsp how much is a scoop
Does this product have an odor or taste&gt;
Is this supplement suitable for a 8 months old kitten?
Re the manufacturer being "Proprietary Information": huh? Where supplement ingredients are made matters so has anyone had a bad experience w/this?
I've read reviews on another site that say the metal does not go all the way into the handle - that the handle is mostly rubber and bends. True?
Nowhere on any site can I find the actual dimensions of this scoop- how big is it?
I use the Blue Walnut litter..will this work? I am tired of the scoops that bend and break.
Is there anything like the Scoop'N Hide that's wide enough to hold this?
the foam handle is tearing at the top where there is no metal. Can the handle cover be replaced?
Is there any way to request/ receive a specific color?
Where was this manufactured and can you recommend a caddy for it?
Does anyone have a recommendation for how to clean the scoop? I would just boil it or something, but with the rubber, not sure of best way to sanitize
Is the scooping part metal or plastic?
Does this scoop get the small clumps? I have had trouble with the plastic one I own letting the small stuff sift through.
I have an 8-week old lab puppy. Will she outgrow this in a week?!?
Do the bowls have mold with daily home use ? How long that mold starts showing up? Thank you
Is this one a good size for a mini schnauzer? Thanks :)
Do the legs collapse like the single bowls, buttons on the bottom, or are the paw prints on the side the buttons?
How tall is the feeder? I have an older greyhound and she has trouble eating from bowls on the floor.
How large of a dog can use this?
Any bulldog owners test this out? I'm worried about her head size and whether she'll be able to reach all the food in the bowl.
How tall are the medium and large feeders?
How many ounces do the bowls hold for a large size?
Would this bed fight a 90lbs black lab female? she's 7 years old and I was also wondering does the orthopedic foam really help?
Has anyone had trouble with the bed starting to sink in the middle due to wear?
Please explain what you get if your purchase 2 beds. 2 beds wt 3 covers? 2 beds wt 5 covers? See answers below.
The bonus free cover feels more soft then the original Denim cover. I was wondering if the purpose of this is to put the bonus on top of the original?
My dog Has severe arthritis. Is this very supportive foam for his joints where he won't feel hard floor underneath at all?
Will this be big enough for a 150 lb Newf that likes to stretch out?
Is this large enough for my 2 Rotties that weigh about 100 lbs?
Would this bed be big enough for a 100lb Bernise Mountain Dog?
What is the difference in the JPX and the MPX beds?
Where is this bed made? Where is the foam core manufactured?
Is the memory foam one solid piece? Thanks
so is the bed size 55 inches long and 37 inches wide?
I have a 120 pound Newfie and want to know if it's going to be big enough?
Does anyone have this 55" pad in the 54x37x45 crate, and if so, does it fit okay??
Since the cover is waterproof along with the liner can this be used as an outdoor dog bed? It would be on a covered porch but during the rain or snow would feel damp.
Could someone tell me how large the shipping package for this dog bed is? I need to make sure if it can fit in my car.
Do you have a full waterproof cover? Washed mine in the dryer and it melted. I have an incontinent dog so need waterrproof on both sides.
Does the zipper go all around the bed? Thanks
Hi. We want to buy 2 beds, but need them by this Friday. Any way to get them to Sewickley, PA (near Pittsburgh) without breaking the bank? Thanks!
where is it made?
The description says 15 ounces (pack of 6) is this a total of 90 ounces or is it 6 small packs that equal 15 ounces
Are these Small Dog size
how many calories in each treat?
Are they made in the usa
Are they made in usa
I'm looking for the small size of Milkbone maro snacks. The new boxes just say for dogs of all sizes. I'd like to know if they are for small dogs.
Would this leash work for pit bulls?
what would be a good slip lead leash size for a french bulldog?
Is this leash 8mm in diameter?
What is the recommended method to clean the slip lead?
How rough is the rope? My dog naturally has very thin fur coverage on his chest, armpits, and the throat of his neck.
What size do you suggest for a 6 month lab, she is learning well not to pull and I take her for long walks.
What diameter is the xs size?
What length is the XS?
When it gives the 4 and 6 ft lengths, where is it measuring from? The handle to then end, or the distance between the "collar" and "handle"?
Is it safe to use on a small dog like a terrier maltese mix? I would like to use it to train her on walks, since she pulls A LOT. Thanks.
eating pellets: Has anyone had any health problems with cats eating the pellets?
this is just a starter kit?
Is this litter box compatible with Feline Pine? Would this box work well with the sawdust that Feline Pine creates?
Have any of you ever reused/washed the pellets? I'm thinking about taking them out once a week and rinsing them in hot water to keep the box pristine!
Has anyone used this for rabbits? Needing a larger litter box with smell obsorption for the urine and this seems ideal.
How often do you change the pellets? The pads?
Has anyone had a problem with the urine smell? I love the litter box, but the smell is terrible! Solutions?
size
After scooping/removing poop, there are dozens of pellets with small amounts of poop smeared on them... Do you leave them or hand pick each one out?
How many bags of the pellets should I be using? I've used 4 bags, but I sometimes feel like it's not enough.
Why my dogs &amp; my friends and my other family member's dogs will sniff them &amp; walk away refusing to eat them-hard to believe these 5 stars?
how many bags are contained in the $15 price tag? how many sticks are there for $15 ??
Where are these made and are ingredients from USA? I know they are distributed out of California, but actual ingredients from where?
How many K/cal calories are in ea. treat? I have small &amp; lrg. peanut butter &amp; sm. &amp; large chicken?. Thank you
Are these soft and chewy? Can someone tell me about these?
Newman's Own&reg; Organics Dog Treats for Medium Size Dogs: What happened to all these treats?
Is the powder a better deal (cost per serving)? I have two dogs, an 83 lb lab mix, and a 36 lb border collie mix, who both need joint supplements.
Is there a scoop measurement included?
How many grams is one scoop? I am trying to find out how long this product will last.
My 80# golden's hip are breaking down, If I use this product would I also need additional liquid glucosamine?
What is the dosage of Glucosamine and Chondrotin and MSM (if there is any) in each serving?
Is the glucosamine in this product from shellfish?
expiration date? thanks
I have the previous single track turbo twinkler and I need to stock up on balls for it. Will any Bergman twinkle balls work in it?
I ordered three replacement balls. When I opened one, I found that the flashing doesn't work even if I rolled it. Why doesn't it light at all?
I want to order the newer hurricane toy and am asking if the standard twinkler balls work in it?
I have a shep/lab will this fit her snout?
I have a mixed breed about 1/2 pit bull. He is over protective so I want something that will enable me to take him to the vet, Will this work?
what is the Adjustable snout length?
What size should I get for my 4 month pit bull? If I buy a large will it fit him?
I need to know the exact circumference of these bags. I have a holder that measures 21 and 3/4" at the top. Thanks
are these bags biodegradable?
On my third order of the 960 bags. Love them. However, seems I can no longer order the rainbow in this quantity, is that correct?
what are the dimensions of these waste bags?
biodegradable
What is the inlet size?
Is the internal diverting mechanism made of stainless steel? Last T-handle diverter rusted &amp; then broke internally within 3 mo.
I have a water filter (10 stage) that has a male threading, and my current faucet has a male threading. Could I connect the two with this? Thanks.
I have a 1 inch outside threaded faucet. will this fit?
What size is the diverter outlet size?
Is this unit simple to calibrate and use? Also are there chemicals or something else that needs to go with this?
Does this Pinpoint ORP meter come with the complete electrode/probe and sensor for testing the ORP of the water? Or is the electrode/probe extra?EXTRA So the meter is ready to use out of the box complete with electrode! Thanks for answering. The reason...
is it made in USA? If not where?
Is this unit simple to calibrate and use? Also are there chemicals or something else that needs to go with this?
When buying you can select 2 different options. The 41'*31W*40'H what is the difference between that one and the one that just says Extra Large?
Is this big enough to hold 2 English Bulldogs total weight 90 lbs.? Thank you.
Can it be fold and fit in the back of a Subaru outback
I need to know how heavy it's
I see this comes in blue also. The blue is less money than the pink. Are they exactly the same? Thank you for your help.
I had the Doggyride original stroller &amp; the stick out front wheel collapsed when we went over a bump in the sidewalk any problems like this?
Would 6 dachshund fit in this stroller ?
Would a shepherd (laying down) need L or XL? How does the dog get in? Could she be lifted in? She can't walk.
What is the difference between the red one and the blue one that is on sale?
I want to know what it looks like inside/would it work for 4 little yorkies together? does it have hooks inside for the pets safety
We have two 27# cock-a-poos. Does this have tires with air, or solid rubber tires?. We were advised to be sure they were air tires. Thank you
where can i purchase two rear wheels for the expedition stroller made by pet gear
Are there any accessory trays or add on organizers, or clips to hold cloth grocery bags to help facilitate doing errands while pushing this cart?
Do the openings close with zippers or hook and loop? Have carrier with hook/loop for my cats.They manage to open the hook and loop and get out.
Has anyone experienced "chatter" with the front wheels? I carry my 2 doxies(12 &amp; 14 lb) and the front wheels wobble badly. Any fixes?
How do you repair holes in the mesh when the dog(s) tear it?
does it fold easily? I need to take 2 young puppies through the airport and to the gate. need to fold at the gate.
I have 3 Schnauzers one is around 22pds the other is around 21pds and the last one is about 16pds, would this stroller fit all three in there at once
I just received this stroller but without and with dog the front wheels seems strange didn't go normal looks like they are going to fail or wobbling
i am looking for a stroller that can be lifted into vehicle w pet inside 7 cats to the vet is a tough task...looking for something durable
is the handle strong enough to hang the cage from the ceiling?
Is this suitable for 2 Parakeets?
Would a stapler fit nicely in this cage? Is there room for plenty of staples in the little food dish thing? I don't want to have to feed it often.
is it ok for 1 lovebird?
how many wafers there are per bag?
how many servings per bag/bucket?
is this the glucosamine sulfate?
how many calories in them
are Pup-peroni dog treats actually made in the USA or just distributed? I am having a difficult time getting a difinitive answer
Where is this made?
where is it made
Where are pup pepperoni made?
where are these made
Where is it made
How many sticks are in the 25 ounce pack?
where is it made?
Is this a 2 pack or single pack
Why my dogs &amp; my friends and my other family member's dogs will sniff them &amp; walk away refusing to eat them-hard to believe these 5 stars?
how many bags are contained in the $15 price tag? how many sticks are there for $15 ??
Where are these made and are ingredients from USA? I know they are distributed out of California, but actual ingredients from where?
How many K/cal calories are in ea. treat? I have small &amp; lrg. peanut butter &amp; sm. &amp; large chicken?. Thank you
Are these soft and chewy? Can someone tell me about these?
Newman's Own&reg; Organics Dog Treats for Medium Size Dogs: What happened to all these treats?
does this wheel fit the ovo dwarf cage?
How do you detach the wheel from its base to clean it?
what size is the wheel
How big is the wheel included in the Critter Trail cage?
what does x by x by mean with the number means
Is it an 8in wheel good for syrains
Can I replace the wheel on the habo
Can this wheel be attached inside of the cage?
Will this fit a syrian hamster. Since of its size this type of hamster needs a biger wheal with it fit a syrian hamster.
do u have to buy the tubes to attach it to the cage
can this be shipped to canada?
can I use this kit for freshwater? I accidentally bought this one instead of freshwater..
Can I use this kit in my reef aquarium? The one which is specifically for reef aquariums, does not test for ammonia...
what levels does it test? does ph test up to 14? does nitrate test up to 160? does nitrite test around .1? does it test for alkalinity up to 350?
What is the list of things this tests for? Does it test phosphate levels?
Will this test the salt ppm in water in my pool?
Does this come with the solutions?
Hi I bought the salt water kit in error. Can I return and order the fresh water kit?
i order saltwater master kit and got the fresh water master kit it will not allow me to return the item .what should i do .
Does this kit test for total salinity? I'm using it to test my pond. Thank you
Can you order a color, or do they decide?
is this one or two snuggle huts for the price of $8.02? It appears to look like two.
is it one or two huts that come in the package?
Is the small hut appropriate for a single lovebird or would a medium be a better fit?
Will this fit a growing 5 month old labrador puppy?
I have a haft yorkie haft mini pin will this collar fit him? was told he shouln't get over 5 lbs....
I have a haft yorkie haft mini pin will this collar fit him? was told he shouln't get over 5 lbs....
What is the length of this collar?
What size is this collar?
I own a pug, and its a small dog. They tend to have thicker necks, would this fit? His current collar measures 16" long.
What are the heights of the tiers?
What's the packing box dimension? Thanks.
what is the demension of the base? How wide and how deep?
will this tree fit in a 6ft vertical space? We have a large outside enclosure and I was hoping that this would fit into a max ceiling ht. of 72"
Does anyone know if replacement parts are available? The piece that connects my poles have broken :(
How long is the blue cable?
I don't get it. Which cable attaches to the dog? I thought the red but now that doesn't make sense.
Is this appropriate for a 5 pound toy poodle?
How high is the run supposed to be? Is it designed so people dont have to duck under it?
what is the weight range
My red cable only has a loop on one end and no hardware to make a loop on the opposite end. Should I have received the hardware with my kit?
Does it come with instructions?
Should this have come with two cable clips/u bolts or 4?
can i use this on the clothesline?
Is there a way to adjust the length overhead line besides wrapping it around the tree? What if I have 43' from tree to hook in the side of my house?
how did you get your dog started using this? my boy seems leery of it. i have started feeding him his kibble out of an OPEN Kibble Nibble to see if t
I am buying for gift, and don't shop for doggie stuff, so help! What brand/kind of dog treats should I buy to give as filler for the large toy?
Would the large toy be big enough for a Saint Bernard? My saint is small for the breed, weighs 115lbs.
I just tried this out this morning and my dog could not get a single kibble out of the holes on the ends. Did I do something wrong?
what country is it made
I have a Pembroke Welsh Corgi who is a head longer than most of his breed. He's 34 lbs. What size would work best?
Is it supposed to kind of lock closed? just got mine, dog loves it, but after pushing it around for a little while, it starts to come unscrewed.
My dog is a Cavalier King Charles Spaniel right at 20 pounds. Should I go with the small or upsize to the med/large?
How do you trim the prongs, vertical or horizontal? Should all of them be trimmed?
Is there a way to keep it closed? It only takes my dog about 2mintues to unscrew this toy and dump the kibble inside.
can i use this auto feeder for 1month?
What is the smallest amount of food you can dispense? What is the area of the opening on its smallest setting?
Does this feeder feed multiple times a day or just once?
How does this feeder mount on an aquarium?
Will straight flake food not mixed with any other type food work in this feeder?
I have small-medium size of pellet for my parrot fishes. Shoud i get the fish feeder or Turtle feeder?
Could you please tell me how much the total cost would be for 4 units of the Eheim everyday fish feeder to be sent to Victoria, Australia?
Can it dispense very small amounts, such as 15 medium flakes at a time? Are the dispensed flakes localized or spread all over the water surface? Thx
do the size of the tank matters?
Has anyone used this for a single beta fish? Going away for a week in vacay and need a reliable way to feed my beta. I use pellet beta food twice/day
My window is 23" but the opening is only 22". Will it fit?
Can this be used for a dog? I can't find a dog door with a 7"x11" opening that fits a 23" window.
How large is the flap? The description gives two different sizes. Thanks.
What size is the flap. 2 different sizes are giving in the description. Thanks.
Does anyone know how to remove the bottom screws so it can fit fully down inside the window frame?
Can the cat door be repositioned for a left or right configuration?
How high is this item?
Why does it say for chubby cats and then says the flap is a 6-1/4" by 6-1/4"?
What are the dimensions of the flap on the 27"-32" model? The description says 7.5"x10.5". Is this accurate?
do you sell just the cat flap, i need one just in case mine breaks
Are there any screws or permanent type of attachments? I would like to remove it in the winter. Easy in easy out?
how do you measure?
The door ends up frequently ajar and letting cold air in. Can it be modified in anyway to stop this?
my window channel is 3/4" wide, and side panels of chubby cat door is 13/16" wide. what should i do?
How Thick is the Pet Door? My Sash gap is only 3/4" wide. I'm afraid Ill get this and it wont fit properly.
Can you please verify if these are the T12 or T8 bulbs? I need 4 T12 bulbs. Thank you.
Is this 1 Bulb or 2 Bulb Pack?
Will the 48" tubes fit into a standard shop light fixture? -the regular 2-prong kind? Thanks
Is the bulb splash proof?
is the 48" bulb 36 or 32 watt because i see the 30 watt is a 36 in bulb
what is the difference in the watt's? and is this bulb really 48 inches
My current bulb measures exactly 48 inches (from prong to prong)-not 48.2 like you've described-will this be an issue?
Bulb says use with the reptile OVER 12 inches away, but I read the mesh filters out a lot. Can I use this for my baby beardie in a 55 gallon tank?
Where can I find a terrarium hood that goes with this bulb? I ordered a 48" hood off of this website but this bulb's diameter was too big to fit.
how does this variety compare to the chicken flavor
any bi-products?
What is the difference between #1, #2 &amp; #3 on the bags of cat food...this will be my first purchase of the food???
Ordered on Jan 16 - pieces are smaller &amp; smell is slightly different. Recipe changes? Anyone else notice this?
My cat likes this (the #2 salmon) but I was thinking of switching to Merrick's Purrfect Bistro line of dry food (same salmon flavor). Anyone try this?
This came up when I searched for dog food for small breeds. Is someone feeding it to them?
Are ANY of the ingredients from China? their dog food says "no ingredients from china" but the cat food doesn't say that...anyone know for sure?
This item shows up in the "Subscribe and save" store, however there is no option on the actual page to add it to my subscription?
Is it possible to run cords out of the tank with this top?
will it cover 20 gallon tank?
I think this question has been asked or in a different question but.. Will this fit for a 20 Gallon Tall tank?
Can I use this to cover half of a 55 gallon tank?
How fine is the mesh on this tank? Crickets keep escaping from my other cover and I think they are crawling through the mesh.
Anyone use this with a filter and air bubbles? Air bubbles exploding are causing it to stick to screen. Any solutions?
Will this fit on my 20 gallon high with a filter ?
Would this fit a 20 gallon long
Is it safe to put a UVB light device and a heating light as well on this cover - how heat safe is it?
will this fit a 20 gallon wide tank???
Has anyone used this brand of coco brick to grow plants? All the reviews posted just spoke about using it for pets. I want to use it as a grow medium
Has anyone used this for desert tortoise hatchlings? She doesn't need humidity so can I use this substrate dry? Or should it be slightly wet?
how many quarts do u think is between the 3 bricks? also how many quarts is 1 brick?
Is there any difference between this Zoo Med Eco-Earth and the Exo-Terra Plantation soil?
Will this fit in a t5 fixture?
Is this a t8 or t5 bulb. thank you.
SO.. What size are these 36" OR 48" ?___________ Confusing Amazon! I want and am looking for the highest wattage Repti Sun 10.0 36" bulb.
Can this be used in the Zoo Med Combination Hood such as this http://www.amazon.com/Zoo-Med-Combina...
How wide is the bottom of this fixture (at the widest point).? Can you run both bulbs at the same time with no problems.? Thank you!
I have a 10 gallon tank and was wondering would this be appropriate or something smaller?
Is this dangerous to put inside a wooden and glass terrarium?
Will this work for the 18" long Exo Terra tank?
can you use it on a plastic top
Need to know the highest watt that can be used please. I'm using this for my lepard geco
Can the bulbs be swapped out for CFL lighting? Thinking of using this an aquarium hood for a planted tank with 2x26w CFLs.
chicken
Would this work to keep an area of the cat room warm for our hairless cats?
would this work on a 220v outlet? :)
can I put this bulb in an ordinary lamp? I would like to point toward my bird cage - but of course keep at least a foot away from the cage
Is this emitter okay for a 30 gallon or should I get the next one up to heat my beardies cage at night when winter gets here ?
can this be used in a enclosed gasoline generater to keep warm in freezing weather
How long has this heat emitter lasted for you until it burned out? I don' t think it will last 5 years as advertised.
It says "Lasts up to 5 years" in the description. Does it have a warranty making it worth the price premium over competing emitters on Amazon?
How well does this work? Thinking of getting it for my tortoise, who is in a 40g tank for the colder months
I want to keep a 2 x 4 x 2 space at 85 degrees for two hours at a time. will this heat source do it?
What are the approximate dimensions?
is it real wood?
is this wood dense enough to sink right away?
Is this safe for Aquarium use?
The picture shows two pieces. Does it come with one or two?
Is it baked for the removal of bacteria
would this fit in a gallon tank
Im confused do you get 1 or 3?
it seems that a dry shampoo like this would build up on the skin. does the skin seem dry and dusty afterward?
My Belg drools when crated..alot! Will this remove the spit on a daily basis w/o harming coat?
Can this product be used daily in between trips to the groomer? My dogs are groomed monthly but get dirty quickly due to rough terrain &amp; bad weather.
how to I know expiry date???
Does this product have a scent?
Can this product be used on cats?
what does this smell like?
Can this be used to clean a lambs wool area rug? My rug is pure white, large and the fur is 3 inches thick so it is difficult and costly to have cleaned. Thank you in advance for any help with this question. Jim
Is this a tearless formula?
(1) so what does the spray smell like? (2) how long does the "scent" last?
Is 40lbs enough to give 1-2" in a 75 gallon tank &amp; is the coral course enough to not get sucked into a tank cleaning siphon vac? Thanks in advance.
can i use this in a salt water aquarium? and how many bags would i need to fill a 55 gallon tank?
Is this live?
Is this just the collar and remote or does it include spray and batteries?
Is this an auto anti-bark? Or do you have to use the remote to manually correct the dog?
what is the size of the collar?
do they make a companion collar to work with the first one?
can we buy a replacement remote only?
does it work well with dogs that want to mark in the house
How long does the can of citronella last on average? Should I have ordered a second can when I bought the collar?
will this help with aggression to other dogs
is this the newer waterproof version?
Can it be used on a 11 lb dog or is it too big for a poodle sized dog?
I am using the AC adapter. My portions are set at 1/4 cup, but it dispenses almost the entire bowl for some reason. Any thoughts?
Do newer models block paws better? It seemed like they added a plastic door that only opens when it's dumping food?
Will it feed for several days? Can I program the Petmate LeBistro to feed the cat once a day for 5 days in a row?
Somehow it's confusing, could you please clarify about using AC power? If I understand correctly, battery power is meant to be a backup power supply?
What is the average battery life?
How can I attached the bowl more securely as it comes off too easily?
can you get 1/8 cup per servicing
my cat can move the feeder &amp; as a result the bowl moves so when it is time for her meal not all the pieces go into the bowl. It will go on underneath the machine, which is why she keeps moving it, so she can get the pieces. how can i get the bowl to...
So do we put the time in the system and it will release the food at that timing??
Does it run on batteries or can you plug it in?
I bought a "no brand' inflatable collar and its made in China, its like a plastic pool float material, I am afraid its inferior, where is the Pro Coll made? Is the Pro Collar made of fabric as in picture?
DOES THE KONG COLLAR WORK
How do you choose the corect size?
Can your dog lay comfortably in this like than can in a traditional plastic cone collar. My dog has been wearing one of those for almost a year.
Wondering if this would allow my golden retriever puppies to use a doggie door while wearing?
Do you think this would work to keep a 60lbs pit bull from licking and biting his rear thigh area?
How would this work on a doberman (long snout) - would he still be able to reach his hind end?
What is the beste size for a Golden retriever?
how do you deflate it to put it away when no longer needed?
Any advise on how to keep this thing centered properly? My Golden mix can reach knee sutures when he turns it so opening is at bottom....
i notice there are two picture, one is a customer picture. the problem is the customer picture is NOT what I want.will i get your picture or theirs?
What kind of material is the tail?
How long are these mice?
are these safe to leave alone with my cat?
Where is the catnip? The mouse was stuffed with catnip? thanks,
This says "3-Pack Catnip Mice Toy" - I notice that they come 3 mice to a pack, so I wanted to verify if I will be getting 9 mice total or only 3?
Does the customer get to choose the color?
Dimensions?
How do we chose an assorted color?
Does it fit in Merry Cat Washroom/Nightstand?
Are the corners in the front difficult to clean? It looks like it dips outward at the entrance
does it have latches to secure top to bottom pan?
I love this one because it is light and very easy to clean because of the finish. Amazon, do you have the giant size?? for my now bigger washroom?
Does anyone have problems with tipping over? I'm considering this for a 9-lb bunny and I'm afraid she will tip it over.
Pureness Large High Sides Cat Litter Pan, Assorted Colors: How does the customer choose color?
i see a lot of complaints on this product wihen using on dogs, but icould it be more useful on cats since their nails are not as tough?
i bought the pedipaws it work on my 2yr old dog he didnt move at all when i used it on him. an now it wont start up any one have this same problem?
Hi, which batteries this item use?
Is it run by two 9V batery or i have to charge it?
Why can't this product be ship to Singapore?
Is this pedipaws for small dogs, teacup yorkshires puppies? What large it is?
is this the real product or a imitation
So this product only ship to US?
Does this come with the extra emery pads
Is the bed easy to move around? It's not too heavy?
I have a 160 lb St. Bernard.. Just wondering if this bed is big enough for her? Anyone buy this for a large breed??
do you sink in and touch the floor on this bed? my dog is 88lbs
What is the warranty on this bed? I recently bought an orthopedic bed that went flat in a week. I have a Cane Corso (Mastiff) that weighs about 120lbs
I want this bed to fit the Midwest 54x37x45 crate, will it squish to fit? Anyone using it for this crate?
What country is this product manufactured in?
whats the expiration date?
What is the expiration date of this product ?? coz I am buying more than one
i would like to ask "Sold by: Ganesheis" &#xFF0C; how is the expiration date of your tripleflex 50+ ??? thanks!
does this product contain MSM too? if i buy 6 bottles, can i get longer expiration date?
What is the expiration date of this product?
How do I know what size to get?
How many boots are in the package?
Are these boots individually sold or do they come in a pack of 4?
I usually put a sock on with his booties. Dog's foot measures 2" wide. Do i need to order small or medium to include the sock?
How far up the leg do the go on the front paws? Do they cover the ankle?
The system won't let me buy this item, saying that there are shipping restrictions. I want it to be shipped to Ireland. Please help.
Are these water proof, or at least easy to clean/quick to dry?
Will these work well for a corgi? .... They don't have much of a leg!
How many boots do you get? It doesn't say how many boots you get in the package - 1, 2, 4???
Buzzy is 20 lbs and foot is 2" wide. Your small dimension of 1.2" confuses me. Help!
Does it work well on shih-tzus? I tried pawz on mine and it is very hard to put on due to the fur.
Do these work with small dogs? I have a 5 lb Pap with furry feet/legs. Thank you
Do they stay on even when the dog jumps through high snow?
How wide are the XS boots? Mine measure 2 5/8 inches wide. They say XS but I'm thinking they are miss marked.
what size do I need
how many bones total will ship? 8 bags of 4 each for a total of 32?
are these made in the US with US materials?
Do these contain corn?
I see one pack of 3 pictured x 12 packs would equal 36 rollhides? Can anyone confirm that is correct? Not a good price otherwise!
are these rawhide or natural total food just made to look like rawhide?
how many bones? Does "2-Count Bags (Pack of 12)" mean I'm buying a total of 24 bones (2*12) or is it trying to say the total package I'm going to receive from amazon will be 12 bones being shipped in 2-count bags.
Are you saying "8 packs of 7 oz. bags? How many bones is that?
can you give me length of the extension cord?
My bowl arrived marked "Display" and did not have any instructions. I wanted to know if I could use the bowl outside in an uncovered/unprotected area
Can you use this to keep food from freezing outdoors? I have 2 outdoor cats I care for.
Does it just automatically turn on? I have not found a switch or anything.
Could you tell me the size please. Allied Plastic Heated Pet Bowl, 1-Quart
Is this a very hard plastic? My dogs will eat it as a chew toy otherwise.
I have to use an extension cord. I tried w/ a typical outdoor cord but it didnt work. All connections were sealed but didn't turn on. Recommendations?
Can you put an extension cord on this?
It says that there is a thermostat but I can't find any information when the thermostat turns it on or off?
My bowl arrived with no instructions or info - can I leave it plugged in 24/7 ? outside with no protection from the elements ? thanks in advance
does this bed come in a smaller size?
Is foam stuffing in a separate bag so you can wash the denim outer cover? Or is it loose?
What does the dog bed weigh?
The photos show 2 different kinds of beds- one with a single seam, and one with a side panel. Which is it?
IS THE BED TO LARGE FOR A GREYHOUND
i can find this bed in L &amp; XXL---i want one in the middle. Does this bed come in XL? (just 1X)
I have a one year old, 120lb, Bloodhound who absolutely loves a nice, durable, comfortable bed. In fact, he loves being wrapped up in blankets and is constantly trying to sleep in my bed. Would this XXL bed suffice?
On your web site it states the newer liners are waterproof on both sides is that what comes with this bed?
Will my 90 pound dog bottom out on this bed?
Is the waterproof liner "crinkly"?
Could the medium (27" W) fit in my crate that is 24" W, or is it too rigid/stiff?
Do these come with an extra outer cover like the XL beds?
I know it's machine washable but should I hang it outside to dry or can I use the dryer?
does this bed have enough support?
Is this bed made in the USA?
Can you use Cosequin and this product together?
What's the difference between this and an omega gel cap for humans? I tried putting the contents of mine in their food and they won't eat it.
What is the best way to get my cat to "eat" this if she is VERY picky and only eats dry food?
Do you have a med for older cats with joint pain?
Is the product made from wild caught or farmed fish?
What are some ways you have administered these to your cat?
What is the guaranteed analysis of each gelcap?
where is the battery located
How can I buy just the replacement battery pack?
I just charged my battery and it won't run unless I literally hold the dial on 10. If I let go, it doesn't work. Is this product worth replacing?
When charging the battery for the first time, should the red light go on on the charger when charging is complete?
I need clear instructions on how to attatch the nail guard to the actual rotary file, instructions that are included with the machine, are not clear.
I tried attatching the nail guard that holds the clippings, and I cannot get it to go on, could you explain how I am suppose to do this, thanks.
where do I get the replacement sanding bands
Hello, I'm confused as I received this product today and I am unclear how to plug it in. It does not have a typical three prong plug. How do I?
I have a skidish dog and does not like his paws touched. Does anyone else have a similar dog? and how did the dog do?
does it work
Is this variable speed.
Does this item come as complete? Power cord, and wall plug in, adjustment tools, filing bands, and is it new?
I need to know where I can buy a new charging unit for my peticure rechargeable elite
Is this rechargeable? Does it come with a power supply?
Screwdriver doesn't tighten/loosen filing bands &amp; bands slip off as soon as power is turned on. How to get bands to stay on?
The pic looks like some sort of pad, instead of a Dremel attachment. Can you clarify? It's to trim dog nails.
How long should you charge it?
What size is it?
can u fit two bunnies? how long how tall?
Can this also cover 6 panel play pen? Are the each corners tightly closed? (meaning will a puppy be able to escape from the play pen? Thank you)
Is it strongly made?
is the floor mat separate form the top cover
what is the size?
Will it fit another brand play pen the Iris 8 Panel exercise?
How Much Is The Cage?
how big is the marshall fc-261 small animal play pen mat/cover?
How large of an opening in the regular door do I need to fit this into? Thank you.
Can this be installed in a metal door?
Will my dogs that dive through the door at 30 mph have trouble with the 2 flaps?
What color is the frame?
I have a German Shepherd and 3 Chihuahuas. If I get a door big enough for the Shepherd, will the Chihuahuas be able to push through it too?
It seems like the 9 3/4" width would be difficult for a large dog to get in and out. Is there any problem with this?
How does it work with snow and real cold weather?
I have a 93lb lab &amp; have an XL doggie door, but I'm looking for something more durable- anyone have same size dog have any trouble with size of XL d
Does this come with the part that locks the door, so the dog can't go in and out?
can this be used for a dog and a cat? Could a cat push it open?
I wanted to know if this is the usually seen 60 ml bottle. Has anyone used this with the collar for anxiety due to carry on travel on an airplane?
How many ml is this bottle? It says 3.2 oz, but 90 ml seems like a lot for the price.
Can this product be used in combination with the Adaptil collar?
Can this be used in the same room as a Feliway diffuser used for my cat?
how many percent of a pheromone is in it?
Relocating with Cats: Can anyone recommend a product to use to keep them calm and reduce their anxiety for the 20 hour trip?
scratching furniture?
My cat chews bedding (sheets and comforter) will this help stop her from doing that?
Anyone have experience with using this to stop jumping on furniture or scratching?
Does the Feliway spray have an added scent? Some of the pheromone collars have a strong lavender scent to them that my cats don't like.
does the feliway spray work for outdoorcats
Comfort Zone with Feliway versus Feliway, anyone got any input?
is it good for aggression?
Have 4 cats. Building a new house. Everything will be different and "new". Will this help them adjust?
Where in the room do I plug it in..up high, down low,?
I wondered if the plug-in diffuser is safe. Have there been any problems with it presenting a fire hazzard, as the Glade plug-in diffusers have?
I need the diffuser ONLY I have the refills but the diffuser overheated and am having a hard time finding diffuser only. thank You.
May I use with my indoor cat, who wants to be outdoors. I thought about putting it in the yard with the bottom removed, so he could feel the grass?
Can kittens claw through the mesh, can they escape?
this product have carrying case?
Do you think it would fold if another cat jump on the top? I want to introduce a new kitten to my resident cat
Does this work well for your cat? We are looking for a playpen that we can keep in the room rather than putting him in another room to play sometimes.
Is this sturdy enough to use as a kennel when not home? I have a 15lb dog and a 6 lb dog
How many cats plus a covered litter pan could it hold (for traveling out of town in the back of our Suburban.....we have 7 cats....
How does one fold this up again? Can't make that work! Help!
is this safe for a puppy while in work.
Can a dog chew through this?
My puppy chewed up the zipper on one of the doors, anyone have suggestions on how to fix or permanently close the door so I can still use the pen?
is the removable top mesh or canvas?
is it an open bottom or canvas bottom
I love your picture with the fish in the bowl. May I use it in a presentation? Who should I askfor permission if this is the wrong person? Thank you
How big is the mouth opening?
You tell us the length &amp; height - what is the width??
How much water does this fish bowl hold?
Has anyone had any problems with the fish jumping out? We have this exact bowl and our betta fish has jumped out several times.
How big is this fish bowl and how much water does it hold if used for a fish?
How much water does it hold for a fish?
will this work with the Littermaid LM980 Mega Self-Cleaning Litter Box? or is Mega Elite a different model number?
does this comes with the litter maid
Does the item come with accessory? What kind of accessory? Ref : sickrye
Does this fit a Littermaid LM680C?
is this model for multy cats?
Is there a cat weight limit?
is this stuff compatable with the littermaid LM980?
Will I be able to use any type of cat litter?
Will it fit the multi cat elite unit? It has tent holes on the corners.
Will these accessories fit the LitterMaid Elite even though it is not the Elite Mega?
Can u use regular clumping litter or do you have to use only litter maid litter
what are the dimensions ?
What comes with this product? Is there a starter supply of receptacles and filters?
Pls offer a top of the line self cleaning litter box, I have back issues and bending over or kneeling twice a day to clean the box is painful to me.
How often do you change the recepticals?
how oftern do you replace filters?
Can someone tell me the details of the power adaptor? I've lost mine and am trying to purchase a replacement.
what are the dimensions of the different models
Hi. you have given two different answers to 220V. Does this machine work with 220V because otherwise it will be useless for me.
what is rhe difference between the clipmasterand the showmaster shearing units
can it work in 220v power ?
can it work in 220v power ?
med/lg cover says it fits MOST 36 inch crates. Mine is 24 wide by 26 high by 36 long. Will it fit MY crate?
can you access the crate through the side door with the cover on?
Does the cover go under the crate also?
Would the 4000 size cover at 25" high fit the Precision Great Crate which is 26" high? I don't care if it would not quite reach the floor..
Will the 4000 size fit the Midwest Lifestages double door 36 x 24 x 27?
what are the dimensions?
I am looking for a replacement door for my old VARI KENNEL EXTRA-LARGE 40L X 27W X 30H. (No " Ultra") Is your X-Large Door be the right match?
Is this door correct size for a varikennel 700
Would the large fit a VariKennel Large #21804?
I need a replacement door for a remington plastic large kennel model RA 36. It's dimensions are 36L 26w 28 h and the door is 22x 17 frame.
I measured the existing door it is 17"w x 23 5/8" h the crate is a ASPCA brand plastic will your door fit?
the dimensions ?
Would this door fit in the Grreat Choice 40" crate? I can't find where I can buy a replacement door for this brand of crate.
I need a replacement door formy Verri Kennal.The kennel measures 40"L X 27" WIDE X30"H and it is a"LARGE' model. Existing door is 22 1/2" H X1183/4 w.
What are the dimensions for this door. Does it fit the 36LX24WX26H vari kennel??
Are the light sockets on one circuit (both ON or both OFF at the same time) or on separate ones (i.e. one lamp can be ON while the other one is OFF).
1) Is the hood all metal? 2) Anyone try ceramic infrared in them?
Zoo Med Naturalistic Terrarium Hood, does this give out both uva and uvb? Zoo Med Naturalistic Terrarium Hood, 18-Inch does any one know if this gives off UVA AND UVB?
Can I use the repti tuff 50w bulb in this hood?
Would the 18" Zoo Med terrarium hood fit the Exo Terra 18x18x24" terrarium?
Will this 18" hood fit a 24Wx18Hx18D vivarium?
what kind and what size of bulb can be used with this hood?
Can anyone tell me what the voltage is please. In Australia we have 220 voltage. Is the max volts listed anywhere? Cheers
I have a 10 gal tank with a glass lid that flips up-part glass part plastic. Can I use this with my lid or will it melt the plastic on my lid?
What is the cord length?
How does it work? Does it do more than squeak?
Does this toy come WITHOUT catnip???
does it work on carpet
Can you replace the battery when it runs out.
Is this a made in USA PRODUCT?
What are the exact dimensions of this item?
Will this fit on the 5.5 gallon tank "TOP FIN" kit brand from Petsmart?
What are the actual dimensions of the glass top?
Does this have a hinge in the middle of the glass as the picture shows (glass, hinge, glass, plastic strip)? Or is it just glass and plastic strip?
rubber feet, etc?
will this fit a 5 gal?
Is this the cover that you can use the fluorescent light strip with?
does this fot 10g?
will this fit a 5 gal?
How is the item shipped? Regular cardboard box or in a Wellness marked container? Any issues of spillage or poor packaging resulting in wasted food?
Does anyone know if ANY of the ingredients come from China...or any foreign country? Thanks
I really want to try this but have read about bad quality and mold. Current customers - what is the story?
Where is it made?
I have a 30lb dog, about how long will this bag last? My vet recommended freeze dried for his skin.
How much do you feed 17 pound peekapoos and how often? They are overweight and prefer to be fed off of my good food plate.
will they send a sample?
Is this good food for shi tzus?
Does it contain palm oil
what per cent of crude protein?
is this made in the usa?
I was looking for a stuffed monkey for my son and i just realized this is a dog toy I wanted to know if this is OK for a childs toy
Does this mokey have velcro hands? I need them to hang
Are the eyes material or plastic?
does the body and nose squeak?
Has anyone tried this after using cosequin &amp; if so is there a big difference?
what's in it?
What size capsule is this ? Is it small enough to wrap in a treat?
My cat will not eat canned food. Any ideas how I could get him to take this? He's 17 and his vet reccommended it.
Are recent orders coming in just "Just Natural" flavor or chicken &amp; tuna flavor like what is pictured in photo? My cat prefers chicken/tuna flavor.
When ordering has anyone received the new flavor containing hydrolized chicken suitable for cats with allergies, rather than the one shown?
can you sprinkle it on dry food?
Why aren't these in any of the local stores that I used to buy them from yet you can get them from Amazon but not directly from Pedigree?
What I was really wanting to know is what the exp date is on these 10 packages you are selling on amazon are?
Does this mean 6 packs or one pack with 10 pieces in it?
what is the expiration date?
i also am not able to find good bites in any of my local stores including safeway, harris teeter and cvs. why?
how can I find out the expression date on these packages?
Does it make a crinkling noise?
how long is it?
What diameter is it?
how wide is it ?
Is there a way to get the sides to lock into place? The sides collapse into the fold up storage position, and it leans so the bottom is usually at an angle instead of sitting flat. So far the seat seems uncomfortable for my poodle/chihuahua mix. Any...
Does it come with a harness to hold the dogs inside the booster seat??I cant tell by the picture...Thanks
Can this be used in the back seat of a car with a headrest?
i wonder if this will be big enough for my cavalier king charles x maltese ..she is 20 kg and has got long legs?
I have a 20 lb Cavalier, and I know he will fit sitting, but I wonder if he would be able to lay down to rest on long rides?
anyone have a 20 pound jack russell terrier using this?
Is the hard piece supposed to go in the bottom? I removed it to unfold the metal support; the instructions didn't mention this piece. (pressboard?)
Can u set this booster on seat or does it have to be in air like pic? Thanks
Would this work well for a cat?
Would this fit in the kids seat of a shopping cart? would be nice to take from the car to shopping cart when I take my dog to dog-friendly stores
New house, no grass, lots of mud, wash my dogs feet everytime.. would these be a good idea to get???
I have a dog that is a rottweiler black shepherd mix, he is about the size of a great dane. would these fit his feet?
Wondering if these rip easy? I have a Great Dane who is hard on her feet when playing outside!
Can you get these in XXL?
i want to take my lab to the river, are these good for rocky ground? do they provide protection?
I'm wondering if these would work to soak my Pyrenean Mastiff''s feet in vinegar and peroxide for 10 mins. while he stays in place.
Have a 60lb. Extra furry labradoodle. What is the right size? Also do these irritate a lot of dogs? I've tried boots before and he wouldn't walk.
Are they good to protect a pool liner from our dogs nails?
would these work on furniture legs for winter protection?
My dog had front leg amputated. Would these boots keep her from slipping on slippery floors when she w talks?
What should I do to preserve the booties after walking on slush and rock salt. I washed them in soap and water rinsed thoroughly but they are sticky.
Would these be good as protection for hot desert pavement?
I have a German Shepherd who is dragging his hind legs due to spinal disease. Will these bootys fit a paw that is close to 3" wide?
How do you measure your dogs paw?
Can these be used on dogs who chew their feet due to allergies or OCD?
I have a 63 lb boxer/Sheppard with bigger paws. Would these be a good fit, and how was the durability? He would wear them on city sidewalks only :)
I just bought the Medium size for my Cocker Spaniel. The opening seems really tight aroud her leg; could it restict cerculation in her leg?
what is the specific way to measure the dogs paw in order to get the correct size?
How many come in a package?
I have an excitable Springer who destroyed the leather console in my new car - sharp toenails from grooming. Are these puncture proof?
I have an awesome 20 lb Mini-Schaunzer, (a tad on the chunky side!) what size should I order for her?
do they keep the dogs feet warm in cold weather and snow?
my dog is a boxer mix he weights 88 pounds what size would I buy
Would these dog boots protect against hot pavement?
licking
What size is good for a 66 pound rhodesian ridgeback/lab mix?
I have a 10 pound 6 month bichon. What size should I get him.
where is a sizing chart ?
what size is a 14inc small dog take in this dog boot
How are you measuring? The paw for the length
what size for a 14 pound poodle?
I have Shit-Zu, what kind of size should I get???
Don't the dogs slip in them since they don't have any grip? We live in Minnesota and want them for our lab and Shipoo (furry feet(
How do I know what size to get?
These look like balloons. Are they just glorified balloons?
How do measure my dog to buy the correct size?
My Chi hua hua's front paws are between 2 1/2 &amp; 3, the backs are 4 . Does this mean I need to buy 2 pairs?
how do measure for boots?
Size chart
what size for a cocker spaniel?
Do the tops secure with velco straps?
It says pack of 2, so do you get 12 or 24 cans?
Do I need a can opener for these, or do they have pop-tops/pull-tops?
How much to give for a dog that weighs 10 lbs?
made in USA?
is this 24 cans?
Is this product sourced from China?
How long does a chew last?
Can anyone answer as to calories in varied sizes? Sophie loves them but just give them for special treats, they last longer then most edible chewsshe'
Can teeth break chewing these ?
Can anyone tell me where these are made?
size of dog
What size dog is recommended for the small bed?
what color is the bed , it seems brown on the pic
I would like to purchase the medium size. Is this size available?
So what you are selling is for little dogs? Do you know the measurement of the collar?
This picture has a big dog collar example. Is this truly little dog size?
I am looking to see how this really works with your dog..I have a 7 month old lab and has a mind of his own.
I have a 6 lb. Maltese with a 10 inch neck. Will this product adjust to that small?
How can you tell what type of power cap to get? I do not see a R21 or R51 on the Invisible Fence Power Cap
Can you use this battery with the old Invisable Fence ICT 725 System? Thanks!!!
Not working with my Invisible Fence Brand Collar??
these batteries didnt last more than a week. my dog got out if the yard!! I have bought thses in the past... what happened? very disappointed
Are these 3 volt lithium batteries?
How many batteries do we get at this price ($9.95)?
How long does this battery usually last?
what is included, is it just the controller or the controller and the float and brackets?
Is it suitable for 220v 50hz?
I am looking for a level control that will control that will open a 12 volt dc water valve. Is the output of this control 12 volt?
How deep can the brackets be extended to? My sump is 16" tall and water level in my return chamber is at 8" from the top. Can this be setup that way?
Can I plug my 110v pump from my sump it to this or does my pump have to be 12 vdc
Can you give me JBJ's email address to contact them for more technical details please.
is suitable your product for my requirement and the voltage which i use?
I am looking for a device to switch on/off a water pump automatically,220/230v, 50hz, 1hp motor.
What kind of pump is the best for this ATO. Does JBJ sell their own pump to go with this like in a package deal? Pump will be in a 5 gallon bucket.
Most of the airlines are saying only 8" high.... 18.5 long ~13.5 wide... but people are using it when flying? I have no experience. Any input?
Where is this made?
southwest airline approved?
will it fit on American airlines?
Does this carrier have pockets for leash, treats, etc?
what is the dimensions? Is this spill proof?
Is the top flexible or can it smash down in height? American Airlines allows for 9" in height but says will allow soft carriers to be a bit taller.
Is this toy made of rubber or hard plastic? How noisy is it?
How large a kibble will this hold?
Is it easy to clean?
Is this made in the USA?
Is this Bob-a-lot by StarMark the same one made by Leerburg?? The Leerburg one advertises that it hold up pretty well to chewing. Anyone know?
I have an active 7 lb Maltese who loves treats and likes to play with everything. Is this good for the little dogs?
Is it dishwasher safe?
Our 25-lb Corgi is very active with her MEDIUM-sized 3 1/4" Kong ball. Would the large Bob-a-Lot be too big? the small too small?
How durable is this product? I'm convinced it is entertaining, but my dogs are destroyers.
Would this be a good toy for a Standard Poodle puppy that is starting to get bored being home alone when I have to go to work?
Does this work for Feline Acne?
How do I apply it?
Someone said on here that you now receive a purple tube with only .05% hydrocorizone. Is this true?
would this be good for hot spots? where they consonantly lick and lick?
What are the ingredients?
What is the difference in this and normal (human) hydrocortisone cream? It says "natural enzyme" but only Aloe Vera is shown with chemicals.
Can this be safely used in a dog's ears?
How long is the expiration date on this product?
If my dog licks the cream off his, is it toxic?
hello, i have a question, does this zymon topical cream contain 1% hydrocortisone or 0.5% hydrocortisone?
Are the bowls microwave-safe?
Would this be a good dish set for a 10 pound cat? I need something sturdy that my cat cant move around when she eats.
There is contradicting information regarding the dimensions of this product. What are the dimensions? Is this a 3 inch bowl or a 6 inch bowl?
Is it heavy enough for a pet rat to not tip over? I would love to use it in my (Domesticated) rats' cage!
What is the capacity of each bowl?
Approximately how high is it off the ground? The dimensions that are listed are causing me some confusion. How many ounces do the bowls hold?
How many cups does each bowl hold?
There is contradicting information regarding the dimensions of this product. What are the dimensions? Is this a 3 inch bowl or a 6 inch bowl?
what is the height of feeder, from floor to top of bowl?
I understand that these bowls are made in China. Is there any verfication available tha the glaze in the ceramics is entirely free of leaching lead?
About how deep are the bowls?
I already have the feeder but broke a bowl and need a replacement. How can I order just the bowls?
After using this my carpet has a sticky residue and smells like a bad truck stop men's room. Rinsed several times. How can I get the smell out.?
If I'm using this in a rented carpet cleaner (Rug DR) how many rooms/sq feet with a 64 oz bottle clean?
When you use this product- do you use it alone in the rug shampooer or add it to another shampooing solution?
how much water do you mix this with? meaning how long does it last?
Will this stuff get out all the sticky residue from kitty urine? I used the urine cleaner and it worked, but carpet still isn't as clean as i want.I
does this carpet shampoo come in gal size?
does it take the poo and pee pee stains out too????
Would you mix in the Urine Destroyer with this or would this work alone? Debating whether we should buy both?
Can I use this in a spray bottle to spot treat cat urine?
Does this product cause darker color carpets to fade over time?
I would like a 30 blade for my Andis Easy Clip. It seems the blades are different from the other clippers. Do I need to order a special blade?
Is Andis 60105 run quiet or are they loud.
I have an Andis clipper that the blade has to be removed with a Phillips screwdriver. Would these blades fit my clippers?
So is this kit recommended for the dense, fine silky hair on my brittany?
I have a ragdoll cat will this trim his long hair to help him keep clean and tidy
Is this a quiet clipper?
The description says it comes with 3 blades, but the photo says only 2. Which is it? thanks
110V or 220V?
How does this compare to the andis 21420? Seems like a better price as it includes 3 blades, and the 21420 has only 1.
voltage of power
I just purchased a 750 watt for my pond which is roughly 900-1000 gallons. I live is Southeast Michigan. The paper in the box said it is not meant as a floating deicer, but can be one with an optional floater. Is there an optional floater or am I...
What wattage is the best for a 4000 gallon pond. About 12 X 20
will the 1500 deicer keep 275 gallons warm?
Our new 750w is now bubbling and making a white foam bubbles in the center.. it's been raining and warm. It should be off - built in thermostat.
I bought this unit last week and had a 1/2 inch layer of ice on my pond but had a small opening where my water moves. I plugged it in and the next day no ice. Now my pond water is up to 50 degree's and it is 7 outside. I thought this shut off once it...
Is the driver completely submersible and not visible above the waterline?
does it have temperature cutoff
What wattage should I use for a pond in the northeast U.S.
How many gallons does this heater service?
How many watts do i need?
I just purchased a 750 watt for my pond which is roughly 900-1000 gallons. I live is Southeast Michigan. The paper in the box said it is not meant as a floating deicer, but can be one with an optional floater. Is there an optional floater or am I...
What wattage is the best for a 4000 gallon pond. About 12 X 20
will the 1500 deicer keep 275 gallons warm?
Our new 750w is now bubbling and making a white foam bubbles in the center.. it's been raining and warm. It should be off - built in thermostat.
I bought this unit last week and had a 1/2 inch layer of ice on my pond but had a small opening where my water moves. I plugged it in and the next day no ice. Now my pond water is up to 50 degree's and it is 7 outside. I thought this shut off once it...
Is the driver completely submersible and not visible above the waterline?
does it have temperature cutoff
What wattage should I use for a pond in the northeast U.S.
How many gallons does this heater service?
How many watts do i need?
I just purchased a 750 watt for my pond which is roughly 900-1000 gallons. I live is Southeast Michigan. The paper in the box said it is not meant as a floating deicer, but can be one with an optional floater. Is there an optional floater or am I...
What wattage is the best for a 4000 gallon pond. About 12 X 20
will the 1500 deicer keep 275 gallons warm?
Our new 750w is now bubbling and making a white foam bubbles in the center.. it's been raining and warm. It should be off - built in thermostat.
I bought this unit last week and had a 1/2 inch layer of ice on my pond but had a small opening where my water moves. I plugged it in and the next day no ice. Now my pond water is up to 50 degree's and it is 7 outside. I thought this shut off once it...
Is the driver completely submersible and not visible above the waterline?
does it have temperature cutoff
What wattage should I use for a pond in the northeast U.S.
How many gallons does this heater service?
How many watts do i need?
ARE THE BEST BULLY STICKS ODORLESS
How much does the package weigh"?
Best Bully Sticks approximates the diameter on their site. I can't tell what the diameter is on amazon? BBS has thin,thick, standard, &amp; monster in 6"
What size are they? "Supreme" does not register on the thickness barometer on your website.
You stated in 2 different answers that they are from Brazil and Virginia, I'm confused... Are these a product of the USA or Brazil?
Does it say where the bully sticks are from?
What country are your bully sticks from?
What is the thickness of the sticks?
Are these made in the USA?
Are they odor free?
So what's the final verdict...made in USA or not? Their website looks like some are and some are not...
How thick are they since they have standard, thin and thick on their website?
made in the USA ?
Can anyone give me an estimate on how much the 25 pack weigh cause there is another version available of 8oz. I need to know which one is the better deal. Tnx
I have a 5month old 6lb puppy. Is this soft enough for baby teeth?
How many ounces are in the bag?
What are these for?
Are these the standard size or thick size?
Will the UV light kill the "good" bacteria?
on the 9 watt green killing machine can you barely, I mean barely feel any water flow
are you suppose to run this continuously or only when you have a water problem. Also how often do you clean it and what is it that you clean
Can I use this while adding iron fertilizer to my tank or will it kill the fertilizer?
In reviews it said it does not perform level 1 uv sanitation, removes green algae ONLY, which is not good, does anyone know more?
I have a large bird bath with 3 different levels, the bottom is the largest-it holds about 10gallons. Would this work for me and would it fit?
What is gallon capacity? I need algae control in 1000 gals fountain basin interior like in a shopping mall
I want to use this in my 55 gallon tank. Will the 9w version control parasites?
Does this have an internal pump as well or is it just filter at the speed of whatever is feeding the intake tube?
Where is the best place to position this in my aquarium? (Juwel Rio 125). How long should it be run for?
dosage amount: How may tablets do you have to give your dog per pound?
How large are the tablets?
WHAT IS THE EXPIRATION DATE?
how do you know whether to use the ds?
Do you get exactly what the picture reflects? Standard strength plus formula qty 100?
is it made in the usa?
What are the ingredients?
What is the correct count of tablets ? 90 or 100? What is the correct count of tables?
most difficult Nina Ottosson puzzle?
I have 2 young pups, 4 months 10 pounds and 7 months 20 pounds, would this be good for them?
Would a French bulldog with a flat muzzle be able to manipulate this, or does a dog really need to have more of a pointed snout?
Need something that is chew resistant. Will this stand up to ruff chew/play? My guess is that my dog will rip it apart once all the treats are gone.
I have a pretty smart chihuahua mix, 9 months old. Trainer suggested a puzzle (live in condo, no yard). would this be a good one to start with?
What is to stop the dog from picking it up and just turning it up side down?
what size are they?
What size are the trays??
what is the best cat litter to get? I HATE the smell of cat pee /poop
Anyone compare these to the more expensive Wonderbox = made of paper ? Are they worth the extra $$
What is the best size CAT LITTER BOX/PAN to get for these liners to fit into? SUGGESTIONS? Thx!
Does anyone know of a covered litter box that these would fit in? I think mine is much deeper than these.
Will This tray fit Scoop Free Liter box?
what size are they?
What size are the trays??
what is the best cat litter to get? I HATE the smell of cat pee /poop
Anyone compare these to the more expensive Wonderbox = made of paper ? Are they worth the extra $$
What is the best size CAT LITTER BOX/PAN to get for these liners to fit into? SUGGESTIONS? Thx!
Does anyone know of a covered litter box that these would fit in? I think mine is much deeper than these.
Will This tray fit Scoop Free Liter box?
How many sprays does the collar hold before needing a refill?
Does this product come with a 'full tank' of Citronella, or do I need to order a can also?
How long do the batteries last? Are they readily available?
How dependable is this collar. My last one lasted less than 90 days even after replacing the battery?
Does it work for whining?
Does it work for whining?
will coller adjust for small dogs?
What is adjustable? Sensitivity? Spray volume? # barks before spraying?
120lb Great Pyrenees. Very thick/long fur around neck. Will it spray OK or just make his neck fur wet with citronella?
Will the collar fit smaller dogs?
piece of styrofoam under lid: Theres a piece of styrofoan under insert like a collar does that come out or does the bowl need it for floating?
Is this product BPA FREE?
Can someone please tell me the diameter of the opening to drink ?I'm deciding b/t this &amp; the Orig BuddyBowl,not sure what will fit my dog's snout.Thx!
The styrofoam ring that floats inside this bowl has come apart in pieces over time. How do I replace this part of the bowl?
IS the piece with the styrofoam attached dishwasher safe?
I want a small bowl for my pomerarian to use in her under seat carrier while travelling by plane
I had this one now my mini doxi weighs 12 lbs have you got the next size up in this style?? Thanks
Is it a front or back pouch?
Has anyone gotten one of these for a ferret? I am looking for a carrier for my ferret, and want to make sure this would work well for her.
I have a 12 pounds Bichon freeze would she fit in this bag
Can I have the dimension upon shipment please (item on a box) Thanks.....
A few reviewers have said that the zips only go all the way up or down so don't fit their dogs, but from the demo vids it seems there are two zips. True?
cat
how long is the strap
Are there any storage pockets for small personal items e.g.cell or wallet
what are the dimentions ?
How wide are the 13-inch Carlisle wheels?
Dimensions
Can you fit a 5 gallon bucket inside it?
What are the Amps or or Watts this model uses?
Which model is this dryer?
Is this dryer good for a long hair dog? Which nozzle is best for long hair and how do you dry to prevent matting?
I know this comes in different colors, can I get a different color?
This Dryer should come with three nozels but only two are shown - are there three?
Do the pins hold up well and do they recede into the cushion? I can't seen to find a brush that holds up.
Have a miniature Australian Shepherd, plus multiple cats, Want a wood pin brush, no clue what size! Help?
Will it be well wrapped &amp; protected during shipping?
Directions say to flush after application. Flush with what solution? More of this med, or water, or something else?
How long before redness disappears? Using this once daily, now on day two. My dog seems to have less itching, but still very red ears.
First application, his ear seems more red and lots of gunk rising up, is this OK?
After treating my dog's ear infection with this, how long should I wait to begin cleaning his ears regularly with a cleanser?
The information online say for treatment of external ear. Do you apply this medication inside the ear as well?
We have a stray cat that has scratched his ears raw. Would this help if it is ear mites that has caused the problem?
My dog does not have any problem of ears. I just use this for cleaning ears. Can i use this?
What are the directions?
can I use this to clean my puppy's ears? he is 4-month old
Can I order zymox in the large 8 oz. Bottle from Amazon?
I ordered this and only received the attachment lid but no permanent receptacle How do I get the receptacle part. I don't think just a lid costs $30.0
How does it work?
Anyone know where to get a replacement ring (part you put bag around)? Mine has broken 2 times and is taped...
What are the dimensions
Is this product compatible with the Nature's Miracle Self-Cleaning Liter Boxes? NMA500, NMA900, NMA980 specifically? Thank you.
What kind of UTH can I use to warm a plastic Sterlite container used to house a ball python?
Can these be used on the bottom of plastic, Sterlite containers?
how hot would this get?
Is there a way to get the information on the use of this collar(s) ? I own these but have lost the user manual how do I get instructions?
How do you attach the piece to the collar? My collar has no holes for attachment.
i have a jack russel mix, would this be small enough for it?
How small of a dog can this be used on; weight?
Does this automaticlly respond to barking or only when you push the button?
Dog won't stay in the fence: Any suggestions?
Is there a way to make the front wheel pivot?
Is the pet compartment big enough for two cats (12 and 10 lbs)?
what is the weight limit for this stroller?
Is there a mesh window in the back to see my pet without having to stop and walk to the front to check on him?
does this stroller have the rubber tires or are they just plastic?
WEIGHT: How much does this stroller weigh?
Does this product also work for cat urine?
Is the product Non toxic?
Does it damage the finish on hardwood floors?
Rather than buying two types of stain remover could I also use this on my carpet and upholstery?
I have a year old cat urine stain on wood floor that still smells strong. Any luck with eliminating smell from older stains?
Has anyone successfully removed cat urine odor from brick?
Does it help stop dogs from marking on the same spot? How does it smell?
Does anybody know if this works for cat pee? I have a cat that keeps going in the same spot on my hardwood floor.
can this product be used on laminate floors
I've heavy dog urine stains on unsealed concrete, and smell terrible. How to apply to effectively remove the stains? How does this product compare to the regular NM SOR?
Besides sprinkling catnip- how can I get my kitty to use this?!?!
does it work
can the part they chew be replaced
How does this clean their teeth and gums?
If I buy the speed track to wrap around this, does it block the bottom parts of the massage center from being used?
is the plastic in the center too sharp for cats tongue?
Does it take batteries? What size do I need to get?
does this run on a battery? what keeps the ball moving? (Update: I've received enough answers, Thank you everyone, but I will leave this question up in case anyone else wants to verify it just runs on paw power.)
Is this engaging for older cats? My two cats are nine years old and could use more exercise and mental stimulation while I'm at work.
How many sets of this can be connected together at once?
I have a big cat and i worry that his paw might not fit in the hole. What size cat is recommended?
I ordered this and there was a complimentary sample of cat treats in the box. I can't remember the name and my cats loved them. I don't know if they came with everyone's, but if so, can anyone tell me the name of these treats?
does it work on carpeted floors?
Has anyone tried this with ferrets? Or are the slits too big to where they would probably try to crawl in and get stuck?
what happens when ther ball no longer lights up? Is there a way to replace it? My cat is no longer interested in it since the ball doesn't light
Why does the description state that Motion-activated, flashing ball for interactive visual excitement when the ball doesn't flash?
can the ends be connected?
Is it large enough and sturdy enough for an Amazon?
Does anyone know where you can purchase food cups that fit the holders?
Are the food cups removable?
Can the cage be used without the stand?
The cage only weighs 27 lbs. How strong are the bars for holding things or do they bend easily?
has anyone tried this with their cats? has it helped?
How long does this list for 1 cat? servings?
Can I use the Tropiclean fresh breath with this product
why has this product doubled in price overnight
Does anyone know how much (the volume) is in a scoop?
what is the expiration date on this, please?
Can I feed my dogs Plaque off without food?
Can I use this on my senior male dog?
What are the ingredients?
do these have any type of flavoring? my dog won't take her proin because of the flavoring and I can't say that I blame her it smells awful!
Is this product made in the US?
How many milligrams of Phenylpropanolamine are in these chewables?
They are listed as 'chewable'. I wanted to know if this means that its a hard chewable, like a dog biscuit, or is it soft and chewy?
I see in the picture an s hook for hanging, is this included, there is no mention in description?
Where can I buy a replacement glass mini lantern?
What are the dimensions of this feeder?
Is this matt blue or beige?
what is the size
I am trying to buy this mat, in white or tan, but I can't figure out how to select a color choice or ask the seller a question.
what color is the mat?
What is it made of?
Hello; CAN I Order this mat in Beige-tan color? Let me know thanks, Larry R.
What are the dimensions of the mat?
Will this mat fit the Petmate LeBistro 5 lb. feeders comfortably?
What is the mat size?
Is each link of the leash 12 inches or 24?
length of each leg of leash
We have a Golden, Springer, and Basset and they all weigh well over 50 lbs but the Basset is much lower to the ground. Would this be an issue?
Please be more specific. How long is EACH of the nylon webbing sections. NOT combined for all three, just ONE length. You need to clear-up your ad.
Where is this product made?
Is this adjustable and if so what lenghts is it adjustable.
Is this suitable for very small dogs (10lbs each)? Meaning, are the clasps smaller, lightweight??
The gate is too narrow for my 36" opening. Is there an extension I can buy?
are you still happy with the gate? do you think a chihuahua can fit through the opening?
what is the width range of the gate?
This does come with mounting plates that can be screwed into the door frame, right?
My door way is 32 and 1/4 inches wide. Will the extra tall gate fit without extensions?
Does this same size (width) come in a traditional height? I would be using this for two small dogs (7 and 8 lbs).
Will this gate work for a doorway that is a hair under 28"?
Is it 28" with the pressure pad? Or just the frame?
Will the gate work for a 30" doorway
What is the width?
Can anyone compare this to the litter genie? Are they about the same size? Are the refill bags longer? litter genie refills are expensive =(
Why are the litter champ refills no longer on amazon?
The product comes with one bag. This bag is supposed to last 3-6 months?
How wide is the opening? I'd like ot get a different scoop to use with the Litter Champ, but I understand a lot of scoops are too wide for the Champ.
I have just switched to clumping litter but want to purchase a disposal system. Wonder if the clumps will be too large for the opening. Any advise?
Are the dimensions 10 x 9 x 19.2 inches accurate? I want to make sure I can put it under the sink. The cabinet is exactly 19.2 in high...
Is this better than the litter genie?
Would unit hold 28 bags of doggie poo? Trash comes once a week. Can it stay outdoors?
What is the length of the bag in a refill cartridge? The Litter Genie standard refill cartridge bag is 14 ft.--too short for the cost.
Does the lid stay open between scoops, or do you have to keep your foot on the pedal?
Are these lamb's ears made in China or USA?
Are these 100% natural lamb ears? Are there any other ingredients?
Individually wrapped and in display box ?
I have 2 Dobermans - are these large enough to satisfy their chewing needs, and clean their teeth?
Does it have a top loading feature
Can a carry strap or shoulder strap be attached to the Suncast PCS2417 Deluxe Pet Carrier?
Would this carrier fit a full sized pug? about 18lbs?
What size dog will fit
can it be disassembled into smaller footprint for storage
Is the plastic very hard or is it more like the plastic that laundry baskets are made of? How heavy is it?
is there a carrying handle on the top
Is there a door on both ends? On some websites it looks like there could be. Thank you.
Can the carrier could fit a two 17 Ilb cats? They dislike being separated so I am looking for a carrier that can fit them both.
Would this carrier fit under the seat in an airplane?
Is there any way to keep the guinea pigs from chewing the canvas?
how tall are the sides of the bottom?
How do you wash the canvas bottom?
What are the dimensions for the canvas bottom?
I love this Habitat, but when my guinea pigs urinate it goes through the bottom :( any suggestions?
can the guinea pigs crawl out
how big is the cage
Does the canvas bottom absorb liquids? I am concerned it will soak up liquids and smell. Thanks
Does this also come with the divided panel canvas too? Or is it just the bottom canvas by itself?
does the bottom come with my cage around it
can you take the single unit and add it on to the double unit?
Can the bottom part of the be removed? I want to put just cage part on a counter and don't need the wheels.
Are the cage wires powder coated?
Can I remove the floor and all the metal wire mesh between the two units to make this one large cage?
I have a Chinchilla that throws litter all over the place. any suggestions on what to do about this problem? thanks
Does the cage come with ramp covers? Iv heard some say it does while some say not.
So the large trays are solid? There are no wire floor above it? I'm asking because the cage we have now has a wire floor with a pull-out tray beneath.
is this the critter nation or the ferret nation thats shown in the picture?
can this be used for grown fancy rats?
Woul this cage work for Sugar Gliders?
can you take the single unit and add it on to the double unit?
Can the bottom part of the be removed? I want to put just cage part on a counter and don't need the wheels.
Are the cage wires powder coated?
Can I remove the floor and all the metal wire mesh between the two units to make this one large cage?
I have a Chinchilla that throws litter all over the place. any suggestions on what to do about this problem? thanks
Does the cage come with ramp covers? Iv heard some say it does while some say not.
So the large trays are solid? There are no wire floor above it? I'm asking because the cage we have now has a wire floor with a pull-out tray beneath.
is this the critter nation or the ferret nation thats shown in the picture?
can this be used for grown fancy rats?
Woul this cage work for Sugar Gliders?
can you take the single unit and add it on to the double unit?
Can the bottom part of the be removed? I want to put just cage part on a counter and don't need the wheels.
Are the cage wires powder coated?
Can I remove the floor and all the metal wire mesh between the two units to make this one large cage?
I have a Chinchilla that throws litter all over the place. any suggestions on what to do about this problem? thanks
Does the cage come with ramp covers? Iv heard some say it does while some say not.
So the large trays are solid? There are no wire floor above it? I'm asking because the cage we have now has a wire floor with a pull-out tray beneath.
is this the critter nation or the ferret nation thats shown in the picture?
can this be used for grown fancy rats?
Woul this cage work for Sugar Gliders?
Good for Hedgehogs?
Can you buy a replacement liner? My guinea pigs have eaten part of it.
I have three guineas that are growing and they are in need of an upgrade. If I got two of these habitats, could they be put together and if so, how?
does the cage have a canvas bottom?
how wide and long is this habitat
Hi. Would someone please tell me what the wire spacing is on this? Thinking of getting this as a Syrian hamster play pen but I don't want escapes. TY!
Whats the difference between this one.. and "Midwest Interactive Guinea Habitat Plus" cage?
Do I have to use bedding with this cage?
Does the canvas bottom smell like chemicals? I washed the Midwest playpen cover three times and couldn't get the gasoline-like smell out of it?
Would a hedgehog have enough room to burrow? Plus they climb and escape... are the "walls" of the cage high?
how often do you need to replace the filters?
Is there an on/off switch? Also, what is the diameter measurement?
how long is the cord?
ceramic
How loud is the fountain when running at maximum flow?
How much water does it hold and how often would it need to be refilled, generally? I have four small dogs (6lbs to 12lbs in weight)
where can I get a replacement pump for my Drinkwell 360?
is next to the food, in the kitchen, the best place to keep the water fountain ?
Do you need to use the filters with the Drinkwell 360 if you only use filtered water?
Why sometimes I found water leaking from under the fountain?
Is this cage big enough for 2 fully grown adult guinea pigs?
how do you change the bedding in the cage?
I have cats. How sturdy is the lid on this if they were to get up there? Thanks!
How long of a table or stand would you need to fit this cage? Is a buffet table the right size, or something smaller?
Do you think an English Lop Bunny (9-11 pounds) could fit through those little doors? What about a mini-lop (4-6 pounds)? Or do you think if he didnt fit, could I use a wire cutter to make the doors bigger?
Is there room underneath the second level for them to play? Can I use the metal grated sides and leave off the very top?
If the bottom is canvas, does the pee just sit on top of it? Are you supposed to still put bedding down?
Any idea about shipping dimensions? Are they similar to product dimensions or does it come folded?
Can you wash the canvas bottom in a laundry machine?
can you stack them?
Can you put this divider anywhere in the habitat plus cage? I would like to put it in the exact middle of the habitat.
Does this divider fit the cage base 29.50" (L) x 17" (W) x 5.50 (H)?
It's just the divider itself right?
Does this include the ramp cover?
does this also have the green bottom part that goes around like in the picture? like the rest of the bottom?
Does it come with the ramp and the ramp cover?(:
It's just the divider itself right?
It's just the divider itself right?
It's just the divider itself right?
Does it fit 22 inch width ?
what size is this cage?
Can a cat get it's paws inside this cage, if the doors are locked on it. Is it study enough for 2 parakeets?
Is the wire floor above the plastic tray necessary to hold the cage together? I prefer to just change the paper in the tray often.
Would this cage be able to hang from a bird cage stand?
do you have a stand for putting this cage on?
Will a lovebird fit good in here?
What are the dimensions of the doors and openings?
How big is the door?
Will a Cockateil fit good in here?
We ordered 10 cages w/ 2 day delivery when we finalized the order it said 2 months or more. Will cages be delivered in 2 days or not?
How many square inches would each bag fill approximately?
Is this product used instead of gravel or does it go under the gravel?
Will my plants live with only this substrate?
Can this be used with Aquarium Undergravel Filters ?
What is the difference between this and the Rainbow series which is also available?
Do these work well for those of us who are left handed?
What's the difference between these and one for people? Cause these are 3x as much
Why does the box say that it is only available through a vet and yet it is being sold here? While I would prefer to pay less by buying it directly rather than through the vet, it concerns me that the boxes specifically say it's only available through...
Capsules and paste or capsules alone?
Does Proviable DC need to be shipped packed in ice?
Does anyone know if this has chicken or any other protein based flavoring, etc.? I have a cat that is on arestricted diet...
What are the size of the capsules? Since caps can't be opened / sprinkled (would be ruined), need to know if I can "pill" my pets with these.
Hello, Does this have to be refridgerated? Thanks for your help
Why is the dosage the same for 100lb dog and an 7lb cat? Or are there dosage directions on the package b/c I didn't see any~
do you have a listing of the strains that are in it?
can you sprinkle proviable on dogs food
Can the dog swallow the capsule whole or are you supposed to open the capsule and mix it with food?
Can you adjust the angle of the baskets? Like have them face forward if you want?
Does this have to be anchored to the ceiling? My ceiling is 10'.
Durable
How much weight do the baskets hold? My cats are all 10 pounds plus.
replacement parts?
what size is the box this ships in?
How big are the openings of the bowls? I have a fat cat whose paws are 3 inches in diameter!
Do you think a cat with only one front leg could play with this? He is very smart, &amp; gets very bored. But I don't want something that will frustrate him because of having only one front leg. Thanks.
What kind of treats/food do you use with this?
Are the globes plastic or glass?
Is there something on the bottom to keep this from sliding around on a wood floor?
What EXACTLY are the ingredients
Is it okay to use this with Missing Link skin and coat supplement
How many doses are in one container?
What are the feeding directions for it? My dog is 65 lbs weight and is fighting demodectic mange with mitaban dips but without success.
what is in it
Hi, would you be able to ship this to Canada? I don't mind paying for shipping...
Is there any difference between this litter tray and the LitterWorks&reg; Permanent Scoopfree&reg; Compatible Litter Tray. The other ne is $20 cheaper
Do you have to use the trays and crystals? I have flushing litter.
Will this work with the Scoop Free Ultra self cleaning litter box? I wasn't sure if there was a litter tray size difference between the two.
Can't find Just the Crystals anymore. Can Anyone recommend a good substitute to work with automatic ScoopFree litter Tray?
Has anyone used Nature's Miracle brand crystal litter with this? It is a smaller crystal, so I'm not sure if it will work well with the machine/tray.
how much litter does the forever litter tray hold?
Where do you get the crystiles? And howdo you know how much to use?
Where do you get the crystiles?
Cant I just use a small garbage bag for a liner?
How many pounds per bag?
is this product silica free?
hello are the alpiste seed grounded or pure like on the pics?
Is this Canary/Alpiste seed silica free? And who is the manufacture?
Why does the item weight say 4 ounces and shipping weight 5 pounds? Would I get 5 pounds of alpiste seeds if I order this item? This is confusing.
Is this ground or whole seed? I am looking for the seeds, not powder and I need it for human consumption. Thanks
How many pounds
how many pounds is the box?
how many in a box ??
I am looking 4 something to keep the bird busy. She likes to rub her beak on the cage and I was thinking a cuttlebone might be better. Thoughts?
I see approximated answers from a few years ago, but I was curious, how many cuttlebone currently come in this package?
do you sell LARGE PIECE'S
About how many are in a box please?
i have a 75gal tank how much water does 1 packet treat? thanks in advance.
Will this stain my rocks? Should I treat Mr. Fish in a separate tank or does the system in which he acquired the disease need to be treated too?
has anyone used it in outdoor ponds?
Is this safe for scaleless fish - i.e. clown loaches, albino rainbow shark, cory cats . . .
Should I use half of a packet for a 5.5gal betta tank? Will the two nerite snails and live plants get killed by it?
I have some white cottony type stuff in my aquarium and on the plants and rocks. Will this stuff get ridge of my problem? The fish seems to be ok.
Does this contain the ingredient Acriflavine?
My tank is 1.5 gallons, should I use the entire package to treat?
Is removing carbon from the filter required?
We have a very long, thin cat. Most harnesses are just too short. Would this accommodate length?
I have a 20 pound, large framed, tuxedo cat. Do you think this would be large enough for him? Thank you!
Describe fastener. Is it conventional buckle? My fingers are troo stiff for tiny plastic push in fastener.
MY CAT'S girth is 20 inches would this be big enough
my cat is 22 pounds, will a large fit him?
I'm buying a "Kitty Holster" vest/harness to use with this, so I'd just like to know about the leash. Did you like the leash for your cat?
How long is the leash?
how do you measure girth?
How do you determine the correct size?
Is there a technique for switching a cat from clumping litter to crystals?
Do these have any fragrance to them? I need unscented litter.
Can it be used for a regular litterbox? What happens to the urine, if it doesn't clump?
Can it be used in automatic litter boxes
I've been using the more expensive Litter Pearls because of the problem with the blue additive that is considered poisionous. Anyone with problems?
I have an automatic litter box, can the poop be flushed with this litter? There are usually a few crystals stuck to it
Is this the same crystals used in Scoop free liter boxes
Does the litter track all over the house? I hate that!!!!
Can this be used with multiple cats?
How does it do with snow?
I have a kennel that is not a chain link kennel. It Powder coated steel square tube frame. Can I use this cover on this type of square frame&gt;
Can't tell from photo: Does the chain link "netting" also stretch across the top part of the frame? In other words, is this 4-sided or 5-sided?
How does it hold up against rain? Does it repell it, or does it leak thru?
I have a permanently installed kennel that is 10' x 20' surrounded by a 6' chain link fence. I want to cover half of it. Will this canopy work?
Is this an actually play pen? What are the dimensions?
I have a Welded wire 1-5/8" to 1-3/4" round tube frame kennel, will this work with mine?
Hello Can you give me the center measurement from kennel top to top of top? the tubing runs along the kennel itself with no clamping to kennel, right
King Canopy Dog House Kennel Cover - 10 by 10 -Feet Does this come with the metal legs as well as the tarp and is it free standing?
the king canopy 10 x 10 dog cover does it come with the free standing frame also
I have a 1yr old tank that I need to add more gravel to, I have happy healthy fish. By adding more gravel will this upset the echo balance, bacteria?
What is the difference in size between "regular" or "pebble" gravel?
What is the size of the gravel pieces in mm? Is the color of the gravel close to the color in the picture?
Can these rocks be used for a pebble walkway, with epoxy adhesive?
Do you have to wash the gravel?
In other bags of stone like this, the stones have been coated with something like varnish. Is this true with this bag too?
I have a 55 gallon tank that is 4 feet long and 13 inches wide, how many 5 bags do I need to cover an inch of the tank
I have seen 2 different photos of this gravel. 1 shows a dark color with browns. The other shows a lighter gravel with tans and gold. Which is right?
Does anyone know where I can get replacement parts?Specifically the locking assembly.
Does anyone know what the bar spacing is? I
can I get the wire gauge size for this item????
can you use this for 3 dogs?
I have 2 Siberian Huskies that weigh between 30 to 50 lbs, Will it work for them?
does this system come with two collars or do you have to buy an additional one?
Do trees affect the signal? My side yard has a relatively thick area of trees
I have two very small yorkies. How small does the collar go? would it be too heavy for a 3-4 lbs dog?
I have a 40 x 80 x 40 x 80 in diameter will this fence work.
is it good for small dogs around 5 lbs
What are the little flags in the photo for?
What is the best way to purchase, for 2 dogs? And can this go it water? Its for our summer cottage on a lake.
Will the cotton tail bunnies, squirrels and quail still be able to come n go thru this fence? I hope so.
how to size muzzle
I have 2 topy poodles that bark at anything that moves, can they still bark with this on?
I have a 7 pound toy poodle that bites with grooming nails and hair. Will size 0 fit? Does it hurt the dog?
How to size for a dog muzzell? I have 15 lbd Jack Russell.
Does it hurt them? What's the longest they can wear it? I'm taking a 6.5 hour flight and I want to know how well may dogs would take this
I have a 25# Boston Terrier. Will this size fit her?
Will size 2 or 3 fit my part lab/ pit bull she's about 50 pounds
I have a 10 pound toy Chi Poo. Will this muzzle fit my dog? His snout is very small about 6 inches around.
My dog is a small beagle. About 12-15 lbs. Could someone please help me assess what size would be appropriate. Thanks! Tom in Rochester, NY
I have a teacup which is 3 pounds would this fit them?
Are all chews the Extra-Large size? I've read some reviews that say the bag they received had a variation of chew sizes.
where is is made
What exactly is Hextra? I notice these chews are more expensive.
Are CET Chews for Dogs made in USA?
where are they produced?
Are CET Chews for Dogs made in USA?
What's the difference between these and the "C.E.T. Enzymatic Oral Hygiene Chews for Large Dogs"? (besides price)
Have you realized the chews shrinking in size and the produt getting extremely inconsistent in size? Frustrating!!!
Are these grain free?
Are these easy to split in half? I have dogs of varying sizes and would rather not buy 3 different sized chews, especially since this is a test run.
what is the weight of 1 bag?
Are these large enough for pit bulls? I want them to be able to chew on them for a little while, they all weigh 80 lbs.
Where are these made? China?
How any calories do they contain? Since the chews are a natural product so not exactly the same size, calorie count can be given per ounce or chew.
Is this made in the USA?
Are these made in the US?
Are the chews for large dogs thicker than the chews for small-medium dogs? The small-medium chews are too thin for my dogs to get any benefit.
is it easy to digest ?
Should I purchase the medium or large (&amp; cut-to-size) for my 10 lb Yorkie; if she likes a chew, she reeeally works it. Safety First!
What is the weight of the product?
Should I purchase the medium or large (&amp; cut-to-size) for my 10 lb Yorkie; if she likes a chew, she reeeally works it. Safety First!
Are these chews soft or hard? A reviewer said s/he cuts large chews in half. I previously had similar chews. They were rock-hard. Could not cut.
Ok if one 30 pk is 15.97 how can a three pack be 89.99?????
Are they made in America ? I gave my Beagle teeth cleaning bones from Tractor Supply. Made her very sick. Foreign Made. Expired
what are the calories per chew?
Would these be okay for a 65 lb and 75 lb dog?
Why the huge price increase? These were $13 or so a year ago and almost doubled now.
How often do you give one to your dog?
what is the difference in the premium and non-premium?
Can you recommend a way to cut them? Most pieces are too thick to be cut with kitchen shears or knives.
Are there any chicken products in the ingredients?
Are there any MSG or GMOs in these? Colors or dyes?
Why has the price doubled in the past year?
Are they made in the USA?
$99 for one pkg of 96? Really?
Are these chews made in the USA?
What are the ingredients for the chicken flavor?
What is the ingredient list for these?
What is the difference between the Hextra and the Enzymatic Chews. The Vet set to get C.E.T. chews?
where are these chews made?
"Usually ships in 5 to 8 weeks." Does it really take this long to get this Prime product?
How many calories are in each chew?
How long will the c.e.t. keep an ave. dog busy and enjoying?
How big is each chew in the medium dog size? demensions please
DOES IT WORK TO REMOVE TOOTH TARTAR
I just received my order -been buying these exact chews- these don't have the same reddish layer/flavoring on the chews. A change in recipe?
Where is this product made?
Where can I read the ingredients?
How long are the small VeggieDent chews? Seems like you get more value going with the regular ones.
could you please tell me the expiration date on this item?
How many calories per chew?
Is this product made in the USA? I looked on the Virbac website but could not find any information about where the VeggieDent Chews are made.
What are the ingredients?
What is the size/length of the "regular" individual chew?
How long does it take your dog to chew and finish these. I am looking for something healthy that will occupy a 6 month old lab for a bit of time.
My dog loves these, but one of my dogs keeps getting pieces lodged between teeth on the roof of her mouth. Any suggestions on how to prevent this?
do these contain any cleaning type enzymes?
What is calorie count please? can't find on bag pic. thx!
Does anyone know if these treats are made in the US?
Can these be frozen? I got this idea from some other product. It says there 'if your dog is a gulper, try freezing the chews."
Is this bag about two pounds?
I am interested in knowing where this product is made. I do not buy beef hide from anywhere but the US. Please let me know where this is made.
My 10 week old Yorkie puppy is only 2 pounds. I have problems finding dental treats for her. Are these small enough for her to get her mouth around?
Would these treats be good for a dog who had some teeth pulled? I have Checkups and those are a bit difficult for her since shes had her teeth pulled.
how many calories in each chew for petite dogs?
Are these rawhid dental chews? Thanks!
My Yorkie is 3.5 lbs, but after reading VERBAC's horrible attitude to dog's not tolerating this product, I am still searching. ANY SUGGESTIONS?..
My pup is only 4 1/2 months old, but he is around 22 pounds. Is he too big for these?
Are these Chews Flavored? My Maltipoo is picky about her dog treats. She does like the Greenies.
expiration date
I have taken my dog off all grains and chicken products due to allergies. What are the ingredients?
How do you get this to work?
Is this light waterproof?
My package arrived with lights plus a band of red velcro. What is the velcro used for?
What is the diameter of this item? Looking to re-purpose it.
I really do need to know how to turn this thing on. I've turned it, pressed it. Are they all just broken?
Does this light up on BOTH sides, or just one?
dog lights
How does the light hold up to wear and tare of dog running/playing? I am looking for a light not to use simply for walking, but for normal outdoor dog "free run" after dark in the winter, when that is the only time my active lab can get out and exercise.
What type of battery life are you getting when on flash mode?
Why does it work for some, but not for others?
how to use remote?
What are the limits of dog silencer?
Does it work
does it work?
What is the size of this car seat? I have an 18 lbs shih tzu and not sure this would be large enough for him. Tks!
What size dog
dose it have a way to conect the dog to the seat?
What are the measurements?
Does it have a place to belt your dog in so he cant jump/ fall out?
we have a 14 lb lhasapoo, will she be able to see out the window?
what size is this seat...the small or large? I saw that those are the two sizes you offer. I need the large size for my dog.
What size is this seat, it doesn't say?
I have two maltese dogs. One is 21# and the other is 15#. How do you measure from the head to butt?
How can I keep my dogs muzzle white?
What is the difference between small/med. and Large? My Cocker spaniel is large, strong and weighs 35 to 40 pounds.
Will it work for Persian cats? The large is too large for Persian cats or good enough?
How do these restraints attach to the dog?
My shihtzus are about 14-16 lbs. What size should I order?
My puppy is three pounds. Her girth a month ago was 12 inches, 6 inch neck, 8 inch waist, 8 inch neck to tail is this too big?
Is the height adjustable? My door is 79.5 "
We need this to compress to 76 &amp; 1/4 inches in order to fit our 78 inch door. Will it compress enough to fit?
What are the dimensions of the flap?
Is the opening close enough to the ground that a doxi could get through?
how thick is it? the dimensions say 4"
Can you still lock your patio door? And does it come with a cover to close the doggie door if you want to prevent your pets from coming in/going out?
will it fit 76 inches door?
I HAVE A PATIO DOOR 93" TALL. WILL THIS FIT?
Hi, I was told to measure inside the of the track to determine door height. IS that correct and my door is 76 flat, will that work?
What is minimum door height this pet door will fit. My slider is 77" high, which is smaller than some.
is anyone using this for a short tail possum (pocket possum)? If so how is it? Thanks
Could this cage fit flying lizards,jackson chameleons,ackie monitor, or timor monitor
I have a crested gecko which requires high humidity. With the screen, am I able to retain the humidity in the terrarium?
In my current exo-terra terrarium, crickets can escape behind the foam back wall. Is there anywhere for crickets to escape in this terrarium?
Are the sides all screen? If so, is it very sturdy screen? I'm concerned about cats getting into cage.
does it come with a light
Does this product come with plants an the decorations shown in the picture?
what does it come with?
I want to put my beardy out in the sun during hot summer days would this cage be a good choice?
Would this enclosure work for raising butterflies?
Is the mesh screen small enough and the joints tight enough that I can feed my squirrel tree frog fruitflies without the fruitflies escaping?
Can a Leopard or Panther gecko fit in this cage?
would this cage be good for a baby veiled chameleon?
Can I plug a bulb into the lid of this for my chameleon?
are the lamps included i would need for a chameleon?
Can a Green Anole fit in this cage?
Does this product have the light, artificial plants, branches, and damp moss?
Is a top included with this cage?
Would this cage be suitable for young iguanas?
Containment: How well does this cage contain crickets?
Is this cage suitable for bearded dragons?
Is this suitable for a juvenile Chinese water dragon, SVL 3.5 - 4 inches? I want this just to let em out occasionally so she can go wild without me worrying about em. I wonder about her nails tearing this up though as she gets larger.
is this 24 x 24 x 48? the product dimensions say 16 x 16 x 20 which is not an extra large. Product Dimensions: 16 x 16 x 20 inches ; 9.5 pounds
Is this enclosure durable enough to resist curious cats on the outside?
Does this item come with any type of lid or light fixture or is it just the cage with no lid or accessories?
Is this cage suitable for a boa constrictor?
What is the exact shipping packaging size for this cage? I am planning to shipped it overseas but worried about the size
what dose it come with?
What is the body made of?
Where is the catnip? The mouse was stuffed with catnip? thanks,
what country is this made?
Where is the tab
Does it say where these were made?
What is the body size? Nose to bottom.
Why my dogs &amp; my friends and my other family member's dogs will sniff them &amp; walk away refusing to eat them-hard to believe these 5 stars?
how many bags are contained in the $15 price tag? how many sticks are there for $15 ??
Where are these made and are ingredients from USA? I know they are distributed out of California, but actual ingredients from where?
How many K/cal calories are in ea. treat? I have small &amp; lrg. peanut butter &amp; sm. &amp; large chicken?. Thank you
Are these soft and chewy? Can someone tell me about these?
Newman's Own&reg; Organics Dog Treats for Medium Size Dogs: What happened to all these treats?
Why my dogs &amp; my friends and my other family member's dogs will sniff them &amp; walk away refusing to eat them-hard to believe these 5 stars?
how many bags are contained in the $15 price tag? how many sticks are there for $15 ??
Where are these made and are ingredients from USA? I know they are distributed out of California, but actual ingredients from where?
How many K/cal calories are in ea. treat? I have small &amp; lrg. peanut butter &amp; sm. &amp; large chicken?. Thank you
Are these soft and chewy? Can someone tell me about these?
Newman's Own&reg; Organics Dog Treats for Medium Size Dogs: What happened to all these treats?
Is this cage big enough for 2 chinchillas including toys, bowls, hammocks, hideouts?
Would this be a good cage for two sugar gliders?
would this be big enough for a single ferret
is this a good cage for ferrets
is this 110 or 220v?
What are the dimensions on each of these models? I'm trying to figure out which one of these models will fit/work the best in my tank, thank you!
Is this 110 or 220v?
Is U2 too big for 10-gal. planted tank w/2 coreys &amp; 2 guppies? I have U1 in the tank, but have concerns about foam media. Water is a bit cloudy.
will this filter work when I have sand on the bottom of my tank?
can this be used in about 4 - 6 inches of water?
I did a water change, turned off power strip to filters, turned on when done and neither starts.cleaned propeller, nothing -ideas??
can this filter be placed on the bottom of a fabric quarantine tank instead of suctioned on side walls?
What are the dimensions of these pads?
8.5 x 5.9 are the listed dimensions..I hope this is incorrect? I am looking for pads to fit a soft kennel about 21 x 30...thanks
can they be used as underpad by humans
What size in inches do the come in
Are the scented? Every bag of puppy pads I've bought smell like perfume, cleaners, fruit etc. Do these pads have an odor?
Is there an attractant on the pad?
What are the measurements of these pads?
Size? 30X 28??
What are the inside dimentions of the pan? Thank you for any help you can give!!
I noticed that someone posted the inside and outside dimensions, but could anyone tell me the height of the front opening?
do cats prefer enclosed litterboxes i really like this one
hOW HIGH IS THE FRONT OF LITTER BOX?
Is the outside bottom continuous, flat, and stiff? What's the outside bottom: WxL? I need a ramp to my CatGenie. Cut right, 2 might work together.
what litter bags/liners fit this?
Anyone provide the dimensions for this litter pan? Their website does not give the front dimensions for the inside and outside of it.
Can you use litter pan liners with this litter box?
what is the inside measurement at the bottom
I asked about the battery, batterys were dead when checked less than .8 volts. I have purchased these before. Unit was dead!
I just purchased several items from you including batteries. The illuminated ball was already dead, is that normal?
How to change battery?
What size batteries does it take?
Just how tough is it? I mean how aggressive can the be with them. without tearing them up.
how to change battery
Can anyone explain how to remove the batteries?
I assume it has an auto shut off, how long does it stay lit once activated?
Can I play tennis with it? Seriously.
how do you replace the battery?
Hi, I'd like to know if this ball is flexible like a tennis ball or is it rigid hard plastic? Will it crack when my dog chews on it? Thanks!
I can't get the ball to turn on. Any tips?
Is this ball compatible with the Chuck it thrower?
where is this food made ? I only buy food where the ingredients and processing are in the USA
is this food brothy with meaty chunks or does it have the same consistency throughout?
Is this a case?
Is this a pate?
Can anyone help me find quality canned that doesnt look like paste?
is the can bpa free?
Where is Diamond Naturals dog food manufactured? Does any of it come from China?
how does everyone feel about this brand of dog food? I havent seen any recent feedback I need feedback from 2014 Thanks,
is the kibble size large
Any idea of how much gluecosamine per cup ?
What is the fiber content of Diamond Lamb and Rice Large Breed dry food?
what is the fat and protein % ?
Will this fit in a Ford explorer
how high up from the ground is the bottom of the first "rung"?
how many inches between the top bar to the next bar down? i will be traveling with a cat - will she be able to get thru top rung to next rung and so o
Will this fit in a doge nitro right behind the driver/passenger seats? Can toy poodle fit through the slots?
Has anyone purchased this for a 2014 Jeep Grand Cherokee?
I want to install it right behind the driver/passenger seats. Does anyone know it will it work in a 2014 Ford Edge.
Will this fit a 2015 Honda pilot behind the 2nd seat?
Will this fit a dodge charger?
Will it work for any vehical?
will this work for a rav4
Seems like a great idea, but do dogs trick you with them? I mean, I'd want them to ring when it was time to potty, not to be let outside to play..
Can the bells be adjusted for length?
Do these snap closed or just slip over the knob? I'm looking to thread them through the handle on our sliding glass door...
Will it work for cats? Are the bells too big?
Before I purchase it, does it really work?
Are these loud enough to be heard from the back kitchen door if you are in another room, say 40' away?
Will these work for an older dog, 21/2 years, that's house trained?
What's the color on these??
I have a very small dog and I originally bought the bells but they were way too large and they scard her, should I buy something smaller?
Does this scratch the door?
I still need a pump for this right?
How do I purge theTetraPond Bio-Active Pressure Filter of water in the filter at the end of summer so it does not freeze in winter?
Can the tetra uv clarifier connect to this filter easily?
am going to buy the BP2500. Want to know what inlet and outlet pipes diameter are?
how many gph does it handle?
what is the height? and does the water level need to be at least 4 inches above filter?
does it come with a UV light bulb if so how many watts, 9, 18 w ??
does it have a uv light
I just need the gasket for this filter. Any idea as to where to buy one.
Is this pump a submersible pump or an external pump?
Does it have a 18' power cord
My pond is 1,000 gallons and includes a 12" wide waterfall about five feet higher than pond bottom. Is this pump too big for my pond?
The description says for max flow use 1 1/4 to 1/1/2" tubing. My pond is plumbed with 1" ribbed flexible tubing throughout. Will that cause problems
isit easy too clean
How many amps does it use?
I dont see an round inlet to accept a cylinder typre pre filter or filter box. Can this pump accept a prefilter?
Does it have enough power to push water elevation to 8' thru remote filter approx 30' hose 1.5" dia
I only have a 100gallon pond,I use a Tetra none pressure bio filter.Is this pump to powerful for my pond?Also does anyone have the specs on this product height width?
this work 220v 50hz
Can I use this with a Tetra Pond Water garden pump, 1900 gph; and a pond volume of about 1200 gallons?
Does it come with tubing or do you buy separately? What size and how long?
is ther an easy way to get the filter media into the filter
What do I do with filter in below freezing days? Saw a video where someone buried a filter below surface . Should I put it inside hause in winter ?
how to change 18 watt uv bulb tetre pond bio filter
Purchased this filter two weeks ago and the water is still murky; uv light is on. It sounds like it might be o rings. Any suggestions?
How often do I replace the pellets if at all?
UV light container keeps loosening up and filling with water, then it trips the breaker - net, not working -- any ideas. love the product
My BP1500-UV was installed 2 weeks ago and so far it has not changed the cloudy water in my pond. Any advise as to what I should do? Tks.
Even with the power on, I don't see the UV light indicator. Does that mean the UV light is out or is wrong with my unit? I only have it for a week.
i have a 200 gallon pond that the sponge filter is a pain to clean. I want to go bigger eventually only wanna buy filter once. would be too much flow?
I see the comment that "filters reduce flow by about 45%." Does this mean a separate filter is not required/recommended for this pump?
what are the product dementions
do it comes with the divider?
How much does this weigh?
What is the guage of the wire used to make this crate?
What size dog would this work for?
Hi. Does anyone know if when this is folded it could be checked on a plane? Has anyone see a wire crate that may come with a case? Thanks.
what are all the dimensions... I only see 36" by what by what?
I have a great dane puppy that is 60 pounds at 5 months. Would this be a good size? Shes about 2 feet tall
Does anyone know how to fold this crate back to flat? How do I fold this crate up so I can carry it somewhere?
Can you get replacement metal pans?
How much does this weigh?
When folded, will it fit in a normal sized car trunk or back seat?. I have a plastic kneel that does not collapse and need a folding one for travel.
What are the dimensions of the side door?
What size is this crate when it is folded up? Thank you.
does this crat come with a divider?
Can you get rid of the cage divider?
How wide are the spaces between bars? I want to use as a rabbit pen..
we have 1 year old labradoodle 80lbs expecting him to get to 100lbs. need one to use when we travel to keep him in if we have to leave him in a mo
Can it hold a large dog?
For what size dog?
How much does the cage weigh?
Is the suet holder removable?
Sounds like the top plate may be removable? Our woodpeckers like to eat from the top of our current suet feeder. Is this possible with this feeder?
Does it keep blackbirds from eating the suet?
Can bluebirds fit in? I have a hanging feeder with tailboard for the woodpeckers and nuthatches, but the bluebirds seem to have trouble with it.
How many suet cakes fit into this at one time?
Can red-bellied woodpeckers get to the suet?
Has anyone tried in the shell peanuts in this feeder? Looking for a cage to deter Blue Jays.
I can't tell from the picture, hoe is the hanging device attatched?
what creature would take off with the suet containers and one of those large barn birdhouse?
hi there, Can cardinals get in and use the feeder? THank you!
What ratio do you use to dilute this please?
What is the difference between the dip and shampoo?
how many applications per bottle?
does it work well on cats
What is the shelf life (expiration) of Pyrethrin Dip? I understand insecticides (like Pyrethrin) are very stable products for long periods of time.
how many dips can I get from this? I have 4 cats.
How do I know when I have finished using the product? Will the bottle be empty or will it have water in it?
I read where u have to snap off something on the top. Please explain this.
How do I know if the product is coming out of the bottle? After spraying the yard, I turned the bottle over and the white solution came out.
is the product invironmental friendly
does this model have a bark controller?
range?
Is there a place to attach a laynard to the reciever?
Is there a warranty with the Tri tronics Pro 200 G3 EXP training collar? If so, how long is the warranty?
My dogs love to lay down in the car but I still would like to keep them safe. Is there enough give in this harness for them to be able to lay down?
My dog's neck is 16" but girth is 28", 50 lbs. I think the large would be better than the medium?
Do I need to buy anything else for this harness for the car or is everything included?
Has anyone been in an accident when their dog was restrained in this harness? What was the result? Was the dog unharmed?
What size for a dalmation whose neck is 17" and chest is almost 28'?
My dog is an escape artist and has managed to teach the other two how to get out of the harness. Is yours more 'escape proof'? Medium sized 30# dog.
How do the buckles connect? Are they the type you just push one side into the other and it snaps (plastic), like some backpacks? Is it easy on &amp; off?
Part 2 of ?: My rescue dog is reactive to dogs and claws at the windows. Will the harness limit movement to the window?
Can you use this in a front bucket seat? She likes to be up front with me, but I don't want her on my lap which is where she like to be.
Is there a place to attach an ID?
My dogs love to lay down in the car but I still would like to keep them safe. Is there enough give in this harness for them to be able to lay down?
My dog's neck is 16" but girth is 28", 50 lbs. I think the large would be better than the medium?
Do I need to buy anything else for this harness for the car or is everything included?
Has anyone been in an accident when their dog was restrained in this harness? What was the result? Was the dog unharmed?
What size for a dalmation whose neck is 17" and chest is almost 28'?
My dog is an escape artist and has managed to teach the other two how to get out of the harness. Is yours more 'escape proof'? Medium sized 30# dog.
How do the buckles connect? Are they the type you just push one side into the other and it snaps (plastic), like some backpacks? Is it easy on &amp; off?
Part 2 of ?: My rescue dog is reactive to dogs and claws at the windows. Will the harness limit movement to the window?
Can you use this in a front bucket seat? She likes to be up front with me, but I don't want her on my lap which is where she like to be.
Is there a place to attach an ID?
is it waterproof?
Is it 1 pair or 1 seat cover per box?
Has anyone used this with a dog car seat harness? I'm just wondering how the harness will attach to the car if the entire seat is covered....
does this seat cover the back of the seat
fitting and return policy: What is your return policy if they do not fit?
My dogs love to lay down in the car but I still would like to keep them safe. Is there enough give in this harness for them to be able to lay down?
My dog's neck is 16" but girth is 28", 50 lbs. I think the large would be better than the medium?
Do I need to buy anything else for this harness for the car or is everything included?
Has anyone been in an accident when their dog was restrained in this harness? What was the result? Was the dog unharmed?
What size for a dalmation whose neck is 17" and chest is almost 28'?
My dog is an escape artist and has managed to teach the other two how to get out of the harness. Is yours more 'escape proof'? Medium sized 30# dog.
How do the buckles connect? Are they the type you just push one side into the other and it snaps (plastic), like some backpacks? Is it easy on &amp; off?
Part 2 of ?: My rescue dog is reactive to dogs and claws at the windows. Will the harness limit movement to the window?
Can you use this in a front bucket seat? She likes to be up front with me, but I don't want her on my lap which is where she like to be.
Is there a place to attach an ID?
is it waterproof?
Is it 1 pair or 1 seat cover per box?
Has anyone used this with a dog car seat harness? I'm just wondering how the harness will attach to the car if the entire seat is covered....
does this seat cover the back of the seat
fitting and return policy: What is your return policy if they do not fit?
My dogs love to lay down in the car but I still would like to keep them safe. Is there enough give in this harness for them to be able to lay down?
My dog's neck is 16" but girth is 28", 50 lbs. I think the large would be better than the medium?
Do I need to buy anything else for this harness for the car or is everything included?
Has anyone been in an accident when their dog was restrained in this harness? What was the result? Was the dog unharmed?
What size for a dalmation whose neck is 17" and chest is almost 28'?
My dog is an escape artist and has managed to teach the other two how to get out of the harness. Is yours more 'escape proof'? Medium sized 30# dog.
How do the buckles connect? Are they the type you just push one side into the other and it snaps (plastic), like some backpacks? Is it easy on &amp; off?
Part 2 of ?: My rescue dog is reactive to dogs and claws at the windows. Will the harness limit movement to the window?
Can you use this in a front bucket seat? She likes to be up front with me, but I don't want her on my lap which is where she like to be.
Is there a place to attach an ID?
My dogs love to lay down in the car but I still would like to keep them safe. Is there enough give in this harness for them to be able to lay down?
My dog's neck is 16" but girth is 28", 50 lbs. I think the large would be better than the medium?
Do I need to buy anything else for this harness for the car or is everything included?
Has anyone been in an accident when their dog was restrained in this harness? What was the result? Was the dog unharmed?
What size for a dalmation whose neck is 17" and chest is almost 28'?
My dog is an escape artist and has managed to teach the other two how to get out of the harness. Is yours more 'escape proof'? Medium sized 30# dog.
How do the buckles connect? Are they the type you just push one side into the other and it snaps (plastic), like some backpacks? Is it easy on &amp; off?
Part 2 of ?: My rescue dog is reactive to dogs and claws at the windows. Will the harness limit movement to the window?
Can you use this in a front bucket seat? She likes to be up front with me, but I don't want her on my lap which is where she like to be.
Is there a place to attach an ID?
is it waterproof?
Is it 1 pair or 1 seat cover per box?
Has anyone used this with a dog car seat harness? I'm just wondering how the harness will attach to the car if the entire seat is covered....
does this seat cover the back of the seat
fitting and return policy: What is your return policy if they do not fit?
Does it work on moth ball odor
Has anyone used this to eliminate lingering diesel fuel odors?
Any chance anyone has used this to get rid of the horrible burnt popcorn smell?
How long are these lasting for you?
If I put this in my car - will it absorb embarrasing fart smells before others get in and complain about the smell?
it says "does not mask odors with powerful scents" but someone mentioned it has a scent...could you describe the "scent"?
what are the directions for use ? just open the lid or put in in a bowl ?
how long does it last
What exactly are the ingredients? Is it 100% pure bamboo charcoal? Thank you very much!
I'm trying to quit smoking and my apt smells like a cigar store! Will this help with that?
how many bones total will ship? 8 bags of 4 each for a total of 32?
are these made in the US with US materials?
Do these contain corn?
I see one pack of 3 pictured x 12 packs would equal 36 rollhides? Can anyone confirm that is correct? Not a good price otherwise!
are these rawhide or natural total food just made to look like rawhide?
how many bones? Does "2-Count Bags (Pack of 12)" mean I'm buying a total of 24 bones (2*12) or is it trying to say the total package I'm going to receive from amazon will be 12 bones being shipped in 2-count bags.
Are you saying "8 packs of 7 oz. bags? How many bones is that?
Ingredients???
What flavors are included in this medley? Thanks in advance for any responses.
Can I feed cat from the can instead of transferring to the dish?
What Is The Experation Date On The Cat Food?
Does the box show that it is cat food or is it covered up?
My cat is picky and doesn't like ANY pate food. Can you tell me if this is chunky or sliced style Fancy Feast food in gravy?
I can't read which flavors are included, would you kindly edit your listings to provide that information?
Is this price for ONE package of 24 count? It looks like no one bought them from Amazon. Could it be there are 3 or 4 packages of 24 count ?
what was the cost for the checkups at costco? i thought i paid $8.50 for a bag of 24.
Does anyone know the calories in the large chews?
I have purchased this item several times but it always included 2 packs (24 ct each). Why did this item change to 1 pack ?
My dog used to love these, but they turned hard as rocks. He won't eat them now. Anyone know how to soften these? Thanks!
My little Shihtzu loves them. I give her a half. I notice it said not for dogs under 20lbs? Anybody know why?
where are they made &amp; where do they come from. Not China, I hope!
Where are they made? Are the from China or made from global ecosourced ingredients?
Anyone know what a good treat for a dog that had teeth removed would be? She eats checkups but it takes her a very long time.
What is the "use by" date on these bags?
Do you have Comet and Zenith?
do you have the name Shiner
do you have Winnie?
do you have the names romeo and prince
what size are these?
I have a 20lb Schipperke, what size would be good for him please?
There is no size listed nor size option to choose from. What size is this?
Can anyone tell me what's in the formula besides the joint supplements? Thanks
Does the label say where the ingredients come from? Where can I view the nutritional label?
Why does such a good joint supplement have other ingredients like corn syrup and wheat flour? Dogs aren't meant to eat wheat or corn syrup.
I have a Mastiff that is 152 lbs how many a day should she take of these?
Do the ingredients contain products from China?
is this like carprofen?
where are they made
How many mg of glucosamine does one tablet have
Does this work on tapeworms and hookworms?
use directions
directions
How many doses are in the bottle?
I am seeing a jar with and without a handle - which are people receiving? also I cant see where it says food grade, tried to read fine print.
How do you clean it up? I can't use it if I can't remove it later.
Why do you not ship to UK,i can only get 12oz one at &pound;35.Id much rather this one for $19
I assume the container is plastic. Does it have a recycling number or give any indication it's BHA free?
Just to be clear... this Thomas Laboratories brand IS food grade? My dog has mange and I was told this could be added to food and put on her coat.
How much do you apply for a 10 x 14 size room?
Can this be used with guinea pigs inside the house?
it says food grade, so is it for human consumption too?
Is this the diatomaceous earth used in diatom aquarium filter?
How long will this product last on my yard? How long before its not affected by rain?
what size are they?
IS ITEM THE SAME SIZE AS A TENNIS BALL
Where are these balls manufactured? China?
what size are they
are the dimensions listed somewhere? I don't see them, but I may just be overtired...
How deep is the base?
would this work for a hedgehog
Our side plastic clamp broke. Is there a way to order just the clamp?
Is ramp removable
what are the measurments
Would this be any benefit in copography?
Does anyone know where this product is manufactured and where the ingredients are sourced from? I know it's a New England Company but that is it.
What are the non-essential ingredients in this product? (Everything other than the 9 probiotics).
can these be kept in the refrigerator during the summer months (must be kept at 70degrees or less)
I read that this needs to be kept below 70 degrees. How is it shipped and does a warm warehouse and/or truck render this product useless?
If shipped in summer heat, will the bacteria strains still be effective? Seems like they would be killed off.
How large or small are these chews?
How fresh is this product? How long is the maximum length of time you keep your products before not selling them?
Is it ok to store in the freezer?
Gluten free
Will it fit a full grown labrador?
Is the pheromone ingredient animal or synthetic sourced?
Does this work for a dachshund who whines in his crate at night?
malteese puppy 17 mounths barkes at ru nners bikers and other dogs when walking him
How old must a puppy be to wear this collar?
Does this have a metal loop to attach a leash?
can I size the 23 in. to fit a 10 in. neck?
What size would I get for a 10lb shitzu, I order XX Small but those were too small?
Which size would I order for a Chihuahua ?
What size would be good for a miniature dachshund that is about 12lbs?
how many are in a pack?
what dog types is this item for
I have a small 5lb Maltese and 10 lb shih tzu what size do u recommend?
what size should i get for a Boston Terrier
I want to put fuzzy baby socks on my dogs to keep their feet warm outside, what size should I get that can fit the baby socks and not be too tight?
I live in Arizona and the sidewalks get hot!. Will these boots insulate the feet from the sidewalk?
I have a 20lbs shihtzu/poodle. What size would be best for my dog?
My cats often put their toys or other small things they find around the house into their water bowl. Would this damage the pump?
Is being made of plastic a problem in comparison to ceramic?
I currently have Pioneer Ceramic Drinking Fountain Big Max. I've had to replace the pump twice. Does this one have the same problems?
i have one and i like it but after only three months it is spitting and making too much noise. is there a fix for this?
Does this fountain come with a filter or do I need to buy those seperately?
has anyone had an issue with a gel like build up on the pump? it looks like a clear-white goo. hard to clean out of pump. i keep unit clean!!
Has anyone had any problems with leaking? I have purchased two Aqua Falls and within the first month they both started leaking
My kittens pull the slide out of their current petmate fountain so the pump sprays water everywhere. Can this bowl be easily disassembled by cats?
Is this BPA free?
What is the voltage on this?
Is the zipper on this bed plastic or metal. The one I have has a plastic zipper that did not last 2 weeks.
i have a 40x30x6 bed that needs a new cover.will this fit?
Does the zipper cover 2 sides of the bed for easy changing? My original did, my replacements have not.
Does this include the free water resistant internal cover that is included with this on the Dogbed4less website?
Does this purchase come with both the external and internal covers?
SC Is this item reversible, i.e., same material each side 40"X35"X4" XL MicroSuede Brown Pet Dog Bed zipper Duvet Cover - Replacement cover only
I need this replacement cover for the medium size dog bed (34"x24"x4"). Can anybody tell me where I can get it? Thanks!
Vet said use "2 pumps" per bowl for my cat. We have 3 bowls and change them 2x day (84 "pumps" /week). How many "pumps" in a bottle?
This is for Biotene.... why does the picture show a bottle with Oratene on it?? Last bottle I ordered said Biotene and that is what I got.
Use water fountain. Add fresh everyday. How much should I use daily?
What are the contents?
Can I use my dog's biotene?
What's the difference between Biotene and Oratene?
Wonder if you use a drinking fountain for your cats? It recycles the water.
Will this help protect dogs feet from extreme cold weather. "keep their paws a little warmer"
We have hardwood floors. Would this be slippery for them when they come back inside?
how long before going out on walk should it be applied? And do you need to apply it each walk, every day??
Where is the product manufactured?
Will this help protect my dogs paws from hot pavements and heat? Also, does this have an expiration date?
Wanted to use it on my dogs foot to cover and heal his torn toenail....will it work?
Does anybody know if this wax protect from the heat of the asphalt or beach sand?
how long does it take to wear off? What kind of residue does it leave indoors?
Do you find your dogs like to lick it off their feet?
I read in a horse magazine that this works great when riding in the winter to prevent snow from packing in horses' hooves. Has anyone tried it?
Is it a double pack as in, four total tags covering two dogs, or is a double pack as in, one flea and one tick tag, covering one dog?
Will these work for a little dog who tends to chew on his collar tags? I really like the idea of non-chemical repellent.
Are the tags in this package for large dogs only? or can small dogs use these same tags (do they change according to size?)
We live and walk near high power lines. Will exposure to the high power lines stop the tags from working?what about rain or swimming?
I am trying to get an idea of how this tags would work in heavily ticks infested wooded areas. My dog and myself are basically in the woods EVERYDAY. Currently using spot on tick guard but does not work very well. Looking for an alternative with same...
what does 4 way locking mean?
DOES IT WORK ON SCREENS?
Would this flap work with a plastic screen? The door frame is wood and the screen is a cheap flimsy plastic screen. :-/
What weight would all you have bought this cat door recommend. My largest cat is about 20lbs
Will this door work on an outside wall or does it have to be used on a door?
Can this product be installed on an interior wall or only on a door? If yes, does the opening in the wall need to be framed?
Would a small beagle fit through this door?
Can I use this cat flap with a thin metal/aluminum door?
Are the locks secure and is the glass on the door secure
Could you install this in the glass part of a storm door?
can you buy stainless steel bowls to fit this feeder?
what is the bowl food capacity of these bowls (i.e. how many cups of dry dog food will it hold?)
Is this strong enough, even at its tallest, not to collapse or even totter, if it my dog would never eat out of it again.
I have this feeder for my dog but need replacement bowls. where can I get those?
Do any of the popware suction lids fit these bowls?
What is max height ?
Will this fit on the pop ware food mat? The dimensions show this to be .2" bigger. Does anyone use both? What mat do you use? Thanks!
what is the maximum height?
can you buy stainless steel bowls to fit this feeder?
what is the bowl food capacity of these bowls (i.e. how many cups of dry dog food will it hold?)
Is this strong enough, even at its tallest, not to collapse or even totter, if it my dog would never eat out of it again.
I have this feeder for my dog but need replacement bowls. where can I get those?
Do any of the popware suction lids fit these bowls?
What is max height ?
Will this fit on the pop ware food mat? The dimensions show this to be .2" bigger. Does anyone use both? What mat do you use? Thanks!
what is the maximum height?
does it help tear stains
Why is NuVet Plus canine wafers out of stock, and may not be available. Is something wrong with them?
What does Nu Vet do for cataract prevention
What is the shelf live of these once opened. Thinking of buying the large bottle of these buy starting on a puppy at 1/2 per day. Thanks
anybody have an order code for NuVet Plus?
how many wafers do I give my 140 pound bull mastiff?
My cat doesn't seem to like the taste, any suggestions?
When does Nuvet plus start working?
Does the door zip closed or is there a flap or something? Of is it just an opening in the front of the tent?
Does anyone know if this would fit a leopard gecko? I love camping and want to set up a cage to look like a campsite...
Do you know if this would fit an 18" doll?
what are the dimentions of the tent?
how big is the tent ?
Can this cage be used for an iguana?
could i put a corns snake in it?
Would Crickets or other insects be able to get out of this enclosure?
could i put a corns snake in it?
i bought the xxl and am having trouble locating a proper substrate tray for laying it down the long way? any ideas?
In the instructions for this cage it says do not allow heavy objects to rest on top panel screen. Can i put dome light fixtures on it? What is heavy? more then a pound? 5 pounds? trying to figure out lighting for my chameleon. Thank you :)
Is this a good cage for an adult sized bearded dragon? He is currently in a 40 gal tank
is this strong enough for a large snake?
Is the screen nylon or metal?
Is every wall of this made of mesh/screen?
Reviews on the cage were great, but I have one question: Is the plastic real heavy duty?
Can you purchase replacement parts - the slide out tray?
I would like to know why anybody could possibly think this is suitable for a rabbit - it is absolutely tiny!!! Rabbits need much more room than that!
how does the cage gets cleaned?
Does the black cage have a door on top like the green cage? They look the same but don't have the same description.
Do you sell the removable litter tray top for this cage?
Can these cages stack?
Do the wheels come on or off if needed?
Within the last month, my bunny has started to poop in the liter box AND on the feeding platform. How do I get him to return to just the liter box???
Is this for freshwater or saltwater? I know they make both. They come with different bulbs. Could you please indicate which one this is for.
How much depth coverage does this product offer?
Does it work 220 volt?
I have a 150 Tall (48x24x31"). Would the 36" fixture work for a planted freswater tank or would I need the 48"? Thanks!
Hi... If the light associated with the "White" Control on the timer interface is not going on, what replacement light/lamp do I need? TIA !
Can I leave off the legs and place this fixture directly on top of a glass top? (The light from the space provided by the legs is annoying). Thanks!
will this fit on a 72inch tank
ok everyone I have a question and thank u in advance for answering it.I have a 75 gallon saltwater tank and am torn between these lights and the green element EVO quad 4 lights.I always thought that LEDs gave off more light than the reg T5 bulband I...
Can you feed this food alone or does it need to be mixed with anything else? [at the pet store they made me buy two different bags to mix together]
is this 100% sun flower seed free?
Is this 100% made in the USA?
Would this be appropriate for quaker parrots? If not! Any suggestions would be great. Thank you in advance.
It appears to me that I am scooping less volume with Swheat than with the clay products. Just wondering if anyone else can corroborate.
Does it track all over the place like the new "light weight litters" ?
I'm not allowed to have pets in my bldg but have cats anyway. Does the outer packing box have any pet product labeling (e.g. Swheat Scoop logo)? Thx!
Has the bug problem ben solved? I just bought a new bag and I am afraid to open it.
How do you keep this litter from attracting ants? I had tons of them when I tried this litter.
how is this different from the orange bag Swheat Scoop?
Does this come in a paper package or plastic? Is any plastic used in shipping it? I'm trying to reduce plastics.
how large a garbage can for 40 pounds of litter
how is this different from the regular Swheat Scoop (ornage
how is this different from the regular Swheat Scoop (ornage
Do the expansion panels come with the hardware to add them to the other kennel?
what is the spacing between the wires?
How do I acquire an additional gate panel?
Does it come with the 4 expansion panels and 8 kennel clips?
Is someone able to post ingredients &amp;or nutritional info? I used to feed this to my cat, want to resume, but I read the formula changed since. Thanks!
What size are the bites? One of my cats swallows, rather than chews her food. I need small bites.
What shape is this food?
What is the spacing between the wires? Need to make sure they are not too far apart for a rabbit to escape if used as an indoor rabbit habitat.
Does it come with a top or not? Obviously, there is one in the photo, right?
Can this be used as a chicken run on gravel?
What is the gauge of the wire mesh?
What is the gauge of the steel?
Can it be used for cats to place it on a deck?
Is it possibe to make this smaller by not using all of the panels?
The photo shows a wire top on this. I do not see any canvass top. Is this the wrong photo?
does this come with the sunblock it shows in the picture?
Is this cleaned easily?
About how many adult (very large) male rats could fit in this cage?
How tall is it
What are the dimensions of the opening?
What is the weight limit on this? Would it hold up a 30lb dog inside for short/quick transfers like house to car?
is it possible to secure the crate with seatbelts in the car
What are the dimensions when folded up? I need something that will roll up into a backpack for camping
Is there any mesh on the sides of this kennel? I can't tell what the black strip is in the picture. Can the dog see out of it when it is closed up?
Could it fit a husky?
Can I add water to the Shredded Lamb and Rice ? Would that make the shredded portion tough ?
Is it made in China?
Does anyone know any information about the shelf life of these bags? Are they normally on the fresher end?
Can I add water to the Shredded Lamb and Rice ? Would that make the shredded portion tough ?
Are the pellets or pads scented? I must have fragrance free for my home.
How many lb in this packet?
This sounds great for regular (firm) poo. How does it handle the occasional soft (very soft, or rarely diarhea)?
Can you use Feline Pine instead of Tidy Cats Petllets with this system?
What exactly are these pellets made of?
Hello everyone. I want seat for my chihuahua. This seat will be good every car? I have Mercedes C 350. I bought one , but it wasn't safe. Thank
Will this fit the console of my infinity QX 60?
What are the measurements? I have a 2001 Toyota Camry LE and wonder if this fits its console.
My dog is 42 lb. what size is best, large or XL?
Would it fit in a 2003 hyundai sante fe? Not looking for long trip seat, just so our Boston can see out the window.
I have two chihuahuas (5 lbs each). Does the seat come with two security straps? (also- would the 'large' be big enough for them both?)
Will this work on the passenger seat?
I dont see the the sizes, how do I know if it will fit between the seats in my Truck.
Hello, I bought this item and I love it, but there is not a front strap on it like the picture shows and the directions mention. Is this a defect?
will this work for the center console for a BMW X5?
Will a small fit a 6lb maltipoo dog?
Would these work for solid waste? Could i forgo the insert if we need to use them just for poo?
What kind of liner do I need for these?
How many do you get?
what does the term "value pack" mean? What is included besides the diaper?
what pump shall i use with this product? flow rate?
what pump do you recommend to use with the fish mate 6000puv w/uv?
How do you put this filter together
Can I get replacement parts for this since its been discontinued? Thanks!
Can you tell me how many watts the motor consumes or what the increase in your electric bill has been using this system
is this 100/240 Volts unit?
does this heater go in the tank
Just bought this heater for a aquatic turtle aquarium. Can it be placed horizontally in the tank?
Just can't seem to adjust the temp. It flashes 77, but the temp stays at 75. Why?
does it have a light to tell you the heating element is on
dimensions
is a 300w heater better than a 200w heater? i know usually filtration bigger is better. what about a heater. i have a 46 gal tank. 200w should be planty but for small price diff 300w should be better right?
is this heater submersible complete
Hi there, have you got a general size chart? My NZ heading dog's waist measures about 49cm (19.2"). What sizes would be ideal?
Is it waterproof or can it soak through?
How many diapers are in a value pack?
I have a 12 year old Lab mix, waist measurement is about 30 inches. What size would be good?
Need more size information? I have an old overweight Shepard mix with 26 to 27" waist. Not sure which size to buy large or x-large?
How many diapers are in the value pack? 2 or 4?
boxer size?
is there a difference between male and female snuggease dipers?
My dog weighs between 85 and 90 lb. Should he have large or x-large? I noticed in reviews that diaper fits different breeds differently from one breed to next. Rip is a giant schnauzer, 85-90 lb as I said. Any help appreciated.
How many come in the Value Pack?
When it says value pack, is there more than one?
I must be missing something but I can't find a size chart or any way to determine which size to get.
Does it stay on your dog overnight? Or can he wiggle out of it?
When it says value pack, is there more than one?
How often do you have to change a dog diaper? I have a 15 year old female who can't control anymore and would be in them pretty much full time.
Does this prevent urine and fecal accidents on a male dog?
I have a 78 pound lab. Would a size medium fit her?
Does this item contain 2 diapers?
Is it better to go by the weight or the size of the dog when buying? She is a Great Dane....so weight is there but skinny waist.
How many diapers come in a 'VALUE PACK'? I cannot seem to find that anywhere.
how adjustable are these? I have a 50 pound standard poodle and I want to be sure I can make this size fit snugly.
Quantity?
what size snuggease for an 85 pound male dobe?
Is it necessary to buy liners?
What size would fit a 135 pound German Shepherd?
What size for my 90 lb. German Shepherd please?
I have an 8 yr old corgi who has become very swollen around the waist due to cancer. his waist measures almost 29 inches but he weighs 40 lbs. size?
Do I need to buy any pads to go inside the diaper?
My dog is a 110lb Lab - his waist is 33 inches. He is 14 years old and extremely incontinent. What size do we need?
How often do people wash these (when only pooping) and do they stand up to the test of time?
how many diapers are in the value pack?
What size do I need? She is about 75lbs.
How to measure waist for size
Myy dog weighs 53 pounds do I need medium or large
Do these deter pooping and if the dog does poop does this contain it? Thanks!
My dog is a Basset mix, has a 23" waist, and weighs 40 pounds. What size would he wear? Thank you.
How can I get odor out. Diapers work great but odor lingers. I have tried oxyclean and scented dryer sheets.
My dog is a 75lb golden where can you find the right size. I dont see any chart. thanks
Can this product be used to load a large 100 lb dog in and out of a vehicle? Or is it strictly for grooming
Do these come with the front legs that are shown in some of the photos?
What is the length of this when fully erected? That is, what is the distance on the floor between the front legs and the back legs?
how many many small breed dogs can a 4 oz of this product can be used?
Will this work on cats?
how long should i leave it on
My dog is 78#'s how much would I need?
what are the dimensions there is two conflicting dimensions in description
Does the storage compartment seal shut? or does it have just a hinged lid that can be opened at any time?
Can you change out the picture or is it a permanent fixture once inserted? Would a 100 lb dog fit? Thank you.
Was this urn made in USA or overseas? Thanks!
I wanted to put a 1inch x 3inch name plate on the front. is there room to put it above or below the picture? just by guessing with the measurements it does not look like it will be enough room
Can someone confirm the INSIDE dimensions? I want to know if it would fit the tin that currently holds the ashes from the crematory. Thank you.
Do you think this table would be a good size for an Afghan Hound or should I go one size up? Thanks!
Would this table hold my two dogs (not at the same time)? 60lb Aussie and a 50lb Standard Poodle.
How much does it weigh when folded?
Is this table complete with grooming arm and harness?
Would this table work for my 6 lb and 10 lb toy poodles or is it too big. Not too sure what would work best for small dogs. Thanks!
Which table colors correspond to small, medium, and large? Each table description contains the exact same measurements; color me confused.
Which table color is the small? Which table color is the medium? Which table color is the large table? Is the price the only way to distuinguish size?
how do you use this product
will my 16 lb morkie have enough room?
Thoughts about using the table in order to bathe a cat . . .
does it rotate?
Is the grooming restraint included with the table?
Didn't come with instructions on how to put together. Can someone post some?
Would this work for my coon cat that is about 13lbs
Would this work for my maltipoo that weighs 20 lbs?
will a "no sit" restraint work with this item?
What is the diameter of the circle?
Have a 75 lb Labrador Retriever that licks front forefoot area above the paws raw. Would this work to stop the licking?
Will this prevent a dog from reaching his from elbows?
Will this work with long necked dogs, specifically a Greyhound? I need to keep him from licking the underside of his tail?
What do I measure? You should include that in the product information.
My dog weighs about 52 pounds but the measurement from the ear to the shoulder is only about 5 inches or less. She is an English Springer Spaniel. Whi
Need a cone for my 58lb stafford shire terrier getting nuetered Friday. What sixe do I need
For bathing?
How much weight can this table hold?
What do i need to complete the table for grooming my pet?
How much does it weigh?
What are the table leg heights for each color? Pink? Blue? &amp; Purple? "I don't know" answers &amp; guesses aren't helpful. Thanks. :)
How much does it weigh?
Is the restraint included?
is arm high enough for a labrador
Is there supposed to be a piece of rubber or gasket that makes the arm fit snugly in the clamp? Or only the screw?
Is this what anybody would call "lightweight" ? Last one I had was the equivalent of a steel beam.
What is the maximum thickness of a table this will fit?
Seller lists 8-inch ball &amp; 8-inch diameter. What is the difference?
is this the rubber plastic or hard plastic, like the egg?
Would this be a good toy for an over 100 pound GSD? he breaks everything.
Is this as hard as the jolly ball with the handle?
Is the blue one the only one that is scented? I would prefer to get another scented one as I play tracking games with my girl?
Do you ship to Australia?
How easy is it for dogs to pick this up with their mouths? Would a 40 pound dog, who is not a heavy chewer, be able to pick this up and carry it?
Does it float
Is this ball soft e&ntilde;ough for dog to pick it up with teeth?
can you change the length of the arm to accommodate different lengths of tables?
Does this come with the pet grooming loop as well?
I'm reading but i dont see where is the max weight on this table. I have 3 huskies and the largest one weighs 98lbs. how much weight does it hold
Does this table easily fold down when not using?
Does this come with harness
I know it says it fits widths up to 1.25", but anyone try it on 1.5" width table?
Can this grooming arm support a twenty pound dog raised off the table in a grooming sling/hammock
Will this fit a 42" table or is it only for a 36" table?
In your first picture it looks like this doesn't come with legs but in your fourth picture you show legs?? Does it come with legs?
What is the cheapest table that fits this grooming arm?
hello: i'm very interested in your pet urn. can you please tell me the 'inside' dimensions. i want to know what i have will fit inside. thanks
I am concerned if this comes with a bag or a seal to hold the ashes in rather than just the box it self?
had a large pit bull is this big enough?
Can rats use this cage, or are the bars too far apart?
I am considering this cage for a finch aviary. Can the ramps and shelves be left out during assembly? I'd prefer that it just be an open cage inside.
Is there any way to make this a split level sort or thing? I am looking to get two more rats, but they can't be with my current rat.
the picture shows more of a steel look: is this actually light black as I have seen on other sites?
how wide are the platforms
how many ferrets would fit comfortably and still have room to play and not get stressed.?
I would like to leave this cage open for my ferret to get in and out. Would that require an external ramp or can it be assembled without the shelf?
When assembling this cage, is it possible to leave out the floor piece and just allow them access to the bottom tray, or is that wire floor required?
Considering this as a cage for my two ferrets. What is the bottom of the cage like? The picture does not provide detail. Is clean up easy?
im thinking about purchasing this product for my sugar gliders and would like to know what the living space?
does this make a lot of noise when the rats are running around?
Is the cage itself 40-inches high, or does this include the stand? Also, does the cage easily lift off the stand, or is it permanently attached?
Is this cage suitable for baby rats? I have two females aged 6-7 weeks and am worried about them squeezing out through the bars.
is the wire spacing good for female rats?
Seems ok, but there is a lot of wasted space that is not useable. Do you know if extra shelves and ramps are available?
Has anyone tried to combine two of these cages or is it easy to take off the top?
Is the wire floor removable&gt;
Is the floor fine for chinchilla's feet? I'm worried about her feet getting messed up.
Could you put the tray in the grill slot? I am getting a hedgehog &amp; the grill is bad for their feet, but I wouldn't want the gap btwn. cage &amp; tray!
Would Midwest 30in replacement pan (for dog crates) work as a replacement pan? Dimensions are 29.5x20.5
I have a 3 month old chinchilla and I am looking for a cage for her. Would teh7/8"'s of an inch be too big for her to get out of???
Are the bars spaced close enough to keep rats in? I have 2 female rats and they are starting to chew their palstic cage.
What is the actual dimensions of the cage, not including the space between the bottom and the wheels?
For anyone who has bought this cage, is it really worth it? I'm REALLY debating on this cage because my rats cage is too small!
What model is it?
I have two adult rats? Do you think this cage is large enough for only two rats?
Would you or not recommend using this for a hedgehog?
Would be good for a single ferret?
Could this cage be used for rabbits also?
How would i keep my rats feet from slipping through the holes...?
How long is this toy?
your video's sound goes out halfway through! please fix it, I would like to hear what you say.
Is it made in China.
is it adapted for a shi tzu?
Where is this toy made?
How long is this toy?
your video's sound goes out halfway through! please fix it, I would like to hear what you say.
Is it made in China.
is it adapted for a shi tzu?
Where is this toy made?
Will this products work when dog is afraid of thunder storm and fire works, and just giving her the chews before coming storm to calm her down?
Is this product made in the USA?
Any published studies on efficacy?
what is considered a medium sized dog weight wise
Are these natural or do they have bad ingredients in them?
Does it continue to work months after starting?
Is this product safe for smaller dogs? I have a 9lbs Maltese.
Is this product supposed to work immediately, or does it take time to build up in their system before its effective?
anyone know the calorie count because I have an overweight dog on special diet
does it work for cats
How much does this carrier weigh?
This crate collapses! Are you sure they're acceptable for airlilne travel?
Can I get expedited shipping?
Does the top open too? Or just the door on the side?
What material is it made of - mostly plastic or metal?
Do you have this crate in a larger size? I'm looking for one for an adult cocker spaniel.
what are the interior dimensions of this crate?
what are measurements
Does this come with the grass? It does not state so in description.
Can this item still be used without the grass? And does the grate clip onto the base?
Do you use a mask to prevent inhaling chemicals?
I am not sure if I have fleas but something is biting in the evening. does this kill even other insects may be fruits flies ?
Hi. One other question. Where do you spray the stuff? Like everywhere..floors, furniture, carpet etc? Or just carpets? Thank you
How do you know if you have a flea infestation in your home?
Hi. Do the cats have to be out of the home during the spray down treatment? If so, how long? Thanks
How long does it take for this spray to dry? Or how soon we can get back to the house after treatment?
HI, I have a 9 month old baby. If we spray this, how many hours do we need to keep her out of the home ?
do we have to keep the windows open after spraying ?
i have tried diacametous earth,salt advantage flea spray.please should i just use a defogger or precor
is one can sufficient for a 3 bedroom apt?
How do I locate the place to screw it in? I have a sewer, not septic, and was not aware of a clean out spot.
I have heard there are models for 3" and 4" drain pipes. Which size is yours? What is the overall size? Nobody answered, i bought it and now, i get to answer... One product has both thread sizes of male threads on the outside of the collar, and the...
My sewer clean out pipe is flush against the foundation so the Doggie Doo top won't fit. Has anyone successfully dealt with this problem?
My husband is against this. He claims it will attract rodents. Can anyone support or dispel his concern?
What size is the top diameter of the drain? How high is the Dooley drain from the house drain pipe it is attached to?
Our sewer cleanout is not near a hose. How much flushing with water does this system need?
We have a septic tank. Will the dog waste interfere with the bacteria action in the tank?
Is this exclusively for private septic systems, or amenable for use with municipal service? Thanks!!
Are there any issues with smell?
I wonder if one could use this to pour waste from a bucket camp toilet down the drain after a camping trip? Maybe 3 gallons worth?
If you are selling this collar, what is preventing you from giving the length measurement???
what is the best collar to have to attach tags on (lisence and shot tags)
Does this stop a pulling dog?
I have a 120 pound lab and after reading the reviews I am not sure if I need a large or medium. Help!
Hi , probably me anf I am missing it - but no where can I find what the length of the large is or any deminsions
What's the difference between this product and this (Zymox Ear Solution with 0.5-Percent Hydrocortisone, 1.25-Ounce)?
Is there an advantage to using the Zymox ear treatment without Hydrocortisone over the one with? I've been using the one with and works just fine.
Did anyone who ordered the 4-ounce bottle receive a bottle wrapped/taped in plastic instead of packaged in a retail box like the 1-1/4 ounce bottles?
How is this different than their ear cleaner?
Can you use this topically on other skin areas that have yeast such as the belly?
Does this item have expirations date?
Does this treat ear mites?
8oz in listing but 1.25 in description. What's up with that?
Ear infection and Zymox??? Is there any possibility that this stuff will work on his ears even with them as bad as they are???
what's the life span / expire date of this product once it's open? and if not open?
How does this compare to Crananidin?
What are the ingredients in Pala Tech Cranberry and are the ingredients made in the USA or somewhere else.
Can you please tell me all the ingredients and the amount,.. I need to know the amount of Potassium Citrate and Cranberry Extract
I was wondering if these chewables have Vitamin C in them?
How does this compare to Crananidin by Nutramax?
How much of this product do you give your chickens/daily?
Description indicates this can be used for cats, but product label says "Not recommended to be given to cats." What gives?
what is the difference between brewers yeast &amp; nutritional yeast ?
Is this product GMO-free? I see there is corn syrup (typ. GMO) in the ingredient list, and ground yellow corn too.
Is this bowl sufficient for a 20 lbs dog?
Is this made in USA? Is the item as pictured or is the top by the hanlde plastic/rubber?
Why is there a ? Mark in the description? Also is it a 2 cup or 3 cup? Way fair has same deminsions &amp; says 3 C - but your site says 2C
Are the dimensions really 20 x 12 x 6 inches? Seems rather large..
The clamps don[t look very beefy. Any problems with leaking? barbs are 2 inches LONG not in diameter - correct?
The description also mention 1/4", will this fit 1/4"id fuel line hose as well as 3/16?
Which photos are of the actual item? It seems someone has uploaded dozens of photos of a different item than this one?
i have a 3 wheel mobility scooter,will this attach to the handlebars?.
Is it fine for a 24 pounds Beagle?
Hi, can the bracket fix on any handlebar or is there a recommended diameter of the handlebar?
I have a 55 and wanting to set it up for a river based tank so for both of these in a 55 would it bo too strong?
Does it make a lot of noise?
Will this powerhead work on 220-240V / 50 Hz power supply in New Zealand ?
is this two separate power heads or connected with one cord?
I have a 60 gallon corner tank, would this product be too strong? Using both PH or even just one?
can it work in a 10 gallon
Does this item work with a wave controller that turns power on and off?
What is the cord length?
Is it okay for a Robo Hamster? Or any dwarf, for that matter?
Does this come with the 10gallon aquariam pictured or just the cage?
Is the top hard to take off &amp; put back on? We want to be able to easily take the gerbils out to play daily. Thanks!
Is it chew proof. My classroom hamster is a ninja!
I have 3 mice and I want to know if they would be able to escape from this. Has anyone had any problems with mice being able to wiggle between bars?
Is this big enough for a rat?
Is it large enough for chinchillas?
Is it big enough for a hedgehog?
I have a question. Is this cage compatible for a teddy bear hamster. Will he big too big/small for the tubes??
would this be to small for a rat?
Is the large sized bed to big for a hedgehog?
Does this hang off the side of the cage orr... does it clip on the cage and lay on the ground of the cage?
Is it big enough for two guinea pigs? And can you machine wash it?
Is it big enough for a small papillon? Wish they would give the dimensions!
I want to divert the water flow over some rocks instead of using the fountain. Do you foresee any issues with doing that? Thanks (65 gal pond)
Will the entire unit fit well on the bottom of a whiskey barrel (used as the pond)?
Is this Filter Good Enough To Filter A 200 Gallon Pond?
If the filter was removed allowing the water to pump unfiltered up through the fountain part. Do you think it could work for an Aquaponic system?
How many watts does it use?
i have this connected to a Ultra Violet Light Pond Water Clarifier and the Fountain has no pressure, also the filter part doesn' sink it floats?? why?
can someone please tell me what size of tubing is best used on this pump?
Can i switch out the pump that comes with this one for a bigger one? I want to increase my water flow.
How long is the power cord
is it good for 200 gallon pond ?
What comes with the waterfall, parts, screens filters, etc.?
How much Lava Rock do you put in the media bag?
Would a 390 or 450 gph pump be too small for this filter? I have a 300 gallon stock tank pond. Outflow would be about 18" from water surface.
Would this be too big a waterfall filter for a 100 gallon pond?
What would be the best GPH for this water fall with a 125 gallon pond and I would like more then a dribble.
How many gph pump works good with this spillway??? I bought this for my 125 gallon pond and the waterfall will be 3-4 feet high.
I have a Laguna 4200 pump and 2" flexhose. Can I use this Weir?
I purchased the BP1500-uv and this waterfall filter and my pipe is a 1-1/2,how do i connect it to this waterfall adapter that is a 1-1/4 inch?
What separates this from the $25 Danner unit? Isn't this a $65 plastic bucket with a spout(spillway)?
What is the size/length of the spillway?
How wide are the stairs and how deep?
How tall is this?
Confusing, The title says "Beige" but below it says color "Grey", which is it?
how much do they weigh?
The product description says beige. However, the color choice is gray. What color is it?
What exactly is the color when it says black and gray?
Does this unit come with a training DVD?
Or do you have to "set" the transmiter to "ton", "vibration", or "shock" and then always use the same button?
Does it have tone? (is tup yes or no?) Does it have vibration mode?, Does it have one button for vibration, one for tone ant one for shock,?
does it have a tone?
is this transmitter water proof
will this bed fit a 23lb terrier?
Has anyone tried to wash it? Can you wash the whole thing or just the pillow?
Is this tent sturdy enough to be suspend from the loops at the top?
My cat is a chubby, 18 pounder. Will she fit in this?
Does this cover have a zipper to remove it and wash it?
what is the thickness of the mattress?
Does it have buttons that the dog can chew off?
Does this cover have a zipper to remove it and wash it?
what is the thickness of the mattress?
Does it have buttons that the dog can chew off?
Have jackets that were in a closet with a rats nest. The jackets now reek of urine just from the smell in closet. Has anyone tried this on clothing?
Does anyone know what the difference is between the red bottle which is Advanced and the white bottle that doesn't say its advanced but is about $10?
does this work on cat urine
Can I use this on grass and plants?
Can this be used in a carpet machine
Does this product also remove the stain that you can see under a urine-finder black light?
Please specify which size this is. Is it the gallon size?
May anybody advise? How should I use this stuff to get the best results? I have 2 problems: dirty old-looking carpets and old pet stains. Thank you!
does it work on spilled milk? carton leaked in trunk of car
What's it smell like? The Orange-Oxy formula smells just fine, so I'm wondering if it's the same scent.
Has anyone used this for cats? One of my cats throws up a lot and we think it may be due to eating too fast.
What is the diameter of the medium, large and jumbo bowls?
I have a Shetland Sheepdog, what size would work best?
Where is this bowl made?
Why is the medium more expensive than the Large and Jumbo?
Where is this product made?
Does this also work to slow down water gulping?
What about can dog food, will these bowls work ok for that?
How effective is the non-skid rubber on these bowls? My pit currently has another "non skid" that probably travels 10ft over the course of mealtime!
will it fit in an elevated feeder that measures 11.5 x 11.5 by 10' high because I don't want aluminum bowls they come with, he needs SLOW FEEDER BOWL
Does this cover have a zipper to remove it and wash it?
what is the thickness of the mattress?
Does it have buttons that the dog can chew off?
Is the bowl microwave safe?
Does this item come with a lid?
Does it have a smell?
Do you get to pick the color? Or random?
What Country is this made in?
Would you use them only for pets? Just wanted to know if I can serve some cereal to my kids while traveling
is the bottom of the bowl plastic? would i puncture it with a fork?
Do you get just one, or all three in the order? Looks like three... but description isn't clear.
What's the diameter of the 1 cup and/or 3 cup? I'm wondering if it will fit in my running waist pack.
How do I advis that I want only the blue one?
Has anyone with multiple big dogs had this scoop more than a year? I need things that are durable and last in our rescue and sanctuary.
What are the dimensions of the tray?
Is it just a standard flat spade tool? It's hard to tell from the picture if it's perhaps more rake-like?
Is there a way to attach a bag to the scoop, or how do you go about keep it clean?
How is the pan attached to the handle?
Has anyone with multiple big dogs had this scoop more than a year? I need things that are durable and last in our rescue and sanctuary.
What are the dimensions of the tray?
Is it just a standard flat spade tool? It's hard to tell from the picture if it's perhaps more rake-like?
Is there a way to attach a bag to the scoop, or how do you go about keep it clean?
How is the pan attached to the handle?
Can this be used on travertine tile without etching?
How is this at removing anal gland odors on cloth furniture?
Would this be okay to use on wood floors? I have an 8 week old puppy who I am still potty training and he has occasional accidents. He won't go on carpet, just the wood floor.
I am very sensitve to flowery or perfume smells. Is the smell of the cleaner strong?
Does it remove the smell of dog vomit and diarrhea?
Does it remove nicotine smoke from perimeter of white carpet
How many ounces is in this bottle? Thank you.
what is the difference between the regular and advance version?
Will this product remove sweat stains from a memory foam mattress
Is the bowl microwave safe?
Does this item come with a lid?
Does it have a smell?
Do you get to pick the color? Or random?
What Country is this made in?
Would you use them only for pets? Just wanted to know if I can serve some cereal to my kids while traveling
is the bottom of the bowl plastic? would i puncture it with a fork?
Do you get just one, or all three in the order? Looks like three... but description isn't clear.
What's the diameter of the 1 cup and/or 3 cup? I'm wondering if it will fit in my running waist pack.
How do I advis that I want only the blue one?
How many mgs is each tablet?
How big are they?
Hello, what is this product's expiration date?
Is this medication directly from the manufacture (Nutramax) or someone else?
Can these tabs be broken up and used for a 7lb cat?
what is the difference between denamarin and marin , my dog's alp or als levels are 251? although his ALT levels are 73 which is normal.
Does this contain milk thistle?
what do they taste like? chicken liver taste?
Hi: Do I need a prescription to order Denamarin chewables? Thought a prescription was needed? Thanks, Lawrence
what is the depth of the cage??
What`s the with of the cage?
can you put a dawf hamster in it
is this good for a rat?
I ordered this cage yesterday and I am getting a robo hamster tomorrow will it be able to fit through??? Please respond I'm freaking out!
How big is the doorway?
I am looking at purchasing this for a hedgehog. I would need to place the ceramic Infrared Heat Emitter above it. Would this damage the bars?
I'm getting Fancy Mice soon, could they squeeze through the gaps?
Has anyone had any issues with the all metal bottom rusting?
Will the 1/2 inch spacing between bars be too much of a gap for a Syrian hamster?
WHAT IS AVERAGE WEIGHT OF DOG FOR THIS CARRIER?
color
Does it have shoulder length handles?
Is the bottom of the carrier reinforced/solid? ALSO, I have a 8# maltese, will she fit &amp; have ability to look out? Thanks.
Does it stink??
does it work well for a 20lb cat to go to the vet
Hi! I would to know if this product will fit to my french bulldog. Do you know if I could use with my french bulldog with 28 lbs? Thank you!
Can my 9 lb and 11 lb cats both fit in the above item (Pet Gear I GO2 Plus)????
I have 2 cats that don't like to be seperated. Will this fit 2 cats? One at weighs 12.5 pounds and the other weighs 8 pounds.
Will this work for a 40lb dog?
Could 2 medium sized cats (12 pounds each) fit in this carrier for short trips to the vet?
I just recieved mine and I wondered if anyone has been able to successfully take this piece ONTO an aircraft as overhead luggage?
Can you put this on a bicycle? I have a yorkie and need a bag that I can attach to the handlebars.
Has anyone used this bag attached to a bicycle? I have a yorkie and was wondering if I could attach this bag to my handlebars.
Has anyone used this on United? their dimensions are among the smallest, but I don't know what will really fit under their seats...
Is this large enough for an adult pink-toe tarantula? Right now it's a juvenile.
Dimensions what size is it?
Would this be good for a Florida Ivory millipede? They grow up to 4" as adults and only need 10cm of substrate for burrowing(From what I've read)
can you use this for gecko's?
would this be good for a veiled chameleon?
Can you put a treefrog in here?
is this god for leopard gecko
Can this be used for a turtle and 2 inches of water
is it good for uromastyx?
My house is cold, so I need a heater to maintain about 75-85 degrees F overall in here for my millipede. What heaters would you suggest?
About how many treatments would this be able to complete for a 46 gallon tank?
I put this in my tank around 24 hours ago, is it a good idea to change the filter cartridge after 24-36 hours?
Can this be used in an aquaponics system? A lot of the products out there are not safe for fish intended to be food. Thanks.
reviews on bio clear cream
Does the hood come with lights? If not, what fits?
Would this work well for a gerbil/rodent?
what is size a 20 gallon tank
I want to use a glass top with suspended plant lights. Can I remove the top and put in a glass hinged glass cover.
Is the hood a heater? looking at this for a frog that needs 75 degrees
I need to know what are the dimensions of the tank.
can the tank filter saltwater
I got this tank and it is all set except the light bulb. Is it compatible to put led light?
what are the dimensions
How is that there are three different sets of dimensions listed throughout this page (details and in the answered questions)? Kind of ridiculous
Did any one else's cats lick themselves bald, develop irritated skin, or lose hair after wearing the collar?
does it have the breakaway collar?
I have a multiple cat household, and one of mine seems to spray at the front door and other places even thoughhe is neutered, Will this collar help?
Has anyone used the collar for travel? Were moving and want make it less stressful for our cat.
Can this item be used for a 4mo old kitten
My cat started pulling her hair out in one area, and now almost bald. I read online to consider a Feliway collar. Is this product the same thing?
I have an 8 month old spayed female kitten who is kind of a bully to my 4 yr old spayed other female cat. Will this help her over-playfulness?
Hi fellow cat lovers. I would like to buy these to have on-hand, however I am wondering if they have expiration dates? Thank you for your help.
How many collars are in one package?
Can the collar leave dry, flaxy skin even after it's been taken off?
Can this be used as a fireplace guard around a rounded hearth?
how do you mount it to a wall ?
Can I buy a gate panel?
Is this gate white or beige (pictures show both colors, but no color specified)?
How much space is between the bars?
I am thinking about putting this around my christmas tree. When it is configured into a hexagon, what is the dimension from one side to the other?
How many panels are there and what is the circumference/total length?
Are there rubberized feet on the bottom to protect wood floors?
good for jumpers?
How far apart are the spindles from each other?
What is the height of the dip where the animal enters? I have a mini pig with short legs and am looking for a litter box with a 4-5" entrance.
what are the actual dimensions of this box?
is this a very heavy plastic or is it flimsy
how tall are the sides? I do not see any dimensions listed
What are the exact dimensions on the bottom of the pan?
What are the dimmensions at the bottom? it seems that the bottom is smaller than the top.
How does it attach to the window and wall ?
Pls advise dimensions. I'm very interested in this product. Thank you.
will this work with wallpapered walls?
Can this be used if I have casement windows? I am interested in purchasing this, but I have the casement [wind-out with handle] type of windows.
My windowsill is almost 6 1/2 " deep. The "Kitty Sill" legs wouldn't fit because of it. Will this one fit? Thank u very much.
My windowsills are almost 6 1/2" deep. The "Kitty Sill" legs wouldn't adjust to it because of that. Can u please tell me if this one will fit?Thanks!
i have louvered windows. can i still use this product? my cat loves sitting by the windows.
Could you attach this to a flat wall? (no window)
will it still work with the window open
Does it work on window that slide sideways open and closed?
what diameter faucet pipe is required?
Does it come with the connector/adaptor that you use to connect the hose to the shower head? Or do you have to buy it separately?
When you turn the water on and use the spray, do I have to hold a button down for the water to squirt or can I lock it on?
how long is the hose?
How long is the hose part? Thanks! :D
Is the connector it comes with metal or plastic? It shows a metal one on the front of the package in the picture, but it sounds like it's plastic?
Does this work well or does anyone have a recommendation for another one?
I want to use this for washing my own hair...not a pet. Will this fit a sink faucet?
I want to use this for washing my own hair...not a pet. Will this fit a sink faucet?
do you have to connect it to shower head? can you connected to a sink faucet?
We've been using size 4 &amp; 4F for our 2 Bichons, but the size 4 now has broken teeth. What's the difference between this 4FC &amp; the other two blades?
Hi, is this ceramic blade or steel? The description says that the ceramic (ceramicedge), but in the pictures i see the steel blade (ultraedge).
Will this blade fit my detachable clippers?
I want to buy the Andis 2 speed pet plus clippers. soes the 4FC fit this clipper?
Which blade works best for a Wheaten Terrier. We want a shorter cut, around 1 1/2 or 2 inches and will be using the Andis Super 2-speed clipper.
How short does this blade cut? I'm looking for a longer cutting blade.. not a short shave?
I have the AGC 1-speed model. Does anybody know if this blade will be suitable? It looks the same as my #10 blade but I'd like to be certain.Thanks! *UPDATE* I found my clippers on Amazon and apparently they fit all UltraEdge and CeramicEdge blades:...
Can I put this blade on this Wahl clipper http://www.amazon.com/Wahl-9590-210-P...
How short does this blade cut? I'm looking for a longer cutting blade.. not a short shave?
What is the best blade and comb combination to clip a Wheaten Terrier who has 4 in long hair and would like about 1 1/2 - 2 inches? Thank you.
Will the 3 3/4FC fis my Oster 76 Classic? I've been told Andis is superior to Oster blades and would like to try one.
Will this Andis 3/4 HT fit my Oster 76? Also I see that this is used for pets, but I am interested in using it on people. Any issues with that?
what does the ht stand for?
Will guide comb attachments fit on this blade?
Are you able to ship to Australia?
Will the Andis 63980 Ultraedge Blade, Carbon, Size 3/4ht (19mm) work w/Andis AGC2 ceramic blades
Will the Andis 3/4 blade fit the Oster A5 Clipper
Will this fit an A-5 Oster Clipper?
will it fit a ag2
Were there supposed to be 4 screws or only the two that we already in the leg?
How do you clean the bed? Is there any way we can take out the stitches and then secure it so that we can wash the hammock?
I did not receive any screws with this product! Only the 2 attached the the poles, but none to connect to the base. Please help me !
What's the size of the hammock? (is it safe and big enough for adult cats? 10-20 pounds, will they fit)?
is the top bed supposed to be unsecure?? Got my answer, thanks everyone!
how wide is it
Any suggestion on how to get my kitty interested? I tried catnip on the legs.
Will this hold a 20# cat?
how tall is it
Do the cats have to climb into the top bed or can they jump into it?
So its just the cage? No light?
Is the "bottom door" also mesh? If not, what material is it made of?
Would this cage be appropriate for a 2 foot ball python?
someone told me that it ripped his iguana toe nail when climbing which makes it unsuitable for iguana. is that true?
What floor/mat heater would work well with the bottom?
Will this work for a frilled dragon throughout its whole lifetime?
is this a good cage for a iguana and something that they cant get out
Is this appropriate to use for anole lizards that need to keep warm? My son has a heat lamp, but we don't keep our house at lizard temp -new pet owner
How do you keep it humid enough for the chameleon? Also, how do you keep the temperature comfortable for the chameleon?
Could this cage be considered cat proof? If not, any good ideas on how I can make it so my cat can't get in?
How easy is it to clean/access? I want to upgrade a 10 gallon for 3 mice. Also, it doesn't seem like it would catch their feet, does it?
Would you say this habitat is large enough for two rats? The rats will start out as babies.
How large are the gaps or holes in the ramps? The pictures are inadequate to judge this and I don't want my gerbil getting caught in them?
I only see two levels in the picture. Where is the other level? Also,would this cage be durable for two or three guinea pigs?
Just making VERY sure, but, a gerbil will be ok with this, right?
does this cage have a floor
I rescued a gray mouse from a cat and want to use this wire cage for it, does the cage have a bottom attached?
Is it true that the bar spacing is half an inch? It's highly recommended to get a cage with spacing between bars that are 1/4 or less for mice. :(
Is this suitable for ferrets?
how many gallons does this hold?
Does this tank have moon lighting for the night ??
What is the length of the tank in inches?
is this an acrylic or plastic tank?
is this a 10 gallon tank and what does it comes with does it come with a heatter and a filter and is it eszy to set up and does it comes with light
what size of the filter cartidge it uses? small or medium or large?
What type of heater is included?
I have a digger. She wastes so much food. In the picture it looks like there are edges that would stop this? Is this the case?
How big is this product?
what material is this dish made out of?
Would this stand be the right size for a small Congo African Grey?
Would this product work for an African Grey? It seems from the pictures that it might be too small for him.
Does it seem like this size playground would be ok for a lovebird? I saw some people wrote their cockatiels had some problems with the ladder....
How did you get your birds to use this playstand? All five of our birds are terrified of it. They usually use small tabletop wooden playstands.
Is this too big for a cockatiel?
Has anyone purchased this for a Parrotlet and if so what is your experience? Good size wise?
Would this work for an Umbrella Cockatoo
Does the 16-1/2-inch width dimension INCLUDE the seed catcher? Or is 16.5" PLUS the seed catcher's width? Thanks!
Would this be too big for a quaker?
Would this play stand work a double yellow head amazon? If not, is there one you can suggest?
Does this produce micro bubbles in the tank? I am using the fil star xp-L now and it produce tons of micro bubbles.
it has filter UV??
Is this model ok or too big for a 40 gallon salt water tank or should I use the next model down the 2071. Thanks
What is the voltage? Will it work with 220v input (singapore). Thanks
What "for 2073 Model" mean? Does it mean that I have to find that model &amp; buy it too before I can buy this?
salve fate spedizioni in Italia??? e quanto costa ??? Grazie----------hi, do shipments to Italy?? and how much does it cost?? thanks ----------
Is it free-bolt?
Does it comes with media?
Hi, this filter is a thermofilter?
what size aquarium is it meant to handle? i have a 100 gallon tank and need more info.
Can you run this pump without part A. Main Housing Strainer? I'm aware it wont be protected, but im wondering if the cover also holds the impeller on
I assume this has an attached power cord; not clear that it does from the image on the website. Thanks.
What size tubing do you need for this? I would like to combine my orders here but I don't see any specs as to what style / size of tubing I need.
Does this have a standard 3 wire grounded plug?
Does it come with the tube?
Is the flow of the pump adjustable?
is this fresh or salt water
Will this pump lift water 18"???
Does this unit come with an attachment so that 3/16" inch tubing (standard airline size) can be connected to the output?
I have a TC 30 turtle filter and it is no longer able to keep up with my full grown chinese water dragaon......has any else used for a water dragon?
I have a 65 gal and a 110 gal tank. What size would be the best?
How do you preserve the beneficial bacteria when you clean the filter?
Need replacement tubes. What size/dimensions do I need? Amazon has 3/16th standard tubing on sale. Will that work with this filter?
How long is the splay bar? will it fit to the 12" side wall of tank?
what are the measurements of this in length and width?
how sturdy is it? It look like thin plastic....but it did get 93 five star ratings.....thanks!
what are the dimensions?
Is the bottom flat on this litter box? Some litterboxes have indentations that make it impossible to scrape the bottom smoothly.
Do you use a liner with it?
what colors does it come in?
Are the corners in the front and the entry area difficult to clean? It looks like it dips outwardly at the entry.
i have a planter looking litter box, is this too big to fit?
What is the size? width, height and length
what size is it?
Can a tube be connected to move the water? Looking for a water pump to be used for aquaponics
Does the motor run off of AC or DC? IE: Is the plug a box wall wart or a simple plug?
Is this pump small enough to fit in a pet water bowl? My pump that came with the bowl died and I am looking for a replacement pump.
Is the power cord a standard 3 wire grounded wall plug?
Can this pump be used for hot water, just under boiling temperature?
Can this pump run not submerged as an ATO pump. Using tubing and running it outside the resevoire
What is the range of temperatures the pump can handle when submerged?
i need something to improve airflow in a 55 g tank. i do not want an undergravel filter w power head. would it attach in somehow?
what is the dimensions of the JW Pet Company Walk up barn (Large) Thanks
What are the colors available? Any way to choose?
I am thinking of purchasing this as steps to the second story for my G.Pigs. Can anyone tell me the height and width of this product?
This product page is for Small, Large or Extra Large? And what is the colour?
what are the dimensions of this carrier?
for a 6 lb dog does the small sturdibag have enough room ? I have a toy pom.
Other Sellers mention a zippered opening on the top of the bag 4 access to comfort the pet; does yr bag have this?
Has anyone taken the XL Sturdibag on an International Flight. Im flying Luthansa to Munich.
My terrier mix is 14 lbs &amp; Shoulder to Floor = 14 inches in height, (20 inches in height with head.) Do I need the XL or can I get away with a Large for plane?
How far down will this size "smush"? I am concerned it will be too tall for airline travel
Traveling w/2 smallish cats (17 lbs), Hawaiian airlines, frm JFK-Oahu, 1st class (more rm., airline said OK). Lrg or XLrg size better?
I am moving to Canada and we need to bring our dog who is about 30 pounds. Is this carrier going to work for her either on flight or in cargo? I
can 2 cats fit?
Flying United, should I buy the large or extra large? My yorkie/westie poodle mix is 11 lbs. 20 in.L nose to base of tail &amp;14 in. H floor to head
Will this fit a corgi?
Flying Delta with a Cocker Spaniel. Delta MD-88 has seat measurements of 20L x 15W x 11H. Can this push down enough to fit the height requirement?
How much resistance did you get from flight attendants in ticketing/boarding/on-board of having the XL version? How did you handle this?
Does this collar offer vibrate as well as shock stimulation? I would like to be able to use vibration before a shock is used.
how do you change the intensity on the remote
is it waterproof?
Is there a collar that is compatible as a training AND in ground electric fence? Or do I need to buy two different collars?
Battery is dead after 2 years. How do you open the collar housing to replace the battery? and what battery to buy? Thanks in advance.
where can I buy just the charger!
have had the system for about 1 year worked great. Three days ago it would only work 5 yards away. Any suggestions?
I have a 30lb Dachshund/Blue Heeler mix...what size would you recommend?
Hi. Will this whistle in short distances - like in a small yard outside or a long hall inside - or does it have to be thrown far to make noise?
Are there one or two holes in each ball?
In the past the pack came with one blue and one orange ball. Is there a way to make sure I get 2 blue balls?
Where is this product made?
Hi I'm thinking about trying these for my German Shephard. She loves tennis balls but destroys them to quick. What size ball do you recommend ?
Expandable up to 6 dogs? Can you shock them all from the same remote? Cannot find any info on this.
For recall--do you nick/vibrate dog when he doesn't obey to "come" (after learning) or when saying come (like in video)? Only want to use for off-leash recall, just not sure how/when to use
Does this collar go into a sleep mode like others I have bought? I try to use tone to call my dog and it won't beep if the dog has been still.
How big is the collar?
if it stops shocking what to do
1. For how small of a dog can you use this? We have 2 JRT one 18 other 23 lbs. 2. So for training 2 dogs on this i won't be limited on settings?
auto bark
Does this remote have a lanyard
I have a shepherd with very long, thick fur on his neck. does this collar come with longer posts? Or can I get longer posts for this collar?
I'm in South Africa. Will I be able to charge the device with the charger it comes with or will I need to get an aditional charger?
how much does it weigh?
will this work on textured carpets?
Can someone advice if this runs on 220V?
Does it have a retractable cord?
I have 4 dogs...how good is this for picking up dog hair?
Does it work on Mohawk smart Strand Silk carpets?
How well does this do on wood and tile floors?
Does the vacuum pick up kitty litter? over an extended period of time Does the vacuum pick up kitty litter?
does this sweeper have a hepa filter and turbo brush for stairs
Does this have a STAIRS attachment?
I have a 17 pound cat. Will the two beds be big enough for him?
What is the height, width, of tree??
Would you make this available for larger cats, please?
what are the two EXACT colors... is it light blue/black or is it white/black
is this product 24 inches tall?
what are the dimentions?
how much does it weigh, and is it fully assembled?
Is it weighted? If so, what is inside the ball?
I have a 7 inch dog bowl, should I get the small or large? I don't want it to be too big or too small.
What is the size?
I have a 6 1/2" bowl with the bottom at 5 1/4. Is the large to big for a cocker spaniel
Can this be used for cats or do you think it's too big? I have a pretty big cat.
We have a 7lb Papillon. Do you carry the spacers for dogs that size?
Has anyone used this for their dogs drinking too fast?
I want to make sure I get the stainless steel and not the porcelain ball, how do I do that?
The title says "Large, Stainless Steel" but the drop downs only let me pick "Porcelain" under color. Which material is it?
what is the diameter
thundershirts for cats? Thundershirt Dog Anti-Stress Wrap, Heather Gray, LargeHas anyone had any experience using the Thundershirt on their cats for traveling?
Sizing: weight vs. height: Does anyone have experience in fitting these shirts?
Has anyone used it for their dog during a road trip?
will this help with exciteable or anxious eliminating in the house?
does it help with dogs that are afraid of people
does it really help with firework anxiety
does the shirt work for dogs who get all worked up riding in cars, drooling, throw-up,etc?
My dog is 30" (29" if very snug around his bushy coat), and the box says size L is for dogs up to 30," and the XL is for dogs 30" and up. Which size?
is this something a dog would wear for long periods of time?
Dog freezes up? Has anyone else had experience with their dog turning into a statue with the Thundershirt on, and if so, did your dog eventually get used to it?
what's the total lengh of the exercise pen?
is this only 24" wide?? that doesn't seem very big..
Shipping time?
Can you walk through the door (not connected at the top)?
how many inches wide is the gate?
Could I buy two and put them together and it still work? Or is that not possible?
Does the 36-inch pen have 24-inch wide panels? It doesn't specifically say in the description.
Can I use it in one long line to block off my apt patio and keep dogs on patio?
can this hold a 60 pound German shepherd and does it stay in place?
Which panel is the door on? My pen is connected to the crate to the corner of the room so I have to make sure the door is not on the end panels.
What is the size of the panels and how many panels are there?
Is it possible to add two of the Midwest pens together that have doors?
I wonder what's the different between this pen and the one without door? The one without door is actually more expensive than this. Which is better?
What size are the panels or are there panels?
Can the dog push over the pen when it is all set up?
Instead of using it as a circle, can you use it as a fence to corral a dog into a certain area?
Is a 30' tall enough for a mini goldendoodle who will weight about 40lbs full-grown?
We have small dog &amp; want a lightweight portable fence to keep in our RV to corral her when needed. Any suggestions?
what is the size if you set it p two feet wide
What size is it when folded? Would it fit in the back of my RAV4?
The packaging advertizes dogs ... do these clippers also work on long hair cats?
I need to know what is the voltage at which must be connected this clipper, if only accepts 110V or can be connected to 220V
So the gel lubricant for these clippers. Can I buy it somewhere. My dog ate the bottle before I could use it.
Are these heavy enough for a chow or labrador?
what numbers are the guards? Lucy is a Chow mix, so I don't want her clipped too short.
I'm a beginner and saw a couple of complaints about noise. My dog is calm, but don't want to traumatize him. Is it really noisy?
how long is the power cord?
Do these work on a shi tzu?
How quiet is this? My dogs don't like loud noise.
do these work for a black lab?
What feeders do this product fit?
Aspects 384 Nectar Guard Tips what feeders do they work with
if you get one of the feeders with a perch and use these can they still perch and drink or do they have to hover?
will these work on the Aspects Jewel Box window mount model ?
Do they come in sizes
Will these work on any hummingbird feeder
How many tips come with this package?
Do these tips work with the glass "Bloom" feeders? Want to buy them, but need to know if they will fit the feeding ports. J. Christensen
will it keep ants out ?
What is the best way to attach it to the post????
my cat is very large.she weighs about 15 lbs...she is shredding the sisal rope as fast as we put it on there...wondering if should use bigger rope .
I need to redo the two lower posts of my cat tree. They are each 20" down and 13" round (posts are square), how much sisal rope do I need please.
Secondly, how do you fix this to the pole? Just tie it at the top and bottom?
Is this untreated sisal rope?
I need to re-do my lower rung of a large cat tree. Can i just wrap this around what is already there? It hasn't come unraveled but is shredded.
Hi! when is the expiry? Thanks!
the description says 24 containers but the phone and ingredients descriptions look like 6 of one type + 6 of another which totals 12. Which is it?
Is this made in China?
Is the 3.5 oz enough for dogs weighing 7-9 pounds? (Feeding two cans a day)
Can anyone tell me where this food is made?? (not just DISTRIBUTED FROM) and where is the MEAT sourced from?? thanks
The product description says Pack of 24 but the box says 6 chicken and 6 sirloin. Does this mean it's two packages?
is the price for 12, or 24 tubs of food, the add says 24, but clicking into the product, it then says for 12
Did the price just shoot up by over $10.00?
Is this p&acirc;t&eacute;?
What is the PERCENTAGE OF BY PRODUCTS in Cesar filet mignon flavor dog food.
Hi it says pack of 24. but the photo shoes 12 pcs only. Is this really a pack of 24? :D Thank you!
Question removed
does the pump plug into the lighter?
what is the warranty on this item?
can you just inflate one side?
Could an adult use this seat extender as a place to sleep when camping?
Hi im trying to buy this item, but im worrying about if this item fits on my car or not. My car is IS-250 F-sport Lexus Please answer this question ^^
will this fit in a Toyota Corolla?
I have a Ford Escape, will it fit in it, and can you fill the chambers separately?
will my dog pop it with his nails?
is pump loud? I have a 2 door car, old dog would climb in better if half is deflated then inflate after he's in, but loud motor might freak him out.
What is the size in feet and inches of the refill?
does this work to remove cat hair from clothing?
what handle does this refill fit? i have a green handle and know its an "evercare giant lint roller" but that's all
Does this just come with one refill roll? If so, its more expensive than just buying the roll with the handle...
does this fit the lint roller with the T handle called "ever care pet, giant home and auto"?
I wanted to buy slow feeder bowls after I purchased this. Does anyone know how big the bowls are in diameter, or how big of a bowl may fit?
Does the large Neater Feeder come with an extra set of bowls?
how many cups of dog food and water will it hold ?
We have a puppy that will grow up to be 50 pounds and is now 4 months old weighing 20 pounds. She is a German Shepherd and Chow. Which size do you recommend? Thank You
Does it come packaged in a box just like the ones in stores? Is it made in USA? Is this being sold by the manufacturer or is it a copy cat?
Do you think the large or medium is best for a 60lb pit bull? She has long legs.
My dog is not a messy eater but water dribbles from his fur all over the floor when he is done drinking. Will this help with that problem?
Wondering how this would work for cats? Did anyone purchase the small size for cats and if so, works okay?
I have a Pug and French Bulldog. I'm torn on which size to get :(. Which one would suit both?
Wall along back as shown in picture is not even half as tall as in my actual product Is the tall wall behind bowls not as high as shown on yours?
I wanted to buy slow feeder bowls after I purchased this. Does anyone know how big the bowls are in diameter, or how big of a bowl may fit?
Does the large Neater Feeder come with an extra set of bowls?
how many cups of dog food and water will it hold ?
We have a puppy that will grow up to be 50 pounds and is now 4 months old weighing 20 pounds. She is a German Shepherd and Chow. Which size do you recommend? Thank You
Does it come packaged in a box just like the ones in stores? Is it made in USA? Is this being sold by the manufacturer or is it a copy cat?
Do you think the large or medium is best for a 60lb pit bull? She has long legs.
My dog is not a messy eater but water dribbles from his fur all over the floor when he is done drinking. Will this help with that problem?
Wondering how this would work for cats? Did anyone purchase the small size for cats and if so, works okay?
I have a Pug and French Bulldog. I'm torn on which size to get :(. Which one would suit both?
Wall along back as shown in picture is not even half as tall as in my actual product Is the tall wall behind bowls not as high as shown on yours?
I wanted to buy slow feeder bowls after I purchased this. Does anyone know how big the bowls are in diameter, or how big of a bowl may fit?
Does the large Neater Feeder come with an extra set of bowls?
how many cups of dog food and water will it hold ?
We have a puppy that will grow up to be 50 pounds and is now 4 months old weighing 20 pounds. She is a German Shepherd and Chow. Which size do you recommend? Thank You
Does it come packaged in a box just like the ones in stores? Is it made in USA? Is this being sold by the manufacturer or is it a copy cat?
Do you think the large or medium is best for a 60lb pit bull? She has long legs.
My dog is not a messy eater but water dribbles from his fur all over the floor when he is done drinking. Will this help with that problem?
Wondering how this would work for cats? Did anyone purchase the small size for cats and if so, works okay?
I have a Pug and French Bulldog. I'm torn on which size to get :(. Which one would suit both?
Wall along back as shown in picture is not even half as tall as in my actual product Is the tall wall behind bowls not as high as shown on yours?
Does it also taste bitter to a cat's tongue?
3" in width, but what is the appproximate length??? so i have an idea how many rolls to get. thx!
Approximately how long is the wrap?
Approximately how long is the wrap?
Is the bottom attached or is there a zipper on the bottom like the top is, so it can be removed for washing?
what is it made of? Is it the kind of olefin fabric, real strong, like others? Or is it just tougher grade plastic?
Is this durable enough to withstand cat teeth? Also is it large enough to hold two cats?
Is the floor also zippered or is it velcro? I had one with velcro floors and my bishop was able to open it and climb under it
how would this hold up for ferrets?
Will I be able to use this for my guinea pigs to have a place other than their cage?
Is the material strong enough to hold up against kitty claws? What is the bottom made of?
We were thinking of using this as a transport for my 5 cats. The total in weight would be over 50 lb. Will this work for them?
What supports the sides and to top of this? I've had canvas carriers that collapsed on my cats.
Is there a top to this? It looks like there might be a mesh top. Also, what are the dimensions when it is fully opened?
What supports the sides of this, if anything. I've had carriers that the roof kept collapsing on my pet.
How is the bottom of the Playpen secured in?
How much does it all weigh?
Does the top close up? I don't want my dog to be able to jump out.
does this have a zipper or velcro bottom? Thinking of this for my rabbit. What do you think? Thanks!
Is this playpen "teal" or bright green, looks green in the picture
Is it completely enclosed? Even on top? I'd like to use it for ferrets, but I'm worried they'll find a way out.
Is it big/sturdy enough for a 2 month old pitbull puppy? We just need it till he's better trained a bit.
Is the material it's made of strong enough to with stand a dog scratching to get out?
Can you unzip the top if you want?
has anything been done about the zippers. A lot of people complained about them, sounds like time for a redesign, or is that why the price reduction?
I have a grown Italtian Greyhound who will not go on a pad. If he lifts his leg on the side, will his pee get out? Is it waterproof around the bottom?
Does this have a cover on top to prevent a dog from jumping out of it?
i have heard from the reviews that the zipper is difficult to get up and down. has this been fixed? Is this a medium or large? need a large
Does it have a velcro or zippered bottom?
What type material is this made of?
Is the top openable; meaning is there a zipper or something that opens up the mesh top?
Does the bottom zip, or velcro, or attached and is it waterproof? Thanks!
Okay, this came up in a "small" search, and the height is small, but the diameeter at 41: is big. Is the diameter measurement a mistake? Thanks.
is this suitible for toy jack russels
I have a puppy that should grow to a max of 60 pounds. Will this play pen hold her as an adult dog?
I need to store it in back of RV. What are the dimensions when folded?
can you put 2 yorkies in this. one 7 pounds, the other 2 pounds.
I want to introduce a New kitten, it Will fold down if my 17 lb cat jumps on it?
Is there a place to hang a water bottle for small animals?
Could this be suitable for small animals, like rats? Mine can get out of the metal wire ones made for small animals.
is there a mesh cover/lid to keep cat/dog from jumping out
does the floor have a zipper as the top doesa
When putting away, does it just fold easily or is it hard to close up?
Is the bottom of the pen attached or put together with velcro? I know the top zips correct?
Is there a door
Does this pen have 2 ZIPPER PULLS On the large top zipper? I love this pen, used it when I had my cat spayed, took it down, then had to set it up again and it will not closetotally, the zipper is coming apart, was not sure if it had 2 PULLS one going...
Would a ferret claw through the mesh?
is there a place to hang a water bottle for guinea pigs?
I have 2 ferrets, will the netting hold up?
My TOY POODLE weigh 9.6lbs. Would a size medium be big enough? Please respond as soon as possible.Thank you!!!!
Is the floor of this pen plain?? Does it have a little mattress, or is the floor/grass the floor bed. Thank you
I will be getting a cairn puppy and I am looking for something like this to keep her in at work. Is the medium adequate size for a cairn to grow in?
Does the bottom come out for washing?
Is this a popup or is assembly required?
is the bottom attached
What is the warranty?
I would like to know if any people have had problem with their dogs licking the sunscreen off?
Is this sunscreen water proof?
Ok to use in a household with cats? I know this product is not supposed to be used on cats, but what about using it on a dog that lives with cats?
is it from china
Is this product cruelty free? And vegan?
Ingredients: Can anyone list the ingredients in this product?
Can this be used on a dog's nose to prevent sunburn?
Does anybody know about how much the can actually covers? I have a German Shepherd and I would have to spray all of him (nose to tail, top to bottom)
What is the level of protection, SPF level?
Is there an expiration date on this?
What country manufactures this food?
Is this pate, chunked, flaked or filets type of cat food?
Is there an expiration date or sell by date on these particular cans,if I order them today?
How many cans for the listed price?
How can this contain live "naturally-occurring micro-organisms" if it's canned?
I have heard Carrageenan is unhealthy for cats. May I ask that you stop including this ingredient? Thank you.
i would like to know where the ingredients for this product are made. i realize that they are distributed from the US but my concern is the origin?
Are these soft or hard treats. I have a couple small very old dogs that have a tough time with hard treats.
Where are milk bones made
What is the fat content of the treats?
Why is the two pack more expensive than 2 single packs???
where is this product made.
Does the package give a range of weight or size of dog?
does the knobs on collar face up or down
Does spray go off if the dog sneezes??
Does the collar come with all supplies needed (batteries and spray)?
Can these collars be used on cats? I am at my whits end!
Is this product available in a retail store?
Have 3 Maltese (from 4 to 8 lbs) that all ADORE barking. These collars are small enough? And could one dog's bark set off another's collar?
Will this stop cats from meowing?
can anyone confirm if this works for a 10lb long hair Pomeranian
does it come with the can of spray?
Do the sizes account for the chain? i.e. are the provided neck measurements for the collar's loose position or for its tightest position?
For each size, how many inches does the collar length change when pulled tight by the chain?
Is it necessary to adjust collar each time take it off or put it on?
I have a female St. Bernard, who has a short, thick neck. Is the 1" collar suitable for this breed?
My current martingale collars tarnish my dogs white neck, will this collar rub off and discolor the fur?
Does this have to go over the dog's head or can it be put on "around" his neck?
Can this be a full-time everyday collar?
Have a full fur standard poodle. Don't want to readjust once fitted. Doesn't chain allow for fitting over head and tighten safely if dog pulls?
What size for a lab mix 10 month old puppy weighing around 55 pounds with a 17" neck size?
I have two beagles with chest sizes 22" and 20". Would you suggest the large size?
i have a bassett hound what size is right for him
Is this the same sporn mesh harness that I see on amazon for $63.00, if not what is the diffrence?
I have an American bulldog that is as least 95 pounds. Will this harness be strong/large enough for him? He's young and naturally muscular.
what size for a boxer 60 lbs?
Has anyone compared ingredients of Biotene antiseptic gel and the new name Oratene Antiseptic gel. I want to make sure new company makes exact same
Does this contain any ascorbic acid (vitamin C), citric acid or sodium citrate? Vitamin C can cause liver and kidney damage in Chinese Cresteds and the jury is still out on the other two ingredients so I trying to be cautious..
Can I use this without a toothbrush for my cat and it still have the same effect? He is anti-toothbrush and no way to convince him otherwise?
I see it is only shipped in USA and the company is located in the USA, but does the package state it's made in USA?
what is the flavor?
is it a same with biotene oratene veterinarian maintenance? cause picture says its from zymox
does this water additive actually work on cats? thanks! :)
Is this made in the USA?
is oratene the same a biotene
Is this tasteless ?
If my dog water has a carbon filter, will it filter out the product?
Does this contain flouride?
Adding to food rather than water: Is this a product that I could put on top of dry food rather than in the water?
Does this product contain propylene glycol? I saw it listed on another site. Lots of controversy concerning the safety of this chemical.
Does this have Xylitol as an ingredient?
Will receiver collar on this g3 mate to my other classic 70 g3 hand held transmitter?
Does this collar have a "Tone" function?
How long is the collar? I have a mastiff and a Great Dane.
Does a charger come with it?
Is there 6 collars with the remote?
how many collars does this come with
Does charger come with this product (Tri-Tronics Classic 70 G3 EXP Training Collar )?
So one ml of the product contains how many mcg of ivermectin? Just trying to double check my math. THANKS.
Is this .08% Ivermectin or .8% ? The details of the product say .8% but I am making sure this isn't a typo.
This hasn't been asked in 6 months, maybe there is a fresh supply? What is the expiration date from those of you who received it since Nov/Dec 2014?
does it prevant fleas
Does this product have an expiration date? If yes, what is this date on your supply?
What is the actual concentration of ivermectin in this product?
Before I give this to my dog, does anyone know if this pesticide is GMO free?
Is this good for high pee-ers? If not, can you recommend another?
What is the size ocf this box?
big
Does anyone else find it interesting that we can't quite agree on size?
If the shield is inverted, will they nest together for travel? The box will not be used during travel.
What size liners should I buy?
what are the dimensions of this? I have a fat cat, Im looking for an extra large cat box. :)
Can anyone tell me the height at the door opening?
My cats, 2 year old and 3 months old(new member), the kitten ambush the older cat... this litter box will help if I put this one next to the other?
What are the dimensions?
Would the light fixture be ok without the "legs" and sitting on glass top? I need it low and should had glass top due to jumping fish.
About how long do the bulbs last before needing to be replaced?
with two bulb system, will it work with only one bulb in place?
Need new tote 4 my 16yr/8# maltese. Will she fit in this?? ALSO, is it flexable/not hard for daily use running errands, etc? Is zipper 'optional'?
What is the length of the shoulder strap. I need it to go over the opposite shoulder. 6"tall
I have a 16 yr/8# maltese who goes everywhere with me. Old tote bag is worn, need new one. Would she fit in this one?? AND is it nice &amp; soft, firm
Is this Dog Bag/Carrier Airline Approved????
is it airport approved?
Is this pet carrier leak proof?
i have a Shih Tzu currently around 10 lbs, may go up to 12-15 lbs. I was wondering if this will work? Also whether this is washable?
would a 15 lb dog fit in this bag and be comfortable?
Can this bag fit two little pomeranian puppies? One is 5.7 pound and the other is 3 pound?
Has anyone used this for a cat? I have an 11-12 lb Manx Cat (she is a little tall compared to most cats). Wondering how well she will fit?
Is it waterproof?
What is the loft measurement of this bed,, in other words, how thick is it and does it retain it's loft over time?
how high is bed from floor?
why are recent reviews for other products?
what is the diameter of one of these cans?
What are the magnesium and phosphorus levels of this food calculated by dry matter analysis (DMA)?
Could you please tell me the protein content of the food?
Do you have the Classic Pate flavors in 13 oz. can available for 'Subscribe and Save'?
why are recent reviews for other products?
what is the diameter of one of these cans?
What are the magnesium and phosphorus levels of this food calculated by dry matter analysis (DMA)?
Could you please tell me the protein content of the food?
Do you have the Classic Pate flavors in 13 oz. can available for 'Subscribe and Save'?
why are recent reviews for other products?
what is the diameter of one of these cans?
What are the magnesium and phosphorus levels of this food calculated by dry matter analysis (DMA)?
Could you please tell me the protein content of the food?
Do you have the Classic Pate flavors in 13 oz. can available for 'Subscribe and Save'?
why are recent reviews for other products?
what is the diameter of one of these cans?
What are the magnesium and phosphorus levels of this food calculated by dry matter analysis (DMA)?
Could you please tell me the protein content of the food?
Do you have the Classic Pate flavors in 13 oz. can available for 'Subscribe and Save'?
why are recent reviews for other products?
what is the diameter of one of these cans?
What are the magnesium and phosphorus levels of this food calculated by dry matter analysis (DMA)?
Could you please tell me the protein content of the food?
Do you have the Classic Pate flavors in 13 oz. can available for 'Subscribe and Save'?
Can you take the mat off when the cat's learned to avoid the couch, or do you need to keep the mat on forever?
Can this be used on the floor where an entry way is around 60 inches wide?
Can I use an adapter with the 12 X 60 Scat Mat? Does it have an on/off switch?
My dog jumps on the couch when I'm not home. Can I leave the scat mat on all day or does it turn off automatically after a certain amount of time?
The Scatmat sounds like it might work for our way-to-smart cat, but how do I keep her off the arms and back of the sofa?Can I use this on those areas?
I have to pay tax?
What is the model number and warranty for this mat?
My dog is only 4 pounds - full grown. Is that enough weight to set it off?
Are batteries included?
is this product made in the USA
where is this product made
Where are these treats made?
How did you get your cats to use this box, especially ones used to fine grain litters, like Swheat Scoop?
Is it OK to flush the pellets?
Is this box good for multi cat households?
In your experience, do you find that the pellets travel outside of the litterbox more, less, or about the same as traditional litter?
How does this do with the poop smell?
How high is the front entrance on this pan?
How wide is the pan? I have a cubby hole I think it might fit in well, but I can't find the dimensions on the Tidy Cats website.
I have 7 cats, is this product cost effective with so many cats?
Has anyone found an enclosure large enough for this box? Our dog likes snacking from the box....
Can you flush the pellets
What is the dimensions of the inside of the stand?
what are the dimensions of the aquarium stand?
How do you get inside the stand? To put your supplies in. Does it open in the center?
I understand that the back is open which would be great for access to my cannister filters but is there any shelfs, even one just under the opening
Does this stand have a weight limit?
Is this stand made in China?
Number of doors: How many does the product have?
Can I use this stand for 100gallon?
Is it open in the back? Is the inside two separate compartments or is it all one big space with two doors?
will this be fine for a standard 55 gallon thanks
will a Fluval fx6 fit in this unit? It looks like the doors might be too small
What is the height, width, and depth?
Does the back have a center support board like the front? Would like to reinforce with 2x4's and leave back accessible to move a sump in and out.
Before I order I really need to know the exact size of the unit width,height,depth, exact sixe of the top
What size sump can i get in the bottom of this unit?
Hi. What is the colour of the Aquarium Stand?
what are the measurements
What is the deadband on this thermostat? I need a tight tolerance of temperature range for my project.
is this a pulse Pulse Proportional Thermostat or just an on off thermostat.
I don't have a terrarium but I do have a rack system for fat tails and leopard geckos. Would you recommend this for heat tape?
i see in the desctiption i can get a 500w single input or 1000w tripple input. how can i select between the 2?
Are there any warranties included with this item? I bought two from you &amp; one doesn't work....
I have this hooked up to both a zoo med heat mat and one heat lamp but the heat mat is still not getting up to what I set it as (85) any idea why?
what is the length of the collar? looking for 12 '
what length is it?
min and max length?
can it be used with a gps for tracking
does this model have a automatic bark controller
What all does this come with?
Does this unit come with a holster for the transmitter?
Does this come with 6 collars?
medium is for how many pounds?
Are there measurements I'm missing or do we simply have to guess? 25 month old Shih Tzu is abut 8#s (parents, 9). Too big risks coat damage. Med?
what size do I need for a dog with a 20 inch chest girth?
Is this suitable to use in conjunction with a seat belt in a car for restraint? Thanks.
The air pump needs to be higher than the water level, what kind of suction cup or holder is optimal to use for this take? And hiding it at same time.
is the air pump immersiable in water
Can I add a heater to this tank?
Where can I get adapter or LED? Mine stopped working and without light this aquarium looks very bad. Any idea?
I bought this for my Grand daugher, as it was a get well gift. They set it up and it was fine, today they went to put the fish in &amp; there is a crack
does this come with a filter
I have 2 aquatic frogs and I'm wondering if this would be a good choice for them.
My lamp died from the moisture on this unit. Where can I purchase a replacement lamp that inserts into the hood of this aquarium?
What does the tank come with? Any cables? Instructions?
Are you able to turn the light off?
Does Tempo kill wasps/bees
What amount of insecticide does this package of concentrate make?
Is it safe for plant foliage?
will it kill wolf spiders?
Will this work on Box Elder bugs?
Does this product works in Bed Bugs?
can it get rid of carpet ants?
Will insects die if they walk on a sprayed area that dried?
Can this be used in my house? Or on the exterior of my house?
how much can I use outside
are the holes small enough to keep guppies frys from swimming out?
Are the V partitions removable? Looking for plain 'box' for tilapia fry- mother too big
Can this unit be attached or hung from the aquarium, i.e. suctions cups or something to hang it from?
Do this come with the airstone/air pump?
Could anyone please help me with the setup here? Just got it today and there is nowhere to put the suction cups, only indents where holes should be?
How do you feed the babies while they are in the tank???
does this work for clownfish fry?
What are the dimensions of this product?
what size should I get for a 90 gallon tank?
Does this pump just plug into a normal 110v household outlet?
How many volts does the 500 run on?
I have two 6-gallon tanks. Can I service both with a single pump?
Is the air pressure adjustable?
Does this item have a warranty? I bought it in March 2013 and it has now stopped working. Thank you.
What size tubing does this pump support?
What is the warranty?
LPM: whats the liters per min for this pump?
I have a 46 lbs lab. what size would you recommend?
Have a 60LB Doberman what size??
medium
I justt received a size small for My Toy Schnauzer. It seems really too snug. Should it be?
I have a 160 lb St Bernard, would the XL fit him? If not does anyone have any recommendations?
Sizing
The small says up to 14.9" whereas the medium says from 16.9" across the chest. My 3 year old Shih Tzu is 15.5" across the chest. What size?
I have a 94lb Lab. What size would fit her good?
We have a 15lb boston terrier with a broad chest. I am worried the medium will be too small. Do you think a large will be ok?
How thick is the collar, exactly? I ask because I use "rivet" dog tags and I can't put it on if the collar is too thick.
I have 2 small dogs. They have 15'' necks. They are long-hair &amp; their collars always mat their fur. Will these collars mat fur? Which size to get?
What size should I get for my english bulldog! he weights around 65-70 pounds?
I have a lab/border collie mix puppy, is there a good chance that this collar will fit her once full grown?
is the collar adjustable?
I am getting a ten week old lab. Will this collar fit or is it too big?
I have a slider name tag for a 1 inch wide collar. Is there a way to slide it onto this collar?
what size would be good for a 1 year old siberian husky?
Is the ring solid or is it split and welded?
Are the colors accurate? The "Red" looks more like a plum or a burgandy. Can someone who ordered Red compare it to the picture?
How thick is the collar, exactly? I ask because I use "rivet" dog tags and I can't put it on if the collar is too thick.
I have 2 small dogs. They have 15'' necks. They are long-hair &amp; their collars always mat their fur. Will these collars mat fur? Which size to get?
What size should I get for my english bulldog! he weights around 65-70 pounds?
I have a lab/border collie mix puppy, is there a good chance that this collar will fit her once full grown?
is the collar adjustable?
I am getting a ten week old lab. Will this collar fit or is it too big?
I have a slider name tag for a 1 inch wide collar. Is there a way to slide it onto this collar?
what size would be good for a 1 year old siberian husky?
Is the ring solid or is it split and welded?
Are the colors accurate? The "Red" looks more like a plum or a burgandy. Can someone who ordered Red compare it to the picture?
How thick is the collar, exactly? I ask because I use "rivet" dog tags and I can't put it on if the collar is too thick.
I have 2 small dogs. They have 15'' necks. They are long-hair &amp; their collars always mat their fur. Will these collars mat fur? Which size to get?
What size should I get for my english bulldog! he weights around 65-70 pounds?
I have a lab/border collie mix puppy, is there a good chance that this collar will fit her once full grown?
is the collar adjustable?
I am getting a ten week old lab. Will this collar fit or is it too big?
I have a slider name tag for a 1 inch wide collar. Is there a way to slide it onto this collar?
what size would be good for a 1 year old siberian husky?
Is the ring solid or is it split and welded?
Are the colors accurate? The "Red" looks more like a plum or a burgandy. Can someone who ordered Red compare it to the picture?
How thick is the collar, exactly? I ask because I use "rivet" dog tags and I can't put it on if the collar is too thick.
I have 2 small dogs. They have 15'' necks. They are long-hair &amp; their collars always mat their fur. Will these collars mat fur? Which size to get?
What size should I get for my english bulldog! he weights around 65-70 pounds?
I have a lab/border collie mix puppy, is there a good chance that this collar will fit her once full grown?
is the collar adjustable?
I am getting a ten week old lab. Will this collar fit or is it too big?
I have a slider name tag for a 1 inch wide collar. Is there a way to slide it onto this collar?
what size would be good for a 1 year old siberian husky?
Is the ring solid or is it split and welded?
Are the colors accurate? The "Red" looks more like a plum or a burgandy. Can someone who ordered Red compare it to the picture?
How does this compare to Rug Doctor's Urine Eliminator? I used the Rug Doctor product and I thought it worked REALLY well (or compared to other products I had used), although it got up probably about 80% of old urine stains and I used that product 2...
What about urine that's in the carpet pad? If you drench the carpet &amp; pad, will the smell go away? Do I just let it air dry?
Is it okay to use on leather?
What's the difference between Fizzion and soda/seltzer water? Doesn't this just make carbonated water, like Sodastreams?
Is this a carbon dioxide based cleaner?
How thick is the collar, exactly? I ask because I use "rivet" dog tags and I can't put it on if the collar is too thick.
I have 2 small dogs. They have 15'' necks. They are long-hair &amp; their collars always mat their fur. Will these collars mat fur? Which size to get?
What size should I get for my english bulldog! he weights around 65-70 pounds?
I have a lab/border collie mix puppy, is there a good chance that this collar will fit her once full grown?
is the collar adjustable?
I am getting a ten week old lab. Will this collar fit or is it too big?
I have a slider name tag for a 1 inch wide collar. Is there a way to slide it onto this collar?
what size would be good for a 1 year old siberian husky?
Is the ring solid or is it split and welded?
Are the colors accurate? The "Red" looks more like a plum or a burgandy. Can someone who ordered Red compare it to the picture?
How thick is the collar, exactly? I ask because I use "rivet" dog tags and I can't put it on if the collar is too thick.
I have 2 small dogs. They have 15'' necks. They are long-hair &amp; their collars always mat their fur. Will these collars mat fur? Which size to get?
What size should I get for my english bulldog! he weights around 65-70 pounds?
I have a lab/border collie mix puppy, is there a good chance that this collar will fit her once full grown?
is the collar adjustable?
I am getting a ten week old lab. Will this collar fit or is it too big?
I have a slider name tag for a 1 inch wide collar. Is there a way to slide it onto this collar?
what size would be good for a 1 year old siberian husky?
Is the ring solid or is it split and welded?
Are the colors accurate? The "Red" looks more like a plum or a burgandy. Can someone who ordered Red compare it to the picture?
How thick is the collar, exactly? I ask because I use "rivet" dog tags and I can't put it on if the collar is too thick.
I have 2 small dogs. They have 15'' necks. They are long-hair &amp; their collars always mat their fur. Will these collars mat fur? Which size to get?
What size should I get for my english bulldog! he weights around 65-70 pounds?
I have a lab/border collie mix puppy, is there a good chance that this collar will fit her once full grown?
is the collar adjustable?
I am getting a ten week old lab. Will this collar fit or is it too big?
I have a slider name tag for a 1 inch wide collar. Is there a way to slide it onto this collar?
what size would be good for a 1 year old siberian husky?
Is the ring solid or is it split and welded?
Are the colors accurate? The "Red" looks more like a plum or a burgandy. Can someone who ordered Red compare it to the picture?
How thick is the collar, exactly? I ask because I use "rivet" dog tags and I can't put it on if the collar is too thick.
I have 2 small dogs. They have 15'' necks. They are long-hair &amp; their collars always mat their fur. Will these collars mat fur? Which size to get?
What size should I get for my english bulldog! he weights around 65-70 pounds?
I have a lab/border collie mix puppy, is there a good chance that this collar will fit her once full grown?
is the collar adjustable?
I am getting a ten week old lab. Will this collar fit or is it too big?
I have a slider name tag for a 1 inch wide collar. Is there a way to slide it onto this collar?
what size would be good for a 1 year old siberian husky?
Is the ring solid or is it split and welded?
Are the colors accurate? The "Red" looks more like a plum or a burgandy. Can someone who ordered Red compare it to the picture?
How thick is the collar, exactly? I ask because I use "rivet" dog tags and I can't put it on if the collar is too thick.
I have 2 small dogs. They have 15'' necks. They are long-hair &amp; their collars always mat their fur. Will these collars mat fur? Which size to get?
What size should I get for my english bulldog! he weights around 65-70 pounds?
I have a lab/border collie mix puppy, is there a good chance that this collar will fit her once full grown?
is the collar adjustable?
I am getting a ten week old lab. Will this collar fit or is it too big?
I have a slider name tag for a 1 inch wide collar. Is there a way to slide it onto this collar?
what size would be good for a 1 year old siberian husky?
Is the ring solid or is it split and welded?
Are the colors accurate? The "Red" looks more like a plum or a burgandy. Can someone who ordered Red compare it to the picture?
How thick is the collar, exactly? I ask because I use "rivet" dog tags and I can't put it on if the collar is too thick.
I have 2 small dogs. They have 15'' necks. They are long-hair &amp; their collars always mat their fur. Will these collars mat fur? Which size to get?
What size should I get for my english bulldog! he weights around 65-70 pounds?
I have a lab/border collie mix puppy, is there a good chance that this collar will fit her once full grown?
is the collar adjustable?
I am getting a ten week old lab. Will this collar fit or is it too big?
I have a slider name tag for a 1 inch wide collar. Is there a way to slide it onto this collar?
what size would be good for a 1 year old siberian husky?
Is the ring solid or is it split and welded?
Are the colors accurate? The "Red" looks more like a plum or a burgandy. Can someone who ordered Red compare it to the picture?
How thick is the collar, exactly? I ask because I use "rivet" dog tags and I can't put it on if the collar is too thick.
I have 2 small dogs. They have 15'' necks. They are long-hair &amp; their collars always mat their fur. Will these collars mat fur? Which size to get?
What size should I get for my english bulldog! he weights around 65-70 pounds?
I have a lab/border collie mix puppy, is there a good chance that this collar will fit her once full grown?
is the collar adjustable?
I am getting a ten week old lab. Will this collar fit or is it too big?
I have a slider name tag for a 1 inch wide collar. Is there a way to slide it onto this collar?
what size would be good for a 1 year old siberian husky?
Is the ring solid or is it split and welded?
Are the colors accurate? The "Red" looks more like a plum or a burgandy. Can someone who ordered Red compare it to the picture?
How thick is the collar, exactly? I ask because I use "rivet" dog tags and I can't put it on if the collar is too thick.
I have 2 small dogs. They have 15'' necks. They are long-hair &amp; their collars always mat their fur. Will these collars mat fur? Which size to get?
What size should I get for my english bulldog! he weights around 65-70 pounds?
I have a lab/border collie mix puppy, is there a good chance that this collar will fit her once full grown?
is the collar adjustable?
I am getting a ten week old lab. Will this collar fit or is it too big?
I have a slider name tag for a 1 inch wide collar. Is there a way to slide it onto this collar?
what size would be good for a 1 year old siberian husky?
Is the ring solid or is it split and welded?
Are the colors accurate? The "Red" looks more like a plum or a burgandy. Can someone who ordered Red compare it to the picture?
How thick is the collar, exactly? I ask because I use "rivet" dog tags and I can't put it on if the collar is too thick.
I have 2 small dogs. They have 15'' necks. They are long-hair &amp; their collars always mat their fur. Will these collars mat fur? Which size to get?
What size should I get for my english bulldog! he weights around 65-70 pounds?
I have a lab/border collie mix puppy, is there a good chance that this collar will fit her once full grown?
is the collar adjustable?
I am getting a ten week old lab. Will this collar fit or is it too big?
I have a slider name tag for a 1 inch wide collar. Is there a way to slide it onto this collar?
what size would be good for a 1 year old siberian husky?
Is the ring solid or is it split and welded?
Are the colors accurate? The "Red" looks more like a plum or a burgandy. Can someone who ordered Red compare it to the picture?
How thick is the collar, exactly? I ask because I use "rivet" dog tags and I can't put it on if the collar is too thick.
I have 2 small dogs. They have 15'' necks. They are long-hair &amp; their collars always mat their fur. Will these collars mat fur? Which size to get?
What size should I get for my english bulldog! he weights around 65-70 pounds?
I have a lab/border collie mix puppy, is there a good chance that this collar will fit her once full grown?
is the collar adjustable?
I am getting a ten week old lab. Will this collar fit or is it too big?
I have a slider name tag for a 1 inch wide collar. Is there a way to slide it onto this collar?
what size would be good for a 1 year old siberian husky?
Is the ring solid or is it split and welded?
Are the colors accurate? The "Red" looks more like a plum or a burgandy. Can someone who ordered Red compare it to the picture?
How thick is the collar, exactly? I ask because I use "rivet" dog tags and I can't put it on if the collar is too thick.
I have 2 small dogs. They have 15'' necks. They are long-hair &amp; their collars always mat their fur. Will these collars mat fur? Which size to get?
What size should I get for my english bulldog! he weights around 65-70 pounds?
I have a lab/border collie mix puppy, is there a good chance that this collar will fit her once full grown?
is the collar adjustable?
I am getting a ten week old lab. Will this collar fit or is it too big?
I have a slider name tag for a 1 inch wide collar. Is there a way to slide it onto this collar?
what size would be good for a 1 year old siberian husky?
Is the ring solid or is it split and welded?
Are the colors accurate? The "Red" looks more like a plum or a burgandy. Can someone who ordered Red compare it to the picture?
How thick is the collar, exactly? I ask because I use "rivet" dog tags and I can't put it on if the collar is too thick.
I have 2 small dogs. They have 15'' necks. They are long-hair &amp; their collars always mat their fur. Will these collars mat fur? Which size to get?
What size should I get for my english bulldog! he weights around 65-70 pounds?
I have a lab/border collie mix puppy, is there a good chance that this collar will fit her once full grown?
is the collar adjustable?
I am getting a ten week old lab. Will this collar fit or is it too big?
I have a slider name tag for a 1 inch wide collar. Is there a way to slide it onto this collar?
what size would be good for a 1 year old siberian husky?
Is the ring solid or is it split and welded?
Are the colors accurate? The "Red" looks more like a plum or a burgandy. Can someone who ordered Red compare it to the picture?
How thick is the collar, exactly? I ask because I use "rivet" dog tags and I can't put it on if the collar is too thick.
I have 2 small dogs. They have 15'' necks. They are long-hair &amp; their collars always mat their fur. Will these collars mat fur? Which size to get?
What size should I get for my english bulldog! he weights around 65-70 pounds?
I have a lab/border collie mix puppy, is there a good chance that this collar will fit her once full grown?
is the collar adjustable?
I am getting a ten week old lab. Will this collar fit or is it too big?
I have a slider name tag for a 1 inch wide collar. Is there a way to slide it onto this collar?
what size would be good for a 1 year old siberian husky?
Is the ring solid or is it split and welded?
Are the colors accurate? The "Red" looks more like a plum or a burgandy. Can someone who ordered Red compare it to the picture?
Can you use just a little bit at a time with water changes or filter changes, then store the rest for later or does it expire?
Can you use this to cycle a tank? Or do you just add your fish at the same time as the TSS?
It says to wait 24 hours after using a water conditioner to use TSS. I'm going out and wanted to add it sooner, 20 hours. Is that OK?
can I put it in the fridge to store the unused portion?
I am setting up a new 10 gallon tank for my betta fish. When I add the new water (conditioned of course) should I add TSS right away or wait?
Is this SafeStart or SafeStart+? Description says "SafeStart", but pictures of 100ml &amp; 250ml are "SafeStart+" bottles. SafeStart dose is 50ml/15g, SafeStart+ is 5ml/10g; that is 30g vs 200g for 100ml bottle
Im surprised my bottle isnt sealed and had no smell whatsoever!! Was the bottle you purchased sealed? Shouldn't a bacteria-filled liquid have a distinctive smell?
Do you add this with water changes or only at the set-up stage? Do you still use water conditioner? (new 5.5gallon tank eventually for a betta)
The 8.45 oz.bottle pictured states it treats up to 500 gallons but you state it only treats 70 gallons. Which is correct?
Can I use this to "speed up" the fishless cycle tank?
Is SafeStart suitable for saltwater tanks also ?
How long do you think my 55 gallon tank will take to cycle? I set it up Tuesday afternoon 3/24. I added two bottles of Tetra SafeStart.
Does one need to add Safe Start when changing the filter pad? I am new to this product and am starting a larger tank for my Betta. Live plants okay?
How much oz for a 20 gallon tank?
Does this expire and does it require any special storage parameters (ex. between certain temperatures)?
How long should you wait after putting this in a 100gal tank?
Do you ship to Mexico? Or do you offer any other kind of shipping method?
Where is this item being shipped from ? From a amazon warehouse or directly from the manufacturer?
I have a 4 pound Yorkie and wanted to know if it too big for her?
Does the citronella get their fur all wet or oily?
will this product fit my chocolate lab?
Does the collar go off and spray if the dog whines/cries or only when barking?
Does this have scent only? Not anything else?
what size dog is this for?
How does it work on long haired dogs?
How is the collar refilled? Does it have it's own smaller, cannister of citronella that must be refilled?
our 12lb. dog gets very quiet and listless after her collar goes off is it too much for her or what
Does this work on a Small Maltese (4 pounds) Would it fit a really tiny dog as well?
The Dimensions say 15" Heigh but, it fits an Amazon and a African Gray? Has anyone put an Eclectus in it?
Can you put water and food in the cage? Are there slots for that?
I am traveling with my bird (green check conure) in the cabin of an airplane across the country. Would this be a good carrier for air travel?
Will it fit a Sun Conure comfortably?
Is there a tray to go with it at the bottom? Mine came w/o a tray and it allows food pellets, finger trap debris, etc. to slide out.
I was one of the people that struggled to get this together...Every thing but the top piece snapped into place. I feel like crying
How do you take this apart?!?!
we have two parakeets and might take them on a two week road trip with their big cage in the fifth wheel for nights. think this cage should be ok?
Does this cage come with a perch inside?
how do you hook up carrier to seat belt?
Would this be too big/tall for cats?
is it plastic?
Does this work for flat faced dogs (e.g. French Bulldog)? I have always assumed it wouldn't, but haven't found another good option.
Where is this made?
can little door pet goes thru lock when you don't want dog going out?
I choose to use this only during the day so my pets can go in and out to the porch. Is this panel easy to take out overnight or when going away?
my door space is 78 inches ....reading the reviews it seems this 80 inch is adjustable...will it adjust that much?
I'm looking for a glass panel that has a flap that locks for either entry or exit. The inside cat doors are made this way.
Do two panels come with this door? Can it essentially replace the glass sliding door with the option to only use one panel or is it "extra panel sold seperately?"
would this work with a sliding screen door ?
Does this Ideal Pet Product glass panel 80" modular for sliding glass door have an in and out locking system on the flap?
can you still open the sliding glass door when the the dog door is installed ?
Will this work with a 5 ft patio door?
would the door you are selling will work for my house door that majores 88 ?
How many bones do you get?
Is this just one bone for $8+ ? I can get them at the grocery store for between $3.50 and $6 each. Thx.
Do these bones need to be refrigerated?
how many come if i order 1?
Need pack for a 4 year old lab, very active, would this work or what can you recommend?
Does a 16 oz. water bottle fit (like from super markets) in the pouches?
Is this a harness style with attachable saddle bags? We already have a saddlebag style that seems to be wearing out so wanted to go harness style..
will this fit for a 20 pounds dog?
Would you recommend this for a 30-lb. Australian Cattle Dog mix? She has about a 24" girth.
where's the version for smaller dogs?
I have a 9 months old German Shepherd puppy and it's already close to 90 Lbs. He is expected to be around 110/120 lbs. Will the Large fit him?
I already have the Kurgo car harness. Are the packs removable on this item? I want to add to that harness, not replace it altogether.
I have a 60lb husky. Does this sit mid-back or higher?
How does this pack hold up while running? Me and my dog like to go out for runs.
what is the weight limit on the largest size? / maf
Is it too big for my Neanderthal dwarf bunny?
my dwarf bunny is about 8 months old will this fit him?
Does this come in bigger sizes?
Does this hurt the bunny?
will this work for my guinea pig he's really big
will this fit my dwarf rabbit?
How can we know what color we are getting?
are the bunnyes able to git out
Is it adjustable? I don't understand how it fits a 3 lb rabbit and a 9 lb rabbit.
Could you give me the dimensions of the carrier part? Also, did the packaging say there's a weight limit? I am wondering how many of my cats fit.
Could you tell me the suggested weight limit on this pet stroller?
Where are the flashing lights located and how do you turn them on?
Are the wheels rubber or plastic?
Is it possible for the dog to jump in? Or would I have to pick him up and place him inside? (He HATES being picked up)
Would a 35 lb English cocker spaniel fit in it?
What is the quality of the zippers? Seems like that is the most prevalent complaint. The zippers are really important to me.
Does the carrier seperate from the stroller?
Hi what are the measurements of the carrier? it's not stated here, makes it difficult for pet owners to estimate. My dog's is est 26 lbs. thanks.
Is this item vegan?
Does this product help with doggie bad breath at all?
How is this probiotic different/similar to Aceytalator?
Does the bottle that you bought have an expiry date? The one I bought doesn't and this is a serious concern. Thanks
Why does this look like an older label version of the probiotic?
My cat has a food intolerance - seafood. Are any of the ingredients derived from seafood?
and if I will give it WiTH FOOd, will it be OK?
I want to know is it chewable tablets, and tasty? or they are like not tasty simple tablets?
Requires cool, dry storage below 70 degrees F. How can Amazon assure this temperature is not exceeded, either in storage or in shipment?
Why don't these animal probiotics have to be refrigerated like humans? I was wondering why the animal probiotics don't seem to need to be refrigerated???
What is the purpose of all the many zippers? The bag has 2 zippers on one end..........
plane standards for size are 8.5H 18.5L 13.5W. How does this product meet airline standards?
Many carriers have a leash inside to safely unzip them to feed the animal, without risk of it running away. Does this one feature such leash?
what is the animal weight limitation?
What are the size of the combs?
Hello. Which is the BEST trimmer that I can use for PERSIAN CATS? Can't seem to find something suitable at Amazon.com. Thank you!
does anyone know what is the weight of the clippers the one that has the cord..its too heavy for me to hold as i have small hands?
I noticed the other wahl had three different blade sizes that you could adjust with the handle on the side of the clipper.....Does this one??
wILL THE CLIPPERS CUT THROUGH MATTED FUR?
Does the machine is noisy?
Will the small battery operated clipper cut the paw fur on a golden retriever and lab?
Hi, does it have a wide range input?
have a shiz zhu need to cut face are they quiet r hard to use in face area
will this product work in Australia 240 watt
Can we connect two transmitters?
does the wire need to reconnect with the same transmitter, like making a square? We want to make an L shape to barrier the road and a set of trees.
You don't have to bury the boundary wire, do you? Does the rock have a place to connect the wire?
I have the petsafe wireless fence collars. will this interfere with that? it says wireless up to 16 ft. is the diameter adjustable?
How heavy is the rock?Want to get the indoor version of this product but might need this one instead,I have a pig-will break it.Needs to be durable.
When using wired method, how close can the wires be to each other witin the loop?
i just need my small dog to stay out of my small garden so what seting do i need ?
Will this work as a fence. Keeping dogs out of the circle instead of in?
I know this doesnt come with boundary wire, but if i were to purchase boundary wire would it be "compatible" with the collar? would it work?
I bought this a while ago and it shipped to New Zealand fine.. now I desperately need a new collar and I see it doesn't ship here!!! Why???
Can this work on a cat? I have a doggie door for my dog but I don't want my cat to go out, would this work? Is the collar size appropriate for a cat?
Can you adjust the shock level for smaller pet?
My garden is only 5' deep 40'long w/fence at the back side. Since the minimum shock radius from the wire is 3' how do I run a continuous wire?
Is this an Outdoor shields product and should it work with invisible fence brand collar?
We currently have a wired pet safe fence around our yard. We are looking for something to put in the bushes to keep the dogs out. Will this rock work
Does the one collar work with both the indoor and outdoor barriers?
Will this transmitter work with stubborn dog collar?
We have the RF-1010. Will it work with the Rock? If not, does the dog have to wear 2 collars?
Does this have a transformer that plug into itself and a wall plug?
Will this PetSafe wireless rock work with another PetSafe rock barrier?
How long should the batteries in the transmitters work? I've had since April 1, 2014 and it no longer seems to be working.
An invisible fence is not practical for us. COuld I use a few of these at intervals to keep him out of the neighbor's yard?
My dogs wear the Petsafe "Stubborn Dog" collar with that in-ground fence unit. Is it compatible with this Petsafe product?
Does it comes in a box? what are the dimensions? I need to know to calculate the shipping cost.
will the hold a 165 newfoundland male adult dog comfortably so he can turn around and move?
What is the size of the crate fully assembled?
What is the size of the crate fully assembled?
hello does it come with the pan?
Does the crate come with a divider?
Does it come with the clack bottom piece?
what is full crate dimensions assembled? Guage of wire?
What is the pan made of?
How soon after payment is the product shipped...and from where?
How do you calculate size for a miniature horse?
Does this blanket have fill? If so, how many grams? Thanks!
how to take the measurement?
How long is the blanket drop from the center of the back to the bottom of the side?
is it breathable and what is the temp. range for this blanket?
How quickly can you ship? I have just rescued a mini in bad shape and need the blanket ASAP - zip code is 27295 Thanks
How do you measure a donkey for a turnout blanket?
Thnksthis pen have a top on it. I want to put it on the deck for my cat, and I want to makr sure she can't get out
Can this pen be configured into a rectangle rather than an octogaon?
Is the floor permanently attached?
How do you calculate size for a miniature horse?
Does this blanket have fill? If so, how many grams? Thanks!
how to take the measurement?
How long is the blanket drop from the center of the back to the bottom of the side?
is it breathable and what is the temp. range for this blanket?
How quickly can you ship? I have just rescued a mini in bad shape and need the blanket ASAP - zip code is 27295 Thanks
How do you measure a donkey for a turnout blanket?
How do you calculate size for a miniature horse?
Does this blanket have fill? If so, how many grams? Thanks!
how to take the measurement?
How long is the blanket drop from the center of the back to the bottom of the side?
is it breathable and what is the temp. range for this blanket?
How quickly can you ship? I have just rescued a mini in bad shape and need the blanket ASAP - zip code is 27295 Thanks
How do you measure a donkey for a turnout blanket?
How do you calculate size for a miniature horse?
Does this blanket have fill? If so, how many grams? Thanks!
how to take the measurement?
How long is the blanket drop from the center of the back to the bottom of the side?
is it breathable and what is the temp. range for this blanket?
How quickly can you ship? I have just rescued a mini in bad shape and need the blanket ASAP - zip code is 27295 Thanks
How do you measure a donkey for a turnout blanket?
31" x 25" must be for medium dog, what are large dimensions?
How durable is the fabric? One of my labs likes to scratch at his bed plus their normal wear &amp; tear the 2 go through a Coolaroo cover in about a month
what are the legs made of in case I want to modify it to be shorter for the elderly Basset Hound? Chances are he will reject anything this "tall"
Is the fabric attached by Velcro or does the frame slide through pockets?
Can I buy replacement covers for these?
Is there a weight limit?
Where can I get a replacemant mat?
What color is this bed?
what are the measurements
How high is it off the floor/ground? 5" or less?
I have a 45 lb. dog. What are the weight limits and sizes available? What are the dimensions?
Which color will I receive?
what color will I receive? I see a brown in one picture and a pink one in the other pictures? No choices of color when ordering.
how much weight can it support
are u selling the mesh only? I bought two, one large and one medium and my dog chew the mesh, so i need to replace them.
It does not say it comes with a divider and DVD here on Amazon. How do I know if that is standard or not?
How much does it weigh?
Where is it made? China? USA?
Is the 31 inch crate conosidered medium sized? I have a cockapoo in a 24 inch crate and itseems too small now.
How large is the opening on the front door, and side door?
Is there anything that keeps that door from popping off? From the picture inset it looks like it is too easily removed.
How much does it weigh?
is the 3rd door opposite the front door(wider side) or opposite the end door(narrower side)?
from what gauge wire is the smallest and second smallest kennels made?
how do you unhook the lock latches?
IS this only one side, so if you want to guard the entire cage you need 4?
what is the size?
Where does urine go
I am repurposing a large dog kennel for my rabbit. How many of these do I need? Would it work to use them to keep hay and everything in the kennel?
What is it made of? Is it plastic or metal?
How big is it? Like with and length? And is this enough for a kinda fat rabbit?
Will this work in a dog cage that I purchased for my rabbit? The cage is 42" long.
Is the product a cage as well or just two pieces?
Does it come with a cage like in the picture or is it just two pieces
How big is the cage?
there is 7 tabs large dog.. what does 2 count mean,, for 2 dogs?
How many pounds would large be considered? My pup is around 40 lbs. right now
Other dewormer products require a three day treatment of dewormer medicine; is this the same? or is it one pill and done?
How long does it take to work? I have a 4 month old puppy that I JUST got on Monday. Saw worms in poop. Need to know how long it takes to be worm F
Does this treat for heart worms?
how about killing ticks mosquitos biting flies lice etc thank you
i also have 2 small poms do they make this for the small dogs also?
What is the size of the hose fitting, and to what depth is there usable air flow? Can it pressure a stone at 4 feet?
Is this pump repairable? Where can parts be purchased?
Would this pump be appropriate for a single 5-gallon DWC tub? I really want to upgrade from my 4 watt wally world model!
I am looking for an air pump suitable to brew compost tea in standard 55 gallon drums. Will this product be suitable for this purpose??
what is the air volume on this pump
Does it provide enough static pressure (4.32 psi) to operate down to 10 Feet?
Will standard 3/16" inside diameter airline tubing fit on this pump?
Does this come with a hose that fits the outlet and a manifold that fits the hose?
how do you guys close the unused air outlets?
how many of these pumps would i need for 9 40 gallon containers
I just bought a 4 foot unit and it won't stay lit. After a couple of hours it turns off and wont turn back on. The outlet is working fine. Broken??
dimensions: 23-1/4 in. X 6-1/4 in. X 2-1/2 in. Which is the fixtures width, 6-1/4 in? Is this the 2 bulb fixture? The product description says 4 lamp
Can this unity be used with the Hydrofarm JSV2 2-Foot Jump Start T5 Grow Light System? Are the 2' extenders needed? '
we have an 8lb.dog. Does this work on small dogs?
Can this be used on human toe nails?
Does anyone know if Pedi Paws replacement heads will fit Oster Gentle Paws? I purchased Pedi Paws replacements heads in error for Gentle Paws trimmer
Does this work well on larger dogs?
Is the shaft on the grinding stone attachment the same size as Dremel grinding stones?
WHAT SIZE BATTERIES ARE REQUIRED?
Is this heavy duty enough for great dane nails?
What kind of batteries?
Unless I missed the info in the description . . . what size/quantity batteries does this unit use?
Would this work for a pitbull?
Could this pump be considered as a quiet one? My old pumps sound like drilling machines, so I need one on a quieter side. Thank you for any help.
can this be run by a photovoltaic photvoltaic system
Can this pump be used outside without a covering?
So this will be suitable for a 60 gallon tank?
can this adaquetly power/generation good bubbling on a 5gal, for brewing garden tea?
Does thi pump nd to be submerged? I'm looking for and air pump for my 55 gal aquarium. Currently using a pump with 4 outlets and needing to replace.
What size tubing will this pump fit? What is the OD of the fittings?
does this pump come with check valves
Just beginning. Can a couple of the "air out" connectors be blocked until I am ready to expand to more air stones ? thx !
Is this too much power to be shared between three 3-gallon aquariums?
How many sponge filters in 10 gallons aquariums can one run with this pump?
its a very good pump... but the noise factor (wow) way to noisy...can any one tell me how to cool down the noise? please help!!!!!
Where is the air intake? Does the air intake have a barbed connector?
What is the size of the barbed tube outlet? what`s the ID of tubing can fit the barbed tube?
Is there any way to know, or monitor, what psi this pump produces?
i have a 72 gallon tank will this be a good pump
I am considering this pump but everyone says its loud. Just exactly how loud is this pump??? Can I put it in the same room I sleep in??
Will this pump be ok with freezing temps as an overwinter pump?- as long as its kept dry.
I bought this pump along with the frequently purchased accessories. Seems a bit of a tight fit to connect, am I doing something wrong?
What voltage is this pump?
I see quite a few reviews saying the bottles leak or have faulty pumps. Have these problems been resolved? Or is that why they are on sale?
Is this product the same as the eicosaderm omega 3 liquid which lists 2000 mg of fish oil in each 2 ml pump along with the EPA/DHA/vitE?
Do you need a prescription to order?
How long will the 32 oz bottle last for an 85 lb dog?
What comes with the Cat-Genie 120 bought from this site? Please tell me what is included with this Cat-Genie?
Clean the walls inside the CatGenie dome? So does this clean the sides of the dome?
Drying Cycle Smells? I'm considering buying the catgenie, but many of the poor reviews tell of horrible horrible smell during the drying cycle, is this true for everyone?
I have 5 cats. How many units should I consider to cover the "family" effectively?
Anyone out there who has had their Cat Genie more than 2 years and is still recommending it?
Cycles? How long does a cleaning cycle take and what happens if the cat has to use the box and it's in a cleaning cycle?
Do frequent power outages affect the CatGenie unit? Will I have to reset a bunch of settings on the unit every time the power goes out?
Laundry Room Hook-Up: Has anyone else used the laundry drain hook-up?
Cat Genie - Question About the Waste: Is the toilet nasty looking before someone flushes it?
Is it difficult to get cats to switch over from clumping clay litter to this system? My cats are very fussy.
is the mesh small enough to keep fleas and ticks out? doubtful but thought i'd ask
what size is this
does this have a floor in it, I need this to put one of my indoor kitties in so he does not get out while I have some work done for a couple of days
I could definitely use this for a child, right?
is this sugar glider safe?
Can the fun run be attached to a (Pet Safe) cat screen door on one end while the other end is attached to the tent?
is it fully enclosed, as in, does it have a build in floor?
Is this sturdy enough to protect a cat inside from getting attacked by another cat on the outside of it?
Can this be secured to a wooden deck and would it be secure enough to safely keep a mother and three kittens f
If my cat tries to claw at this tent, how easily will it rip?
How do you use these to train a puppy?
Is it just me or did anyone else NOT receive the wrist straps? The picture shows them...
does the 30 pack come with a logo printed on the back side?
Does this come with any instructions for training with the clickers?
Is this battery-operated? How long does each one last?
Are all pack options legit Karen Pryor i-click clickers? The 3 pack image doesn't have the name/logo on it, only the 5 pack one does.
how many time they take to be delivered??
How loud is the noise? I'm looking for a clicker for mice
Is there a way to order all black clickers from your 30 pack?
I ordered the five pack and got no wrist straps. It shows straps in the picture. Did anyone get them?
How do you use these to train a puppy?
Is it just me or did anyone else NOT receive the wrist straps? The picture shows them...
does the 30 pack come with a logo printed on the back side?
Does this come with any instructions for training with the clickers?
Is this battery-operated? How long does each one last?
Are all pack options legit Karen Pryor i-click clickers? The 3 pack image doesn't have the name/logo on it, only the 5 pack one does.
how many time they take to be delivered??
How loud is the noise? I'm looking for a clicker for mice
Is there a way to order all black clickers from your 30 pack?
I ordered the five pack and got no wrist straps. It shows straps in the picture. Did anyone get them?
How do you use these to train a puppy?
Is it just me or did anyone else NOT receive the wrist straps? The picture shows them...
does the 30 pack come with a logo printed on the back side?
Does this come with any instructions for training with the clickers?
Is this battery-operated? How long does each one last?
Are all pack options legit Karen Pryor i-click clickers? The 3 pack image doesn't have the name/logo on it, only the 5 pack one does.
how many time they take to be delivered??
How loud is the noise? I'm looking for a clicker for mice
Is there a way to order all black clickers from your 30 pack?
I ordered the five pack and got no wrist straps. It shows straps in the picture. Did anyone get them?
I have a english springer spaniel who is not happy about grooming. I need a product that settles her wispy tangle prone coat
I thought that this conditioner was white. I got this before and got this same brown one used it . But I waited to see if I could get the white one. I thought I ordered a white conditioner. Does Isle of Dogs make a white conditioner?
What is the ingredients list for this product?
Where is this product made? Thanks.
Can I spray this on my dog instead of on the brush?
How navy inches us this sponge?
Any suggestions on how to prevent the filter getting squeezed around the intake and cutting off flow?
Can someone recommend a sponge to place on marineland canister filter 250. This sponge us used so small debris dies not go inside the filter, thank
Will this fit on a Fluval C2? Thanks!
What is the inner and outer diameter measurement? Will this fit on the Aqueon 55/75?
I'd be using this on an AquaClear 20 filter, and I want to know if the bottom of this pre-filter sponge has a hole like the top?
What is the diameter of the tube? From the picture it looks small, maybe 1" or 1.25"
Do I need anything else to use this properly, such as a pump? Or does it have everything it needs to supply the suction?
Will this work for the 12 gallon edge tank?
could I attach the python squeeze siphon starter to this?
Can this also be used to remove water during cleanings?
Does it have like a pump or something for the suction function? Because I went to Petsmart and I didn't see any sort of pump inside.
Would this work well for a 55 galloon tank? How long is the "cord".
Hi! I have sand in my tank...would this tool suck up the sand do you think?
dimensions?
Does this carrier have a "D" ring INSIDE to clip my pet to from her harness?
What are the dimensions?
shoulder strap: Can anyone tell me is this carrier has a shoulder strap?
I want glass not plastic treat jars but these do not say what they are made of. Can anyone tell me if they are glass? Thanks.
are they glass or plastic?
Is it glass or plastic?
What size tank does this filter accommodate?
what are the dimensions of the filter?
it comes with all parts and media included?
If the power goes out, will the filter restart by itself when the power comes back on? I'm concerned about vacation time&hellip; Thanks!
How do you know that you have a newer model that will not leak?
Would this be overkill for a 29 gallon freshwater tank? If so, is there another model by Eheim I should look at getting?
It works with 127V on 60hz or 50hz?
power is 220Volt and 60hz, it will work?
What is the voltage? Will it work with 240v input (singapore). Thanks
Can I ask what is the filter media that comes with this filter? Thank you.
what are the ingredientes in glyco- flex iii stage iii
Is this a new label? Its totally different from the one I am used to.
Do these contain any grain?
Glyco-flex III chewables: Is there any difference in the dosage from the 90 count to the 120 count, different labels but comes up as same price?
the 120 count label is different than previous - same formula?
How many mg. in each tablet for this product?
what flavor is it?
is this product made in the USA?
You think this be perfect for a netherland dwarf bunny?
is this airplane approved?
what are the dimensions?
can it hold a adult guinea pig ?
what about several grown male rats at the same time? Probably a stupid question but...
is this good for two gerbils that love to chew?
does it have A LOT of ventilation?
How long is the strap?
if my hamster were to pee in it, would it leak through?
Would this work on a dog that whines?
Will this work with Intellipet collar?
can this be used just as a spray when she barks in the? is it like a spray canister like a can of furniture polish.thanks for your answer have one from sentry spray but perfer the cinternola one they say works better because dogs don't like the smell....
Both cans leaked out at the base of the tip . They didn't refill the collar. The first can I had did fine. Was this a "BAD LOT" that I had gotten?
Will this work with Dogtek Spray Collars?
What it is used for
can this spray be used by itself to discourage dog barking?
Is there an expiration date on the citronella spray?
citronella spray can be used to train dogs and keep off the furniture in my house and some areas?
does this work with Pet Trainer collars?
I'd like to know the date expire of the product?
Hi i'd like to know the date expire of the product?
Hi i'd like to know the date expire of the product?
How far apart are the holes for the screws?
Dimensions of product. Size! how long, how wide
Would this be light enough to just be screwed into drywall? Thanks!
any problem with cats falling off while half asleep and repositioning themselves?
is there a removeable cover? what color is wood? in some pix it looks dark brown...in others black
Do you have to attach the felt pad by yourself? Is there a replacement pad for it? Will it hold 17lbs cat jumping if mounted in drywall only? Thanks!
Can my 50 lb dog fit?
My dog is five pounds. Is this sling the right size?
I have a 5 pound Chi with only two back legs, he always wants to sit up to see everything. Do you think this would be good for him as he get heavy.
is shoulder strap adjustable thank you now!
My Yorkie only weighs 3 lbs, would he get "lost" in this sling?
Will this work for entry into an RV?
Exactly how wide is this ramp?
Any problems storing it in the SUV after the dog is inside the vehicle?
Does this ramp have an edge to it so the dog can feel not to slip off.
What is the difference between Vibactra and Vibractra Plus other than the cost? Amounts or concentrations of herbs?
What's in it?
I have a colony of feral cats some cannot be touched how do I get them to take this?
Hi, Can you tell me the Expiration date and if the bottle is sealed?
Hi is this good for upper resopatory in cats
how long to get I have a sick kitten I rescued live in Wildomar,ca 92595......
Does this help clear up absess from a bite on a cat's head? An outdoor cat I take care of has a wound on her head.
DOES THIS COME SAFETY SEALED?? THANK YOU
is the floor inside made of metal or cardboard? does it hav a pad or pillow ? can dog lean on sides with out rubing on to wheels while in motion?
I have a 46 lb. english bulldog - not sure whether to get the mini stroller or the full size?
Can you walk quickly or lightly jog while pushing this stroller?
Can you fit two large dogs in this stroller a german and Labrador.
Anyone else have trouble getting the pushbar in and out of the clamps in order to fold it down for transport? Any solutions? Currently using a mallet.
Whar are the measurements for the back and front zippered entry flaps?
What dog weight will this stroller accommodate?
How would a large dog with knee issues get inside? Does the back open up?
What year of model is this particular stroller? I just purchased one and I'd like to buy the rain cover as well. Thanks.
Has anyone used the stroller on sand? The dogs aren't allowed on the beach where we live so I'd like to have a way to take them along.
How are the durability of the wheels over time?
Can a cat claw through the screens of this pet stroller/carrier? Also is there sufficient amount of air that can flow freely thru the mesh screens?
Can a cat claw through the plastic screens?
Is this airline approved? are wheels 360 degree turn?
can 2 cats fit in this carrier I have one large and 1 medium adult cats
can 2 adult cats fit in this carrier
What are the full dimensions? Height width and length
How do you pick this carrier up? Can it be picked up with a strap with the pets inside? Also is there a shoulder strap?
Worried about using the Lg SturdiBag on Southwest Airline. Any experiences to share?
Does one measure the dog's height at the shoulders or to the top of the head to meet airline requirements for the carrier?
Is the top flexible to meet the 9 inch height requirement of American?
How do I wash it
Anyone take this bag on United? If so, did you have any problems?
I have a 16 pound bichon poodle, 12" tall and 16" long. will the large size work for him? (I'm concerned x-tra large is too large for the airlines.
can a 20 pound pug fit in the large
I have to transport 2 cats (total weight of 22 lbs) on Southwest; only 1 crate per passenger. Will this hold them both?
I'm moving back home in June and my airline suggests that I use a 9x16x19 bag for my cat. Will this bag work and fit underneath the seat ?
does it have loop for auto seatbelt
What is width of 36" grooming table when folded. I need to slide it into a limited space (max 5 inches)
I have a 100 lb Golden Retriever--would this table be large enough for him ?
Do the legs fold over for storage?
is the height adjustable
Do the arm and clamp remove completely from the table?
What's the maximum dog weight this table is meant for?
how much does it weigh without the arm?
Would you please tell me the total thickness of this table when it is completely folded up?
Was this manufactured in the US, if not where?
I noticed the harness is in the middle of the table, can it be placed on the end?
is it safe to spray on my clothes?
what are the percentages of the essential oils? i want to make sure it has enough of them in it.
is it safe to spray on my clothes?
What is in this stuff ?
Can I use this in cat's water fountain? Or will it be filtered out? One of my cats will only drink from the fountain.
Hi. About how long will one bottle last per pet?...thank you everyone for your reviews and information...my cat is seriously stressed....
What are the ingredients or where are the ingredients listed?
what is the difference in ingredients in feline vs. all pets product.
Can a indian ringneck fit in this cage??
Would this be a good sized cage for a Pineapple Green-Cheeked Conure?
I already have a cage, but would like to order the stand only. Is this possible?
What is the measurement of the bar spacing?
Is this cage wrought iron?
How much does the package weigh (for shipping)?
Is this safe for parakeets? (in regards to the bar spacing)
is it plastic coated
would an African gray fit in this?
Is it big enough for a Quaker/Monk parrot?
Is it better than the challenger
I have 4 labs. How many watts is this?
Most of the feedback comes from dog owners who have med/large dogs. I have Yorkies &amp; Chihuahuas. Will this blower, blow my dogs down the block??
Does this product work well enough to blow out any undercoat?
Is this dryer good for a long hair dog? Which nozzle is best for long hair and how do you dry to prevent matting?
can it be used for 220v?
do you have turquoisecolored in stock?
Will this dry my Siberian Husky?
I want to order the green one. How do I do that?
How to take the filter apart for cleaning?
Hi, I have a 1 year old red ear slider who is between 3 and 4 inches across. He likes to escape. Will he be able to with this platform?
My tank is 55 gallon, and it I just measured it from one end to the other is 12 and 3/4 inches. So if I buy this item for sure it will fit right? I saw on one of the picture it says up to 12" wide. Does that include slight 3/4" wider than just 12"?!
Any ideas if this would fit on a curved 40 gallon tank?
how big your turtle has to be,mine is 7 years old
My RES is 10 inches long and 7 inches wide. Will he fit in this?
i have a 75 gal tank that is 18 1/2" wide do you have one that will fit this
Would this work on a 40 Gallon Breeder tank? they are wider then most tanks.
My turtle is having trouble figuring out how to get up the ramp, does the water need to be to the maximum water mark? Mine is a little below that.
Hi, I have a HUGE RES turtle that needs a good big basking platform. Is this recommended?
I have a mesh covering on my tank now. What do you use to cover the remaining part of the tank when using this product? I don't want to just leave it open because I have dogs and cats too. Thanks.
Does this work on extremely strong poop smell? Our old cat had a horrible liquid poo on our couch and nothing is working...
I have used this product before it didnt quite work (my dog still urinated on the spot that I sprayed in), is there any proper way to use it?
Can this be sprayed on laminate flooring?
I've done a lot of research on cat urine removal &amp; Icky Poo was mentioned. Will this work over other products already used?
Anyone have experience using Anti Icky Poo on OLD cat urine stains? I just came across one on concrete that needs to be treated.
Has anyone used this on clothes? My cat peed on a stack of clothes.... If so, do you spray it on, let it dry, and then wash?
If I were to use the spray on a stained carpet from cat pee, would it remove the stain as well as the odor or would it just remove the odor?
What surfaces can you use this product on? Hardwood floors? tile? carpet? what about leather? and other upholstery?
Why is this product listed at $16.89 on the search page and $19.69 when it comes time to order?
does this product work as well as the original scented formula?
What is the weight for med? My pups are 20lb Dachshunds
what size do i need for 15" length
Can you tell me if there is white stitching around the writing on the butt?
what is the voltage allowed for the lamp? Im from Singapore and its 240V here
Can I use a mercury vapor bulb with this fixture? Will the bulb fit? Will it get too hot for the fixture?
I read reviews for various dome lamp fixtures and have read some accounts of these fixtures causing fires. Are these a fire hazard? How safe are they?
Is this a UVB lamp? Also does it come with a clamp?
Is this for bulbs under 100Watts only or can i use a ceramic heat emitter "bulb" too?
Can I use this with just a regular incandescent or LED bulb? I only need it for light, not heat.
Does it come with a stand?
could you place a uvb light blub in this dome?
dose it include a bulb?
Will a ceramic heat emitter work with this?
What happened? Please stock more ASAP!
Dusty? Is this litter (and crystal litter in general) dusty?
Are these crystals made from amorphous silica? Also: are these crystals biodegradable?
Hi do you know when this will be available??
Do we have a revised date for availability?
What are good alternatives to Just the Crystals? I've substituted Petco's brand, but the too-big crystals grind horribly under the ScoopFree rake.
I want the blue crystals as it is better for my scoop free machine. Is the blue crystals available?
I'm new to crystal cat litter. Someone explain to me- do you just clean out the solids and leave the pee sitting in there until you change it out??
What's the texture like on this product? My cat won't use the chunk-style crystal. I need the finer textured litter, but I don't want to pay for the premium brand made for senior cats...
How do the blue crystals differ from the regular clear ones? What are they made from? Also, are the Exquisicat 100% clear silica crystals available?
can you use this without the nail guide an cover?
my dog is #130 so obviously has very large claws... will this work for him? i can't seem to find much info on this. makes me nervous! :)
How do you move the safety cover for different size pets?
So this is a nail filer, NOT a clipper right? I need a Filer I dont wanna cut him with a clipper
I ordered the "progressive" collar. So how do I adjust the intensity?
What type of batteries do you use with this brand?
Please confirm that this collar beeps prior to any shock. Is the beep similar to the sound that the invisible fence brand name collars make?
How do I know what frequency to buy 7 or 10K?
I ordered the 10K system collar not realizing there were 2 frequencies, is there a way to know which one I need before I return it? It is not working
I have an invisible fence but misplaced the collars. Will this work for an invisible fence and what batteries do I need?
Will this work with the Boundaries Plus system?
does it come with a battery and do you have to program it??
will original invisible fence batteries fir in your collar?
how do you tune collar ict725
I have a 12 lb shiz Tzu will the collar fit her little neck and also is the weight of the receiver any problem. Sadie is 14 months old and the vet says she should be ready for the fence now. She is mostly a house dog but does like to get out and run...
What batteries does this take?I opened the box and it has a normal 6v but the "bought together" shows the ones I use with my Invisible Fence collars.
My dog collar system is a ICT 100A 10K. Is this collar compatible with my system?
How do I know brand 7K or 10K? I have ICT 725
Hi, I have 2 questions. I don't see where you can order the collars size. How do I know it will fit my dogs neck? Also do you have the ability to adjust the correction? Is the correction (shock) low, medium or high for this collar?
What kind of battery does it use?
My system is PetSafe Pro are your collars compatable?
what type battery is used is it the same one used with the invisible fence collar
My dog swims in our pool . Is it waterproof?
The shipping is $48.86 but the tree is only $39.95! Did you all pay more for the shipping than for the tree? (not eligible for Amazon Prime)
how about shipping box size?
Where are the screws, bolts?
Is this shipped USPS or UPS or FedEx.Find nothing about that on site
Can someone give the dimensions of the perching area? The last tree I bought is really too narrow for my chubby buddy.
In the Description, it shows the big square unit at the top without a Window. Does this come with the window?
Are the tubes made out of plastic where they screw in? I bought one like this and the plastic stripped. Had to return.
I had to take my cat tree apart and now I don't have the instructions to put it back together, where do I get another copy?
My cat is huge, about 20 pounds. Would this work for him?
My cat will go to the upper level where they upper enclosure is. There does not seem to be a logical way to get there. Do yours go to the top? How?
What is the difference between the bubble at $389 or the LRII at $369 ?
Will this work for two cats, or should I get another litter box? I know two cats require two or more litter boxes, but that's old boxes!
how does this work?
My cat stands up to pee, spraying the side of the box. If he sprays against the bubble, will that portion get cleaned as it cycles?
I have the bubble unit sometimes when I get home I see the robot upside down stuck in mid-cycle with all of the buttons on. What is this?
Does anyone have an opinion of a litter that works best for them? (I'd prefer an unscented clumping litter &amp; I know that can limit my choices for good clumping.)
Hi. Has anyone tried to use this litter in it? "World's Best Cat Litter Cat Multiple Cat Clumping Formula" My kitties like it, so just wondering. Thx.
Does the liter get tracked outside the unit?
How does it drop the excrement without dropping all the other litter with it?
I have a larger cat, he is 24 inches from his nose to the base of his tail and stands roughly between 15-17 inches would he be able to fit?
could I use this in a 5 gallon plastic bucket? I use the bucket with chicken nipples in my chicken pen?
We bought to and ran them to the tanks on heavy duty extension cords-neither will turn on. What could be the issue?
Does this have an internal thermostat to turn the heater off when "its warm"? If so, what is the turn off temperature?
How long is the power cord? Does it have a plug, or must it be hardwired to power source?
Is there a warranty on this item?
can this heater heat up 180 gallons of water to about 75 degrees and keep it there for about an hour? if not then can someone please recommend one?
How many amps does this unit pull? Nothing in the literature addresses amp requirements. Thanks.
Will this heater drop down in a 6" pipe?
what size tank is this good for
Has anyone used it with an extension cord?
could I use this in a 5 gallon plastic bucket? I use the bucket with chicken nipples in my chicken pen?
We bought to and ran them to the tanks on heavy duty extension cords-neither will turn on. What could be the issue?
Does this have an internal thermostat to turn the heater off when "its warm"? If so, what is the turn off temperature?
How long is the power cord? Does it have a plug, or must it be hardwired to power source?
Is there a warranty on this item?
can this heater heat up 180 gallons of water to about 75 degrees and keep it there for about an hour? if not then can someone please recommend one?
How many amps does this unit pull? Nothing in the literature addresses amp requirements. Thanks.
Will this heater drop down in a 6" pipe?
what size tank is this good for
Has anyone used it with an extension cord?
could I use this in a 5 gallon plastic bucket? I use the bucket with chicken nipples in my chicken pen?
We bought to and ran them to the tanks on heavy duty extension cords-neither will turn on. What could be the issue?
Does this have an internal thermostat to turn the heater off when "its warm"? If so, what is the turn off temperature?
How long is the power cord? Does it have a plug, or must it be hardwired to power source?
Is there a warranty on this item?
can this heater heat up 180 gallons of water to about 75 degrees and keep it there for about an hour? if not then can someone please recommend one?
How many amps does this unit pull? Nothing in the literature addresses amp requirements. Thanks.
Will this heater drop down in a 6" pipe?
what size tank is this good for
Has anyone used it with an extension cord?
could I use this in a 5 gallon plastic bucket? I use the bucket with chicken nipples in my chicken pen?
We bought to and ran them to the tanks on heavy duty extension cords-neither will turn on. What could be the issue?
Does this have an internal thermostat to turn the heater off when "its warm"? If so, what is the turn off temperature?
How long is the power cord? Does it have a plug, or must it be hardwired to power source?
Is there a warranty on this item?
can this heater heat up 180 gallons of water to about 75 degrees and keep it there for about an hour? if not then can someone please recommend one?
How many amps does this unit pull? Nothing in the literature addresses amp requirements. Thanks.
Will this heater drop down in a 6" pipe?
what size tank is this good for
Has anyone used it with an extension cord?
What size bowl does the stand hold?
Do the bowls have flat bottoms or rounded bottoms?
When you remove the bowl from the feeder, is there a molded plastic base or does it just have an open hole?
What is the length of the feeder?
How do you fill the legs up with sand and how do you take the legs off? I just received mine. It looks like it is one solid plastic mold.
What size are the stainless bowls?
What is the weight of this unit?
Is it possible to move the placement of the gate to the side of the pen? I would like to place it in front of the door that leads to our balcony for the cats.
Hi there, I just ordered the 6x4x8 model. Will I be able to put the door on the 8 foot wall or only on the 4ft side (as pictured)? Thank you :)!
Can this kennel be configured to 4'Wx4'L to accommodate a puppy and then changed to 4'Wx6'L then 4'Wx8'L?
Can a wired roof be attached and then the tarp? We have coyotes in the area and I want to add this kennel between a block wall and the wall to the
Is this easy to disassemble? Am thinking of bringing something like this on an RV to setup outside when we park.
What is the shipping weight? I too am thinking of using this as a RV outdoor area for two cats. I am a 68 yr old woman so wt. is important.
Just how sturdy is the kennel and especially the cover. One of my fosters is a climber and she has chewed a cloth tarp up.
Can someone please tell me how many roof arches are on the 8 foot kennel ? Are they just on the front and back or on the panels in between as well ?
I'll be setting this up in a small room. Will there be a problem because I can't lay the pieces out as shown in the video?
I have a 10 month old Rottweiler that is a jumper. He is 100 lbs and still growing, will this accommodate him?
what is the purpose of the bubble?
does it work with pine litter?
Best Cat Litter for the Litter Robot? Hi, does anyone have a recommendation on what kind of cat litter to use with the Litter Robot?
My cat's obsessed with the cycling; stands/sits on platform, disabling it mid-cycle until someone has to go reset it, making it unusable. Advice? Thx!
i have had this for almost 4 years and it SMELLS. I have cleaned it SO well and it still REEKS. Is there some secret place I am not cleaning?help
Our cat tracks litter all over the floor. We have tried mats and grated trays for him to walk on as he exits the box, but it doesn't work. Will this kind of unit help with that?
Just got the Bubble unit. My cats are afraid to get near it, not even talking get in to it. What do I do? How do I make them use it? Any suggestions ?
Any litter recommendations that work well with the robot -- and are nearly dust free? Our cats have respiratory probs (worsening w/ Dr. Elsey's Ultra)
I've had my robot for about 2 weeks, and it smells. Any advice? I use Dr. Elsey's Precious Cat Litter and change the bin bag regularly.
What is the widest width of the base. The specs says 22", but that looks like maybe the width of bubble. Foresee any issues w/ this in a cubby whole?
Big Cats: What do you think, owners of this product?
does this run off batteries. if so what kind. i do not have a floor plug
what are the footprint dimensios?
My cat's obsessed with the cycling; stands/sits on platform, disabling it mid-cycle until someone has to go reset it, making it unusable. Advice? Thx!
Do you think my 14lb. and 16lb. cats would fit in this box? They currently use the Booda dome litter box with the steps in it.
I need to keep a litter box inside my bedroom. How loud is this unit? Do you think it will wake somebody up?
kind of litter
What is the demension?
Does dirty litter or fecal matter get stuck in the extra bubble window when the globe rotates during the cleaning cycle?
Is there a warranty when buying off of Amazon?
work on cats
Do these work well on a thick curly coat? My cocker spaniel has been very difficult to groom at home due to clippers not going through his coat.
Does this work on long thick cat hair that knots up all over her body so thick that you can barely cut it with scissors without cutting the skin.
is this made in the United States
I have a Malti-Po,half Maltise and poodle. I have never done thesis it easy/ would never want to hurt my dog is it easy to learn?
Is this a quiet machine? I have not shaved my kitty before and he is 8, I am afraid he will be too scared if it makes a loud noise when it is on.
Is this clipper also safe/effective for cats?
What is the input voltage? only 110v or 110-240v?
what is the length of the blade? Adjustable for 10,15,30 or? I need a # 40 , if buy I another Wahl blade will it fit this?
Can I use this to shave the sensitive private areas on my dog? She gets mats around her wee-wee, a groomer has to shave it &amp; I'd rather do it.
Will it cut an 80 lb flat coat retriever?
would these clippers work for domestic cats?
Does this unit heat up when it is on for a while? I like to use without guard on areas and don't want to burn my dog. Thanks
Does anyone know what size the standard blade is that comes attached to this trimmer? I'm looking for a trimmer with an attached #10 blade.
How long does it hold a charge?
Which replacement blade does this use? I know it uses #10 blade, but there are different shapes. Anyone have a link to the correct model here on amz?
Will this be good for a cat with fur mats?
Does anyone uses this on a cat? I am looking for clippers that work on the the cat's fine fur and it needs to be quite and low vibration, otherwise the kitty does not put up with it. Thanks!
Goats - has anyone used these on dairy goats before? Do they work well for trimming the udder and surrounding areas? Think non-professional or "non-show" trim because I just need it to do a good job for a home dairy.
How often should the battery be charged? What battery can I buy for replacement?
120 voltage or 240 voltage?
How would you connect a filter unit to this pump?
Does it have removable/cleanable filter pads inside?
Hi! I plan on using this pump (50-250 gph) for a small stream and waterfall. The pump will be sitting in a 32 gallon bucket. Will this be ok?
Do youthink the smallest pump is it still to big for a 50 galon pond? The flow is it adjustable?
Is this pump quiet ?
What is the max lift for this pump?
Power consumption how many watts?
how long is the cord?
why does this pump have an INLET shaft in all the pictures? is there an adapter for that?
what about the size?? as of yet there is no info on the tetrapond filters
Does anyone know the diameter?
What is the size of the pad ?
Would you tell me the size of the TetraPond Waterfall filter?
Would this work on other brands of pumps too just need something to help keep my small pond clean. Thanks
Is this the only filter I would need for a 1000 gallon pond? I would be hooking it to a 1900 gph pump.
I have the Tetra 550 pump. It is slotted on one side and solid on the other. How does the pre-filter attach to the pump?
how do you connect the pre filter? as it is not threaded. it is threaded on the side where it connect to the pump but not to the pre filter..
How does it attach to the pump when all you have is one outlet nipple and no intake nipple?
Would I be able to use a Y adapter to connect this pre filter to one Y and a Tetra skimmer box to another Y ?
Is it open on one end or both ends?
Does this just slip over the pump? I need something to keep the debris from clogging up my outdoor (small) pond pump. (140)
What is the inner diameter of this sponge?
Does anyone know the dimensions?
Is this a replacement filter for the Tetra FK3 filtration fountain kit?
Where is the product made? USA? China?
I need to know if this product can help with severe yeast infection in dogs ears. I have tried everything, and nothing works.
So, the ingredients are put together here, but what is their origin? Guess I need to ask them!
How would I give this to my dog if he is on kibble only as this looks like a powder.
Is the probiotic guaranteed live cultures? if so how many are guaranteed? are ingredients made/sourced in the usa?
My dog seems to be having digestive trouble after being on antibiotics (bad gas, occasional vomiting). Any thoughts?
does it contain FOS? An article online I am reading says this will feed the yeast if the probiotic contains FOS. I do not know what that is. Thanks, T
What is the shelf life- I imagine I would have enough here to feed my dog for 1-2 years - Need to know it will last long enough to use up.
I live in SWFL &amp; am always concerned about heat damage to supplements when delivered. How do you combat this?
does this need to be refrigerated after opening?
WIll this help an itchey dog who does not have food allergies (tested by using sweet potatoes, quinoa, and lentils for 6 weeks by Dermatologist)
mywhite poodle has pimples like acne,they open they leave holes , has any one else expercented this? ps
what is the difference between this and their probiotic miracle powder?
Can this be used as a substitute for pancrezyme?
Do you need a perscription
I don't see an expiration date. How long will is this product good for?
does anyone know if i can get this in the uk please
Is this made in the US?
Why my dogs &amp; my friends and my other family member's dogs will sniff them &amp; walk away refusing to eat them-hard to believe these 5 stars?
how many bags are contained in the $15 price tag? how many sticks are there for $15 ??
Where are these made and are ingredients from USA? I know they are distributed out of California, but actual ingredients from where?
How many K/cal calories are in ea. treat? I have small &amp; lrg. peanut butter &amp; sm. &amp; large chicken?. Thank you
Are these soft and chewy? Can someone tell me about these?
Newman's Own&reg; Organics Dog Treats for Medium Size Dogs: What happened to all these treats?
i was wondering im going on a trip for 3 weeks wouldnt be able to be here to feed my cat would the food last that long for the large?
How large (in inches diameter) is the feeding portion of the bowl?
Is there a recommended cat food to use with this that helps with the gravity issue? I have this feeder and its great but the food doesnt dispense automatically. I have to shake it for the food to come down...
Hello there, this thing has a cap in the bottom? I just received mine and doesn't have it so there is not point in use it because the food can't stay
Which is smaller? The 2lb or the "medium"? The inconsistency in the size titles makes it hard to figure out which one is the smaller of the two!
Is there a problem with food spilling out over the sides? I have a different type of replenish feeder and it is messy.
does any one know if the plastic portion is BPA free?
Can you fill this up with food by removing the top cap, or do you have to turn it upside down and remove the bottom?
Can someone tell me how deep the dish is, please?
Can i use this for dog food?
i read a review that said you had to push the spring to get it to fill up the bowl? is this correct? i wanted something that was automatic
Watering Station: Does this waterer fill from the top or the bottom and need to be flipped?
How do you know what size to get for 1 medium cat? Do all 3 sizes each hold 1 gallon water?
How often does it need to be cleaned? Does it get mold/mildew around the edges?
Does this water dispenser make any noise as it dispenses water into the bowl. I had one that made a bubbling noise that my dog was afraid of
My dog will only drink water outside if it's cold (or toilet water inside). Would adding ice cubes be a problem?
The item description says "for indoor use only." Is there really some reason we couldn't use this outside in a sheltered spot?
How do you go about cleaning the reservoir? It appears that the top part unscrews. Can you fit your hand in the reservoir to do a thorough cleaning?
Can you tell the water level by looking at it? It appears to be solid but is it opaque?
The bottom part is safe for the dishwasher. What about the top part - the part that dispenses the water.
i read a review that said you had to push the spring to get it to fill up the bowl? is this correct? i wanted something that was automatic
Watering Station: Does this waterer fill from the top or the bottom and need to be flipped?
How do you know what size to get for 1 medium cat? Do all 3 sizes each hold 1 gallon water?
How often does it need to be cleaned? Does it get mold/mildew around the edges?
Does this water dispenser make any noise as it dispenses water into the bowl. I had one that made a bubbling noise that my dog was afraid of
My dog will only drink water outside if it's cold (or toilet water inside). Would adding ice cubes be a problem?
The item description says "for indoor use only." Is there really some reason we couldn't use this outside in a sheltered spot?
How do you go about cleaning the reservoir? It appears that the top part unscrews. Can you fit your hand in the reservoir to do a thorough cleaning?
Can you tell the water level by looking at it? It appears to be solid but is it opaque?
The bottom part is safe for the dishwasher. What about the top part - the part that dispenses the water.
What are the interior dimensions? I want to get a bed to put inside the crate.
what are the dimensions of the lift up door?
Can a smaller crate be stacked on a larger crate?
Where can I get new replacement latches
Are you able to roll this with a dog in it? I'd like to move it from one room to another without removing a 40 lb injured dog.
this page has a title indicating 27-inch and a description indicating 36-inch; which is it?
Is there a divider with this, if not what one would fit?
(36") Re. complaints re. plastic latches breaking...is it the plastic pieces screwed onto the gate bottom or piece that moves up &amp; and down in latch?
Size
how much does the 66" ramp weigh and how small does it fold? will it fit in the back of a Forester with the dog?
can this be used in a house for my doxies that have issues with a short 3 stairs that are deep?
Can this be installed outdoors (where it'll get rained on)?
Has anyone found this ramp suitable to help an arthritic dog get on the bed too or just for vehicles?
My dog has cancer and can no longer get up the 3 front steps of my apartment building. Would this work for the stairs? Is it light enough to carry?
does this just lay on the door frame
How much does the product weight?
Will this work to help 80 lb dog in a Suburban?
Would this work leading to a kitchen counter which is 36 inches high? It's for my cat and I feed her at a certain place on the counter so the dogs do not get her food. She is getting older and jumping up on the counter is starting to take its toll.
i was wondering im going on a trip for 3 weeks wouldnt be able to be here to feed my cat would the food last that long for the large?
How large (in inches diameter) is the feeding portion of the bowl?
Is there a recommended cat food to use with this that helps with the gravity issue? I have this feeder and its great but the food doesnt dispense automatically. I have to shake it for the food to come down...
Hello there, this thing has a cap in the bottom? I just received mine and doesn't have it so there is not point in use it because the food can't stay
Which is smaller? The 2lb or the "medium"? The inconsistency in the size titles makes it hard to figure out which one is the smaller of the two!
Is there a problem with food spilling out over the sides? I have a different type of replenish feeder and it is messy.
does any one know if the plastic portion is BPA free?
Can you fill this up with food by removing the top cap, or do you have to turn it upside down and remove the bottom?
Can someone tell me how deep the dish is, please?
Can i use this for dog food?
i read a review that said you had to push the spring to get it to fill up the bowl? is this correct? i wanted something that was automatic
Watering Station: Does this waterer fill from the top or the bottom and need to be flipped?
How do you know what size to get for 1 medium cat? Do all 3 sizes each hold 1 gallon water?
How often does it need to be cleaned? Does it get mold/mildew around the edges?
Does this water dispenser make any noise as it dispenses water into the bowl. I had one that made a bubbling noise that my dog was afraid of
My dog will only drink water outside if it's cold (or toilet water inside). Would adding ice cubes be a problem?
The item description says "for indoor use only." Is there really some reason we couldn't use this outside in a sheltered spot?
How do you go about cleaning the reservoir? It appears that the top part unscrews. Can you fit your hand in the reservoir to do a thorough cleaning?
Can you tell the water level by looking at it? It appears to be solid but is it opaque?
The bottom part is safe for the dishwasher. What about the top part - the part that dispenses the water.
What are the interior dimensions? I want to get a bed to put inside the crate.
what are the dimensions of the lift up door?
Can a smaller crate be stacked on a larger crate?
Where can I get new replacement latches
Are you able to roll this with a dog in it? I'd like to move it from one room to another without removing a 40 lb injured dog.
this page has a title indicating 27-inch and a description indicating 36-inch; which is it?
Is there a divider with this, if not what one would fit?
(36") Re. complaints re. plastic latches breaking...is it the plastic pieces screwed onto the gate bottom or piece that moves up &amp; and down in latch?
i was wondering im going on a trip for 3 weeks wouldnt be able to be here to feed my cat would the food last that long for the large?
How large (in inches diameter) is the feeding portion of the bowl?
Is there a recommended cat food to use with this that helps with the gravity issue? I have this feeder and its great but the food doesnt dispense automatically. I have to shake it for the food to come down...
Hello there, this thing has a cap in the bottom? I just received mine and doesn't have it so there is not point in use it because the food can't stay
Which is smaller? The 2lb or the "medium"? The inconsistency in the size titles makes it hard to figure out which one is the smaller of the two!
Is there a problem with food spilling out over the sides? I have a different type of replenish feeder and it is messy.
does any one know if the plastic portion is BPA free?
Can you fill this up with food by removing the top cap, or do you have to turn it upside down and remove the bottom?
Can someone tell me how deep the dish is, please?
Can i use this for dog food?
Will this hold two cats? Right now they are both less than 10 lbs (6 month old kittens).
Maxim weight your animal can be
Does this comply with Airlines?
My cat urinated in the carrier. It soaked through the foam pad to the canvas itself. Can I put it in the washing machine? Thanks!
Does this carrier have an inside frame to keep it from collapsing?
Would tthis carrier be for a 10 lb dog?
will this safely hold my 20 lb cat
Is this one airline approved and will it fit under seat ? Thank You ! :-)
Will this carrier hold 24 lbs?
I have a 15 lb cat that I am looking to purchase for. How many pounds does this hold?
Size
how much does the 66" ramp weigh and how small does it fold? will it fit in the back of a Forester with the dog?
can this be used in a house for my doxies that have issues with a short 3 stairs that are deep?
Can this be installed outdoors (where it'll get rained on)?
Has anyone found this ramp suitable to help an arthritic dog get on the bed too or just for vehicles?
My dog has cancer and can no longer get up the 3 front steps of my apartment building. Would this work for the stairs? Is it light enough to carry?
does this just lay on the door frame
How much does the product weight?
Will this work to help 80 lb dog in a Suburban?
Would this work leading to a kitchen counter which is 36 inches high? It's for my cat and I feed her at a certain place on the counter so the dogs do not get her food. She is getting older and jumping up on the counter is starting to take its toll.
Does this pump work for the Drinkwell Platinum?
Does this replacement pump come with the snap-on grommet for the power cord?
I cannot get this pump to fit my whisker city pet fountain. any suggestions? I cannot seem to find an exact match to the one that came with it.
Is this pump the same as resun SP-400LV submersible pump?
Does this work the Whisker City Small Pet Fountain II?
Does this work with the ceramic Drinkwell Avalon Fountain? Thanks!
Is this compatible with the Petmate Ultra Bubbler?
What are the actual dimensions of the pump? Need to know if it will fit into an origonal model Drinkwell 360 Pet Fountain
The pump stopped working after 5 months and is covered with brown goo. What is wrong with it?
Does this work with the Cat Mate Pet Fountain
what is the "orthopedic pad" in the description? i need to find out if there is a firm bottom in the carrier, otherwise my cat will sink in...
Is this carrier collapsible when not in use? I live in a small apartment and need to be able to store it.
Does this meet airline regulations??
will it hold a dog that is 25 pounds
Has anyone used the large size on a Delta flight? I just bought one for my cat, and it looks a little big to fit under the seat...
Is there a pad on the bottom of the carrier?
is this carrier foldable?
Can two small dogs (8 lbs. each) fit in one medium-sized pet carrier?
what are the size dimensions on the Medium?
will a 13 pound hairy dog fit in this?
Has anyone used this bag and successfully flown with it on Southwest? Can the top be pushed down with cat in it to fit under airplane seat?
What is the maximum size of dog ( in lbs.) will this carrier hold?
Would a medium sized (6 to 10 1/2 pounds) rabbit fit in this?
is there a place to seatbelt buckle this in place when travelling by car?
Is there a way to secure this to the car seatbelt?
i was wondering im going on a trip for 3 weeks wouldnt be able to be here to feed my cat would the food last that long for the large?
How large (in inches diameter) is the feeding portion of the bowl?
Is there a recommended cat food to use with this that helps with the gravity issue? I have this feeder and its great but the food doesnt dispense automatically. I have to shake it for the food to come down...
Hello there, this thing has a cap in the bottom? I just received mine and doesn't have it so there is not point in use it because the food can't stay
Which is smaller? The 2lb or the "medium"? The inconsistency in the size titles makes it hard to figure out which one is the smaller of the two!
Is there a problem with food spilling out over the sides? I have a different type of replenish feeder and it is messy.
does any one know if the plastic portion is BPA free?
Can you fill this up with food by removing the top cap, or do you have to turn it upside down and remove the bottom?
Can someone tell me how deep the dish is, please?
Can i use this for dog food?
What are the interior dimensions? I want to get a bed to put inside the crate.
what are the dimensions of the lift up door?
Can a smaller crate be stacked on a larger crate?
Where can I get new replacement latches
Are you able to roll this with a dog in it? I'd like to move it from one room to another without removing a 40 lb injured dog.
this page has a title indicating 27-inch and a description indicating 36-inch; which is it?
Is there a divider with this, if not what one would fit?
(36") Re. complaints re. plastic latches breaking...is it the plastic pieces screwed onto the gate bottom or piece that moves up &amp; and down in latch?
Is this product verified by nasc
is this product made in China?
Is this product flavored like chicken or beef?
How many milligrams of EPA in the Omega 3 fatty acids per tablet?
ingredients
Hi Amazon, can you post the back panel too?
Why my dogs &amp; my friends and my other family member's dogs will sniff them &amp; walk away refusing to eat them-hard to believe these 5 stars?
how many bags are contained in the $15 price tag? how many sticks are there for $15 ??
Where are these made and are ingredients from USA? I know they are distributed out of California, but actual ingredients from where?
How many K/cal calories are in ea. treat? I have small &amp; lrg. peanut butter &amp; sm. &amp; large chicken?. Thank you
Are these soft and chewy? Can someone tell me about these?
Newman's Own&reg; Organics Dog Treats for Medium Size Dogs: What happened to all these treats?
Why my dogs &amp; my friends and my other family member's dogs will sniff them &amp; walk away refusing to eat them-hard to believe these 5 stars?
how many bags are contained in the $15 price tag? how many sticks are there for $15 ??
Where are these made and are ingredients from USA? I know they are distributed out of California, but actual ingredients from where?
How many K/cal calories are in ea. treat? I have small &amp; lrg. peanut butter &amp; sm. &amp; large chicken?. Thank you
Are these soft and chewy? Can someone tell me about these?
Newman's Own&reg; Organics Dog Treats for Medium Size Dogs: What happened to all these treats?
I don't have a urine order problem, just well set in stains that you can see with a blu lite. Which of these cleaners would be the best for my problem
The stains I have are from the red dye in dry cat food. Can anyone recommend this formula specifically for red dye removal, or suggest an alternative?
can I use on wool carpet?
How many ounces in this bottle?
can this be used in a carpet machine or as a pretraetment
Can this be used on a full size machine? I want to upgrade from my SpotBot to a Bissell Upright but I have quite a bit of this formula still on hand.
can you use this it a regualar machine
Is this product fragrant
Is this product fragrant
can this be used in a spray bottle as a manual/buy hand brush spot cleaner
Do you have to have the filter or can it be run without it?
How loud is the fountain? I ask because the fountain woud be in the room next to my bedroom. Do you keep your fountain on all day and night?
I need a replacement pump. How can I get one? Thanks!
How do you add water to the fountain? Do you have to take it apart to do so?
is it difficult to clean?
can this product go in the dishwasher?
How many filters does this come with?
length of power cable
A question for cat owners. Did it take a while for your cat(s) to use the fountain? I hooked up mine yesterday and my two cats will not go near it.
Is it all one piece can the cone part be removed? Is it easily knocked over?
I have a 60 lb GSP and A 90 LB weimy I just want to get one of these. medium or large?
I have an order (not shipped yet) I read customer rewiews.Than I'm not sure about the sizes now.Can you help me please.Goldenretreiver-68.34 lbs (L/M?
Would this work for a Great Dane?
I have a Great Dane, 5 months old, 60 pounds, and will be close to 150 lbs when full grown. Will this work for a giant breed? Thanks.
Is a towel needed after using the plunger?
can i use this cage with a cockatiel
I have a two month old GCC who is escaping from my current cage (wide bar spacing)...can someone tell me the bar spacing on this cage?
Is this cage large enough for an umbrella cockatoo?
What are the dimension of this cage with the seed catcher attached?
I have a double yellow headed amazon and I am worried if the bars will be sturdy enough. Are the spacing bars strong enough where he can't bend them?
is this cage big enough for a macaw that has about 4 ft wings span? i need a cage, that can hold him when unattended as he started to eat the house.
would this cage be big enough for a Berrata Cockatoo. Also will it hold up he likes to chew
is it powdered coated\what is the material used?
Can a indian ringneck fit in this cage?
How does the cave comes packed? In a BOX of what dimensiones?
My big cat can clear a room when he farts, which is often. Anyone know if it will help with that ?
What are the ingredients? Does this contain a probiotic?
Is the label "Clean Scat" the same as the "Smelly Cat" label, only newer?
Are these supposed to be soft and chewy or hard? When I opened the package the treats were rock hard and my cat wouldn't touch one.
What age can you start feeding these to your kitten ?
Anybody notice that these bags must have 24kt gold sprinkles in it?? How else could anyone justify the price increase from 20.00 to 46.00 ???
Is this product fragrance free? My cat will not use scented litter.
does anyone use this in a litter robot? does it clump well?
Anybody had trouble flushing? I'm having toilet troubles after using flushables for decades but recently switched to Sweat.
Can you flush this litter???
Can I put it on the toilet and Flush?
what are the ingredients? "Whole foods" doesn't say what's in it.
Is it a powder, liquid or chunks. Thank you
Will this product help with odor? My boxer sheds and scratches his neck a lot. The odor has not always been there.
How long before you began to notice a difference? I have been using for a month and my dog is shedding more than before.
where is this food made??
This product has garlic, garlic is poisonous to dogs, can anyone tell me how much is in this product? It's pretty low on the ingredient list....
Has anyone compared this product to PetVi? I currently use PetVi but was wondering if this product is comparable?
what is the recommended age for use? i see there is also a puppy version also, i'm not sure if i should just wait until my pup is old enough for this.
my dog can not have any chicken products, is there chicken in this?
How does this product compare to Doc's Blend Hair of the Dog for improving coat growth/thickness?
Does this unit include airline tubing and/or stones?
Amazon shows "Measures 5-1/5-inch length by 3-2/7-inch width by 8-inch height" What are the real dimensions?
What size tubing does it need to connect to air stones?
Is this pump strong enough for a 5 gallon worm tea brewer?
is this pump ideal for a 55 gallon tank? or is it too strong or too weak?
Does this pump have an inlet port that a hose can be connected to?
Can this be used uncovered outdoors?
Does this use 3/16 or 1/4 tubing. I have 3/16 tubing and it felt like it was going to split when i inserted the pipe into this air pump?
I need a pump that will work well for 4-5 feet deep. Will this work?
Hi would this be good for a 2.5 Gal Betta tank?
How do you mute the sound?
How many seconds does it take to get a reading?
I get consistent readings verbally, but display cuts off bottom; does not display fully to "read" temperature. Defective or did I do something wrong?
this thermometers is fahrenheit and celsius?
If placed on a gerbil's stomach, will it read an average temp? Accuracy isn't important, I breed and need to see temp differences to check for fever.
Does this product run on batteries or is it a rechargeable device?
For dogs only: Is this just for dogs or can it be used with cats too?
can it be used for cats?
Does this help against sarcoptic mites? Need help! Nothing is working.
how long does the product last after sprayed on clothing etc.? also - if you wash the clothing, do you have to spray again?
I plan to spray the exterior of my foundation with this. What concentration do I use?
How do you apply this chemical? Do you need special tool to apply this?
What are the 90% inert ingredients?
Will this kill bed bugs?
This says Martin's Permethrin in the heading, but Durvet's Permethrin in the item description. Which is it?
does it contain petroleum distillates?
Does this product contain petroleum distillates?
Can it be used in vegetable gardens?
HOW DO YOU DETERMINE SIZE?
Good for Husky in snowy winters? Are they waterproof at all?
I'm looking to purchase these for my aging GSD, whose front paws are considerably larger than the rear. Are the four boots the same size?
I have a standard poodle who needs to run uphill in snow (packed trail). Do these boots have enough traction to keep him from sliding in the snow?
How many boots come in a package?
Elderly lab has two bad hind legs and struggles on bare floors. Will these help her get a little traction to help her stabilize or are they slippery?
For indoor use for older dogs who are slipping on wood floors - do you take them off at night and put them on again in the AM? Or do they sleep in the
Would these booties be useful in preventing scratches to wood floors from dog claws?
If I have a standard poodle, what size do you recommend ordering?
My bouvier has a large sore on her foot we are looking for protection when she goes outside.
What is the sizing for the boots? I have a shih tzu mix that is 16 lbs.
I have a beagle, his pawns width are 4,5cm, does this boots fit?
How do these boots work with dogs with longer fur? I have a goldendoodle and I'm worried trying to put on these will be difficult with her longer fur
will small size fit my shitzu
Will these fit a 27 pound corgi?
Do these stay on if you have a dog that drags his paws?
I have a golden retriever with bad hips that drags his hind paws. which boot do you suggest would suit best? Thanks
Looking for boots for a 4lb long legged chihuahua. Will this size work?
What size for a Cavalier KingCharles spaniel with 2 inch paws?
Hi, my dogs paws measure 2" long by 1.25" width. What size should i purchase?
I need to know the exact outside diameter of the top and bottom of the 8 Quart size bucket/pail, thank you
How old is your pail? Does it have any rust? Does a magnet stick to it? (Higher quality stainless steel is non magnetic, lower quality is magnetic)
Is the top lip rolled? Or is it flat? I do not want a rolled lip for a milk pail.
Can someone please give me the exact dimensions across the top and across the bottom of the pail?
Is this pail food grade rated?
How tall is the quart sized pail?
Does this have a lid?
can I get the height of all your buckets. Looking for a good water bucket for outside for my dogs.
can the handle be removed?
I need to know the exact outside diameter of the top and bottom of the 8 Quart size bucket/pail, thank you
How old is your pail? Does it have any rust? Does a magnet stick to it? (Higher quality stainless steel is non magnetic, lower quality is magnetic)
Is the top lip rolled? Or is it flat? I do not want a rolled lip for a milk pail.
Can someone please give me the exact dimensions across the top and across the bottom of the pail?
Is this pail food grade rated?
How tall is the quart sized pail?
Does this have a lid?
can I get the height of all your buckets. Looking for a good water bucket for outside for my dogs.
can the handle be removed?
Do you offer combined shipping on multiple item purchases?
Will this fit my AG2 clipper?
Would this part work for the Andis Excel 5 speed clippers?
will it work on a BGR model
I own the Andis Ultra Edge Clippers with a size 10 blade. I just ordered replacement blades, do I need this item to? Will this fit my clippers? Please help, I am so confused.
Will this Blade Drive fit an Andis AGC-2 Clipper?
do you ship to Bulgaria for free?
I need to know the exact outside diameter of the top and bottom of the 8 Quart size bucket/pail, thank you
How old is your pail? Does it have any rust? Does a magnet stick to it? (Higher quality stainless steel is non magnetic, lower quality is magnetic)
Is the top lip rolled? Or is it flat? I do not want a rolled lip for a milk pail.
Can someone please give me the exact dimensions across the top and across the bottom of the pail?
Is this pail food grade rated?
How tall is the quart sized pail?
Does this have a lid?
can I get the height of all your buckets. Looking for a good water bucket for outside for my dogs.
can the handle be removed?
are these toys washable
How big is the tennis ball on the small size squiggle toy? What size is it?
Do I get to pick which animal toy to get? or is it a random choice?
Where was this manufactured?
how many squeakers does this have? The head has a squeaker, but does the tail?
What country is this toy made in?
How long is this bag? One spot says 16" and one says 10.6". I have a pug and am wondering if this would be a good carrier for her (she's only 12.5 lbs but she's about 16" long)
Does this bag fully close on both sides?
Is this carrier okay for Delta Airlines?
I want a bag to put my 7-lb chihuahua in while riding my bike. Has anyone used this with a bike? How secure is it on the front of the bike?
How are the straps for using it as a backpack? They look like they may be uncomfortable. My dog is 14#s and we hope to do some hiking. Thanks
How are the straps for using it as a backpack? They look like they may be uncomfortable. My dog is 14#s and we hope to do some hiking with it. Thanks!
will it work for a 28 pound frenchie?
Does the dome open?
What is the spacing between bars?
i have a small african grey parrot. i have moved into a small home, would this cage be appropriate?
Is the 55" height the cage only (not including the stand)?
is the wire space ok for small parrot?
Is the cage featured in this listing actually black, and if so, is the plastic, bottom tray also black?
Does it come with a perch for the top and one inside? THANKS
How do you break down cage if you have to move
how tall is this cage without the stand?
does the stand come with the cage?
can the opening on the top be closed up or does it stay open?
what is the bar spacing on this cage
Can the cage be removed from the base easily?
is The 55" for the bottom of the stand to the the top of the cage when the t is open? How big is just the cage on it's own?
Do you think this cage could be used as a travel cage for a small umbrella cockatoo?
what is the height of the actual cage with out the stand?
Would this cage be suitable for a Quaker parrot?
Will it be suitable for an eclectus parrot?
I am getting a pocket parrot (parrotlet). How is the spacing between bars? Thanks! :-)
Can anyone tell me if the perch for this cage is suitable for a regular sized parakeet or is it too large?
Is the finish powder coated?
Does the cage detach from stand? Or is it all one piece?
Does the cage remove from the stand. Foe use of cage without stand at times?
Does the metal grill at the bottom of the cage slide out for easy cleaning? Or is it attached to the rest of the cage?
How well does this product work for getting pet hair off the furniture?
Can a left handed person use this glove?
How do you remove the fur from the glove?
How often can I use this on my cat? I use a regular pet brush 2x a day but it does not prevent hairballs and my cat is a meticulous groomer...
Where is this product made and what is it made of?
Can this be washed/disinfected to be used on multiple cats?
Will Four Paws Purple Love Glove Cat Grooming Mitt working on my son? She young and ugly hair. Have 3 cats.
Has anyone used this to bathe their pets?
What is a good way to really wash this item? I just acquired a used one &amp; need to clean it to get the hair &amp; cat smell from it.
Is this glove waterproof or if I were to put my gloved hand under a running faucet, would it get wet?
Will this fit in an Infititi G35? My husband drives a Mountaineer, and we would both use it. Do you think it's possible with this one product?
I have a ford fusion and my husband has an explorer, would this work in both vehicles? I'm looking for something that we can use in both vehicles
I have a Prius and three dogs who fit in the back with the seats down, but the small terrier likes to ride shotgun. Will this keep her in the back with others or will she be able to get around it?
Would I be able to use this behind the second row of seats to keep the dogs in the cargo area of a Ford Escape?
Will it fit in my 2004 Ford Explorer?
Will this work with 2015 Toyota 4-Runner limited?
Does the order through Amazon include two nets??
Will this fit my Volvo 2008 xc90
Would this be strong enough to prevent a 50lb dog from flying through it in the event of an accident?
I ordered this on 12/15 with Amazon Prime and it is telling me delivery will not be until 12/19. Why four days?
What are the dimensions and NO the product description says 1"x1"x1" Thanks
Would this work in a 2004 ford escape
will this fit, and what size, in a 2014 equinox?
Will this fit a 2014 jeep patriot?
will it fit a 2013 Mazda 3, and a 2014 Toyota Prius ?
Would it fit the back of a Rav4?
We have '14 Toyota Sienna and need a barrier that's tall to go between the two captains chairs in back. Can this turn sideways to work long ways?
what are the actual dimensions of the net?
Does it come with the bungee cords ?
Where/how does it attach to the floor?
Is this for diabetic cats?
The Amazon Prime listing says it ships in 1 to 2 MONTHS. Did they mean to put DAYS? Ships in 1-2 days?
Blue Buffalo Wilderness: Is the Blue Buffalo Wilderness food no longer going to be carried on Amazon.com for some reason?
Aren't Oats a Grain? I consider them to be one and would never buy this food.
any iodine in the food?
What is the difference between Blue Buffalo Wilderness and Blue Buffalo Freedom Cat foods?
Is the 12 lb bag resealable?
Which taste of Blue Dry Cat Food cats eat best?Tried Blue Freedom Weight Control &amp; Wilderness also Weight Control,both in orange bags,cats didn't like
Is it low in carbs
Can I Get An Amen For Subscribe and Save?
What is the paint like on this cage? Is it powder coated paint or just regular paint? Does it chip easily? Thank you.
How tall is the stand?
Could you use the cage without the stand? Would the pull out tray still work ok?
does this have a place to hang a nestbox?
Someone recommended this cage but now I just discovered the Prevue F040 &amp; realized it's like a whole foot bigger so I don't know what to do. Thoughts?
What is the space between bars?
Does the bottom grate slide out from the front?
What are the dimensions of the nest box doors?
Is this suitable for a parrotlet? My parrotlet is 4 1/2 inches long and wonder if this cage would be a good flight cage for her.
How large is the front door opening?
how often should you bathe your dog with this shampoo?
I have a english bull dog and he smells bad I will wash him down but by the next day he smells bad again. And I have been using shampoo from the vet
Has anyone ever used this on a cat? Does anyone know if it's safe?
What are the ingredients?
I use Frontline Plus flea topical, can I use this shampoo and it not wash off the frontline?
did this product kill and eliminate sarcopetes scabei?
Can you use the rinse full strength between baths? How often should you apply it?
how long do you have to leave it on
I broke the o-ring on the protien skimmer. Where can I get a new one?
I am having issues with the sump draining too quickly and not being able to fill back up. Any suggestions? I have the aquarium filled to the max.
does this come with the overflow box?
Can I use this on a freshwater tank?
what size tank can this filteration system handel I have 120 gallon aquarium
How much clearance do you need behind the tank for the overflow bow? Thank you
Does this item have the same 5-year material warranty too?
will this fit a 1" pvc pipe frame
Is the terra cotta made of the same material as the green cover?
I'm not sure what size cover I need. What is the size of the large replacement cover?
what are the dimensions?
Hi right beside the picture, it says "Size: 43.3L x 31.5W in.", but in product details, it says "Product Dimensions: 9.7 x 1.7 x 10.2 in. Which is it?
Does this filter include long hoses so that it can be mounted under the tank (in the base of the tank)? Or is it designed to "hang on the back of the tank only"?
where can i get parts for this filter? i need the cap for the primer hole.
what is outlet gallon-per-hour flow rate?
I just plugged in my filter to restart it and it's making a grinding sound. Anyone know what's up?
Would the Finnex PX-360 be able to handle ~12" below the tank top and, in addition, host an in-line Hydor 200W heater and in-line DO!Aqua CO2 atomizer without lowering flow rate too much?
Is this good for a 20 gallon long turtle tank?
Are Water changes still necessary?
What is the wattage?
does this filter have an adjustable in and out flow, would it be low enough current for a betta
What size tubing will fit?
I paid $29.99 for the 150 box in late November. It was an Amazon item not from Value Pet Supplies. Why this huge increase?
In December, I paid 29.99$ with free 2 day shipping (prime) for a box of 150....How can one justify $42 + 6$ shipping? Sounds like price gouging, plain and simple!
how many in a box of 150
I have a 17 year old Jack Russell. Is it possible to train her to use the pads at this stage of her life?
Question for vendor: Can you provide a close-up picture of the quilted pattern on the pad that you sell?
I've been using four paws forever and this particular box is much thinner and cotton is visible from the outside. Anyone else notice?
I've tried small and small on male maltese and small works best. However I can't find small size to purchase. Are the trainers considered SMALL?.
is this the size 22*23 of the 150 pack?
Do these pads have a scent or fragrance? I do not mean the attractant, I mean do they have a smell put on them also?
how many pads are used daily ? am considering getting a small puppy or dog. so for puppy how many? for dog?
Can the rod be purchased separately? I wasn't aware the toy didn't come with a rod.
I want to know where the ROD is -- just got the toy. Ordered Kragonfly with Rod
This Neko fly rod toy show 2 attachments, the kragonfly and the mouse. So do the 2 attachments come with this as shown for $19.99?
Where can I see the size chart? Thank you!
What are the measurements of the product? My dog is 120 lbs... This dog in the picture would be over 100 lbs. also.
How do you attach the leash or do you just use a regular dog collar? I like to keep my excitable dog under control. Suggestions?
my dog is 73-75 lbs, she varies...She is an Alaskan Malamute. Which size should I get?
How much can you fit in those pockets? The pictures don't show the mesh zippered pocket.
My dog uses a harness. Is there a whole I the vest to allow her leash to be hooked to the back of her harness, under the vest?
would like to order, but, can not find the sizing chart you refer to?
I got my vest - I don't see two linings, how do I get the quilted off and only use the thinner lining for summer?
Sizing? Can anyone give me sizing measurements for the medium (60-75 lb) and large size (75-100) vests?
Where can I see the size chart? Thank you!
What are the measurements of the product? My dog is 120 lbs... This dog in the picture would be over 100 lbs. also.
How do you attach the leash or do you just use a regular dog collar? I like to keep my excitable dog under control. Suggestions?
my dog is 73-75 lbs, she varies...She is an Alaskan Malamute. Which size should I get?
How much can you fit in those pockets? The pictures don't show the mesh zippered pocket.
My dog uses a harness. Is there a whole I the vest to allow her leash to be hooked to the back of her harness, under the vest?
would like to order, but, can not find the sizing chart you refer to?
I got my vest - I don't see two linings, how do I get the quilted off and only use the thinner lining for summer?
Sizing? Can anyone give me sizing measurements for the medium (60-75 lb) and large size (75-100) vests?
Where can I see the size chart? Thank you!
What are the measurements of the product? My dog is 120 lbs... This dog in the picture would be over 100 lbs. also.
How do you attach the leash or do you just use a regular dog collar? I like to keep my excitable dog under control. Suggestions?
my dog is 73-75 lbs, she varies...She is an Alaskan Malamute. Which size should I get?
How much can you fit in those pockets? The pictures don't show the mesh zippered pocket.
My dog uses a harness. Is there a whole I the vest to allow her leash to be hooked to the back of her harness, under the vest?
would like to order, but, can not find the sizing chart you refer to?
I got my vest - I don't see two linings, how do I get the quilted off and only use the thinner lining for summer?
Sizing? Can anyone give me sizing measurements for the medium (60-75 lb) and large size (75-100) vests?
Where can I see the size chart? Thank you!
What are the measurements of the product? My dog is 120 lbs... This dog in the picture would be over 100 lbs. also.
How do you attach the leash or do you just use a regular dog collar? I like to keep my excitable dog under control. Suggestions?
my dog is 73-75 lbs, she varies...She is an Alaskan Malamute. Which size should I get?
How much can you fit in those pockets? The pictures don't show the mesh zippered pocket.
My dog uses a harness. Is there a whole I the vest to allow her leash to be hooked to the back of her harness, under the vest?
would like to order, but, can not find the sizing chart you refer to?
I got my vest - I don't see two linings, how do I get the quilted off and only use the thinner lining for summer?
Sizing? Can anyone give me sizing measurements for the medium (60-75 lb) and large size (75-100) vests?
Where can I see the size chart? Thank you!
What are the measurements of the product? My dog is 120 lbs... This dog in the picture would be over 100 lbs. also.
How do you attach the leash or do you just use a regular dog collar? I like to keep my excitable dog under control. Suggestions?
my dog is 73-75 lbs, she varies...She is an Alaskan Malamute. Which size should I get?
How much can you fit in those pockets? The pictures don't show the mesh zippered pocket.
My dog uses a harness. Is there a whole I the vest to allow her leash to be hooked to the back of her harness, under the vest?
would like to order, but, can not find the sizing chart you refer to?
I got my vest - I don't see two linings, how do I get the quilted off and only use the thinner lining for summer?
Sizing? Can anyone give me sizing measurements for the medium (60-75 lb) and large size (75-100) vests?
Where can I see the size chart? Thank you!
What are the measurements of the product? My dog is 120 lbs... This dog in the picture would be over 100 lbs. also.
How do you attach the leash or do you just use a regular dog collar? I like to keep my excitable dog under control. Suggestions?
my dog is 73-75 lbs, she varies...She is an Alaskan Malamute. Which size should I get?
How much can you fit in those pockets? The pictures don't show the mesh zippered pocket.
My dog uses a harness. Is there a whole I the vest to allow her leash to be hooked to the back of her harness, under the vest?
would like to order, but, can not find the sizing chart you refer to?
I got my vest - I don't see two linings, how do I get the quilted off and only use the thinner lining for summer?
Sizing? Can anyone give me sizing measurements for the medium (60-75 lb) and large size (75-100) vests?
Where can I see the size chart? Thank you!
What are the measurements of the product? My dog is 120 lbs... This dog in the picture would be over 100 lbs. also.
How do you attach the leash or do you just use a regular dog collar? I like to keep my excitable dog under control. Suggestions?
my dog is 73-75 lbs, she varies...She is an Alaskan Malamute. Which size should I get?
How much can you fit in those pockets? The pictures don't show the mesh zippered pocket.
My dog uses a harness. Is there a whole I the vest to allow her leash to be hooked to the back of her harness, under the vest?
would like to order, but, can not find the sizing chart you refer to?
I got my vest - I don't see two linings, how do I get the quilted off and only use the thinner lining for summer?
Sizing? Can anyone give me sizing measurements for the medium (60-75 lb) and large size (75-100) vests?
Where can I see the size chart? Thank you!
What are the measurements of the product? My dog is 120 lbs... This dog in the picture would be over 100 lbs. also.
How do you attach the leash or do you just use a regular dog collar? I like to keep my excitable dog under control. Suggestions?
my dog is 73-75 lbs, she varies...She is an Alaskan Malamute. Which size should I get?
How much can you fit in those pockets? The pictures don't show the mesh zippered pocket.
My dog uses a harness. Is there a whole I the vest to allow her leash to be hooked to the back of her harness, under the vest?
would like to order, but, can not find the sizing chart you refer to?
I got my vest - I don't see two linings, how do I get the quilted off and only use the thinner lining for summer?
Sizing? Can anyone give me sizing measurements for the medium (60-75 lb) and large size (75-100) vests?
Where can I see the size chart? Thank you!
What are the measurements of the product? My dog is 120 lbs... This dog in the picture would be over 100 lbs. also.
How do you attach the leash or do you just use a regular dog collar? I like to keep my excitable dog under control. Suggestions?
my dog is 73-75 lbs, she varies...She is an Alaskan Malamute. Which size should I get?
How much can you fit in those pockets? The pictures don't show the mesh zippered pocket.
My dog uses a harness. Is there a whole I the vest to allow her leash to be hooked to the back of her harness, under the vest?
would like to order, but, can not find the sizing chart you refer to?
I got my vest - I don't see two linings, how do I get the quilted off and only use the thinner lining for summer?
Sizing? Can anyone give me sizing measurements for the medium (60-75 lb) and large size (75-100) vests?
Where can I see the size chart? Thank you!
What are the measurements of the product? My dog is 120 lbs... This dog in the picture would be over 100 lbs. also.
How do you attach the leash or do you just use a regular dog collar? I like to keep my excitable dog under control. Suggestions?
my dog is 73-75 lbs, she varies...She is an Alaskan Malamute. Which size should I get?
How much can you fit in those pockets? The pictures don't show the mesh zippered pocket.
My dog uses a harness. Is there a whole I the vest to allow her leash to be hooked to the back of her harness, under the vest?
would like to order, but, can not find the sizing chart you refer to?
I got my vest - I don't see two linings, how do I get the quilted off and only use the thinner lining for summer?
Sizing? Can anyone give me sizing measurements for the medium (60-75 lb) and large size (75-100) vests?
Where can I see the size chart? Thank you!
What are the measurements of the product? My dog is 120 lbs... This dog in the picture would be over 100 lbs. also.
How do you attach the leash or do you just use a regular dog collar? I like to keep my excitable dog under control. Suggestions?
my dog is 73-75 lbs, she varies...She is an Alaskan Malamute. Which size should I get?
How much can you fit in those pockets? The pictures don't show the mesh zippered pocket.
My dog uses a harness. Is there a whole I the vest to allow her leash to be hooked to the back of her harness, under the vest?
would like to order, but, can not find the sizing chart you refer to?
I got my vest - I don't see two linings, how do I get the quilted off and only use the thinner lining for summer?
Sizing? Can anyone give me sizing measurements for the medium (60-75 lb) and large size (75-100) vests?
Where can I see the size chart? Thank you!
What are the measurements of the product? My dog is 120 lbs... This dog in the picture would be over 100 lbs. also.
How do you attach the leash or do you just use a regular dog collar? I like to keep my excitable dog under control. Suggestions?
my dog is 73-75 lbs, she varies...She is an Alaskan Malamute. Which size should I get?
How much can you fit in those pockets? The pictures don't show the mesh zippered pocket.
My dog uses a harness. Is there a whole I the vest to allow her leash to be hooked to the back of her harness, under the vest?
would like to order, but, can not find the sizing chart you refer to?
I got my vest - I don't see two linings, how do I get the quilted off and only use the thinner lining for summer?
Sizing? Can anyone give me sizing measurements for the medium (60-75 lb) and large size (75-100) vests?
Where can I see the size chart? Thank you!
What are the measurements of the product? My dog is 120 lbs... This dog in the picture would be over 100 lbs. also.
How do you attach the leash or do you just use a regular dog collar? I like to keep my excitable dog under control. Suggestions?
my dog is 73-75 lbs, she varies...She is an Alaskan Malamute. Which size should I get?
How much can you fit in those pockets? The pictures don't show the mesh zippered pocket.
My dog uses a harness. Is there a whole I the vest to allow her leash to be hooked to the back of her harness, under the vest?
would like to order, but, can not find the sizing chart you refer to?
I got my vest - I don't see two linings, how do I get the quilted off and only use the thinner lining for summer?
Sizing? Can anyone give me sizing measurements for the medium (60-75 lb) and large size (75-100) vests?
Where can I see the size chart? Thank you!
What are the measurements of the product? My dog is 120 lbs... This dog in the picture would be over 100 lbs. also.
How do you attach the leash or do you just use a regular dog collar? I like to keep my excitable dog under control. Suggestions?
my dog is 73-75 lbs, she varies...She is an Alaskan Malamute. Which size should I get?
How much can you fit in those pockets? The pictures don't show the mesh zippered pocket.
My dog uses a harness. Is there a whole I the vest to allow her leash to be hooked to the back of her harness, under the vest?
would like to order, but, can not find the sizing chart you refer to?
I got my vest - I don't see two linings, how do I get the quilted off and only use the thinner lining for summer?
Sizing? Can anyone give me sizing measurements for the medium (60-75 lb) and large size (75-100) vests?
Where can I see the size chart? Thank you!
What are the measurements of the product? My dog is 120 lbs... This dog in the picture would be over 100 lbs. also.
How do you attach the leash or do you just use a regular dog collar? I like to keep my excitable dog under control. Suggestions?
my dog is 73-75 lbs, she varies...She is an Alaskan Malamute. Which size should I get?
How much can you fit in those pockets? The pictures don't show the mesh zippered pocket.
My dog uses a harness. Is there a whole I the vest to allow her leash to be hooked to the back of her harness, under the vest?
would like to order, but, can not find the sizing chart you refer to?
I got my vest - I don't see two linings, how do I get the quilted off and only use the thinner lining for summer?
Sizing? Can anyone give me sizing measurements for the medium (60-75 lb) and large size (75-100) vests?
Where can I see the size chart? Thank you!
What are the measurements of the product? My dog is 120 lbs... This dog in the picture would be over 100 lbs. also.
How do you attach the leash or do you just use a regular dog collar? I like to keep my excitable dog under control. Suggestions?
my dog is 73-75 lbs, she varies...She is an Alaskan Malamute. Which size should I get?
How much can you fit in those pockets? The pictures don't show the mesh zippered pocket.
My dog uses a harness. Is there a whole I the vest to allow her leash to be hooked to the back of her harness, under the vest?
would like to order, but, can not find the sizing chart you refer to?
I got my vest - I don't see two linings, how do I get the quilted off and only use the thinner lining for summer?
Sizing? Can anyone give me sizing measurements for the medium (60-75 lb) and large size (75-100) vests?
Is this machine washable?
What color did they wind up sending after you placed your order?
Can I use Seachem Purigen with this filter and if so, where would I put it?
Do I need to do water changes with this filter or just top it off from time to time? I have 110 gal freshwater with 50 sm-md fish &amp; 20 babies.
Will this actually filter a 135 gallon tank? All information I have read, is you want your filter to run all the tank water through 4 times an hour!
what types of filters are included? i see several types of refills offered for sale. just wondering exactly which ones come with the unit. thanks!
can someone "please" just tell me excatly all i will need to purchase to have ALL i need to complete this
How much filter media is need for the g6? on top of what it comes with. Will ceramic rings work?
will you need, or does this have what most people are telling me "that i must get a protein skimmer"
can I use this filter in Australian 220V power?
Im gonna buy the g6 for my 125 gallon saltwater tank.. its fish only with live rock. what filter media should i do in it with this filter?
Can the G6 filter be installed above the aquarium tank?
How well does this eliminate cat urine?
What is the difference between Rug Doctor Urine Eliminator in the red spray bottle and Rug Doctor Urine Eliminator Carpet Detergent in the green?
How's this compare to Nature's Miracle? I just bought a bottle of their basic stain and odor remover.
Should I steam clean the carpet with a Rug Doctor prior to using this?
i have a cascade 1500 filter from penn and plax can i put 3 purigen bags in 3 of my trays amd what size bad should i use for a 55 gallon tank?
will it work with my fluval 401 for carbon
Is this bag made for the use of the Marineland Amonia Black Dimond gems?
A product I use occasionally named "NO More Algae" says to remove carbon from filter during use-do I also need to remove my purigen bag?
Will this hold RowaPhos?
I realize every tank is different, but approximately how long does purigen last before having to recharge?
Anyone have any idea how to use this with a Magnum 350 cannister? There is a column in the middle of the cannister.
How does The Bag seal? Does it use velcro?
Hello all question. Are the bags in general necessary to have. I'm not using any fine media.
Does this only come with 1 media bag?
Is there any reason why a dog won't just chew it open and eat the food allat once?
How many days does it work for? My cat is allowed 3/4 cup dry food per day, and I give her that over four feedings. Yes, I know - yuck.
It looks like a freezer pack is used in the top compartment with the cover, and can be used for water without the cover. Is that so?
Could my cat's paw get caught or pinched when the tray rotates?
Is this the same product as the QPet Automatic Feeder? Pictures look alike.
Can it be programmed for hourly feedings? Also how does it keep wet food fresh?
Are those C or D batteries? Can't read Chinese.
How much food can each compartment hold?
The lid doesn't open what am I doing wrong?
tell me more about using cold packs...does it come with cold pack? What size are they
would a baby guinea pig fit in the stroller?
What is the weight limit?
Would this be big enough for two pugs to fit into? They are both under 20 pounds.
I am having an issu with seating the front wheels. How far do they need to go into the bar to be correctly placed
Can you use it without the plastic covering?
Are the handles adjustable on this stroller?
Does the front small mesh on the bottom open with a zipper ?
How much does the stroller weigh?
What is the height of stroller?
WILL A 20 POUND DOG FIT IN IT
Would this stuff hold up being kept outside? I would let neighbors use it as they desired.
what are the measurement of the carrying bag? I need get this in a suitcase to take overseas. Need to know how long and how wide the suitcase must be?
is this good for a 70 pound golden doodle?
Are the poles and jump appropriate in size for a smaller (15 pound) dog? She's slightly smaller than a miniature poodle.
Are there instructions included on the best way to start training? as in what piece is best to learn first - the correct order etc
Does the tunnel have loops for ground spikes?
Thanks for the package weight guidance. I also need to know the dimensions of the shipped package (LxWxH) Thanks
How heavy is each item? Are they easy to set up and break down?
Can someone tell me the width of the hurdle and tire jumps?
Jasper is 95 lbs and 25" at the shoulder. He is a very large dog and I want to make sure he isn't too large for course.
I have a 24 pound Jack Russel. Should I buy a small or a medium?
I have a 7 pound Yorkie. Would the small work for him?
Do you have a large one for a 68lbs lab?
I Have a 60 pound lab. What would be the right size?
What size for 11 lb. Chihuahua / Mix?
Where are these made?
Does the eco leader come with the instructional DVD?
what size for a 60 lb cattledog
My lab breaks plastic buckles on ez walk harness--any reason to think these are stronger?
Does the harness work good to tie them in the yard and does pull hard?
Anyone know best size for a female boxer?
How would this harness work ffor a 50 pound English Bulldog that is 10 months old and very friendly?
What size should I buy for pure bred German Shepherd?
Will your harness fit a sDutch Shepard?
hi, i have a dog English Bull Terrier, what do you size recommend ? thanks
English Bull Dog with chest of 30" should I downgrade to a small (22-27")? Is it that oversized?
Based on how the handle lines up, does it seem like it would allow us to help our new Bernese manage too steep stairs (up and down)?
I have a corgi mix and a lot of halters rub on his armpits. Does this leash rub?
I have the 6 gallon Fluval Edge aquarium. How do you get the heater cord outside ot the aquarium?
is this heater safe for acrylic tanks?
I'm looking for a heater that I can submerge in my 5 gal bucket to raise the new water to the correct temp for water changes. Do you recommend this?
is this dual voltage? need 220 volts
Will this work for the Fluval View 4 gal. aquarium?
Why should I do when it stops after the 1st time reaching temperature? After 48 hours the tank settled to 78 then fish then never came on again?
Can I use it in 220 volt country?
What is the expiration date on the product?
What is the difference between this kind and the All Animal spray?
Why does the bottle I just bought in 2/2014 expire in 4/2014 when other people purchased this product in 2012 and it doesn't expire until 2015???
Pills
I would like to buy two to take to Brazil but my nephew still has some. Could you please inform the expiration date? Thanks
Hi there. I'm thinking of buying these for my grandma, but she has trouble swallowing pills. Would you say that these are particularly large?
what is current expire date
Why is the MSM no longer listed on front label w/Vitamin D? How much MSM is there in product?
Any other products that you all have found that have Aflapin?
What is the expiration date of these bottles?
What is the expiration date on the flex-a-min in general?
please what is the expiration date of this product if i order it today? depending on the expiration date, i will know how many boxes i can order ( i need to consume 1 box of 180 capsules every 2 months) thanks
I don't see Univestin listed in product description or ingredients. Has there been a formula change?
I want two of these. One for divided loveseat with cupholders one for recliner.. all recline. how do you think this would work out.
Is it waterproof?
can it be cleaned of cat hair easily? cat claw marks let stuffing thru current throw via small punctures. how secure is this fabric?
What are the dimensions of the chair protector? I want to use it on a recliner.... Also, what are the dimensions of the love seat protector? Thank you.....
WHAT SIZE TO PURCHASE FOR A CHAIR AND A HALF?
What are the measurements?
Is this cover waterproof or resistant?
How long is the seat part of the cover? My sofa's seats are 76" long, but the other cover I bought only turned out to be 65".
Does this cover have the same material in the back?
Is there any kind of "throw" or blanket that won't roll off a leather sofa? I noticed my suede pillow does not end up on the floor like the cotton.
spring hillane sofa?
What is the backing fabric made of? Is it slippery?
My dog has a bedwetting issue. So I wanted this to put on couch for when I am not home. Will it work for that?
Does this have straps to keep it on?
How high is the seat on this? My dog is a little older and I want to make sure she'll be able to easily get up there. Thanks
Can I order a specific color, or is it come what may?
Do you have this pig in orange with purple dots? The last time we ordered we got three blues which is fine but would like another orange. Thanks!
is this just one toy or all 5 of them like in the picture?
Are these made in China?
Is this a pack of 5 pigs for $9.93 or just one? thanks :)
What are the demensions of this product? It would be SO helpful if it was advertised in the product description.
What are the dimensions of the large?
What are the dimensions of the medium?
What are the measurements of this product?
Do these have velcro on them to hold them in place, like the original?
Does this carrier really smell like plastic and it doesn't go away even if you air it?
Hi! Is the Sleepypod's warmer pad preheatable? If so, how long will it stay warm? Our cats will be flying for five-six hours.
Is anyone able to provide the weight of this carrier? Is it really 4.5lbs?
The Sleepypod Air states that the height is adjustable.to 8.5 inches. How do you adjust the height?
My cat has traveled a lot.. but now she has decided too claw wholes in her sherpa for the first time ever... how easy would the mesh be too claw ?
where are they made
How do the edges fold up and how do you make it stay that way?
Does this product have wheels?
Is it supposed to come with a heating pad?
I have a male Shiba Inu (15 pounds) and am flying internationally. Has anyone done this with a similar size dog and had any issues with carrier?
How do you compress this to less than 9.5 inches, the shorter that I can get it? SW Airlines requires 8.5"
Those of you that have bought this recently (2014), is there a strong chemical smell? I purchased one 2 years back. It smelled so much we returned it
Can this carrier be zipped up so that the pet can stick the head out of the top of the bag? While I carry it?
Does the bag have enough ventilation - it looks closed on both sides? Does it also have a front patch where my dog can stick its head out?
How does it attach to a bike?
Many airlines allow 2 pets in one carrier. I have a 4.6 lb papillon and a 2.2 lb papillon. Is this carrier large enough for both of them?
how long will it take to ship this to Washington state?
My dog when he stands is about 12 inches tall... Will he fit comfortably in it? Be able to stand and turn around?
Where do I oil it and what kind of oil do I use?
where do I buy the bags?
if the cable is broke how do you get a new one
The dog ate the little removable plastic thing that holds the bag in place. Do you sell replacement ones and how do I purchase it?
What is the full length of The Poop Hound Scooper?
What are the ingredients?
What is the predominant size in the recent (&gt;= June 2014) orders? -- Don't want our 60 &amp; 85 lb. Pit Bull &amp; Staffordshire Bull Terrier dogs -- Lucy &amp; Atilla -- to choke on them.
Are these chips or bones, or both? If both, I guess there are a lot more chips than bones. Is that true? Thanks.
I have been buying this for awhile and this last bag all the chips were so thick that the dogs don't even want them. Why the change in size?
Why are the shipping times now 3-6 weeks? I've always purchased these and gotten prime shipping in 2 days what's going on?
About how many come in 5 lb bag?
purchased your product many times and very happy however my last bag had tiny thin chips, not appropriate for my dogs have you changed your standard
are these relatively thin?
What about small terriers 8- 11 pounds?
Is the bark collar temporary until the dog is trained or should I expect to have my dog wear it indefinitely?
what kind of battery does it use
How many times is the dog allowed to bark before giving a warning beep then subsequently the shock?
My dog also "whines" and "whimpers." Is it going to shock her every time she does, or is it just when she barks?
Does this fit a larger dog? The dimensions are listed as "2.3 x 1.3 x 0.5 inches" , which wouldn't fit a cat... I need a one for a basset hound.
will this work with a thick, long haired dog?
how do you charge the batt ?
what size dogs does this work for?
Is it suitable for long hair dogs such as a Sheltie? Others that I have bought have not worked because of the coat length and thickness
how does is keep the dog containted over the driveway area?
I have two huskies that like to dig under my fence. Will this continue to shock them as long as they are near it? And is the shock strong enough?
can the wire be placed directly on an existing chain link fence instead of burying it?
how many acres can i use with this transmitter
can the wire be run along side of a metal garage, or should it be a few feet away from the building and what is the recommended distance from a metal
Is there an indicator when the battery in the collar dies?
We have 6 acres. Did not see the range on the product. 6 acres, no problem?
How many ft. of wire will the EF-4000 handle, I would have approx. 700 L. ft. to do.
can I make the fence area larger?
I live in a condo, will this work on a patio area to keep the dog from jumping over the back wall? It's a 500 sq ft patio.
How long do the batteries last?
Is this collar large enough to fit a Rottweiler?
My neighbor has this unit also. If one of us corrects will it affect both dogs or only the one?
Will wifi/modem cause interference with this product? It has with our wireless fence and wondered if this operates the same way.
can it be small enought to fit a yorkie about 7 pounds
Will it work with the electric fence collars?
What is the largest size neck this collar will fit?
is this collar long enough to fit my mastiff 150lbs?
This product needs a better description. Showing what buttons do what functions. What batteries do collar and remote use?
could this product be used in australia and charged on 240v power?
Will this unit take care of a 125 gallon FOWLR and a 125 gallon reef tank, and how good is the protein skimmer?
What is the diameter and length of the hoses that go from the overflow box to the filter?
is this a wet dry filter?
how and where do I get a replacement pump for either component of this system?
how do you hook the smaller pump up to the overflow box the manual doesnt show or sa anything on the process
why does skimmer only work if water level is way above recommended height
Is the power 110v or 220v ? Thanks
can a chiller be added to return lines I have to have a chiller
What about the warranty?
the Tom website includes the bioballs can you supply a complete list of the filter media?
how do you clean it?
Can large breed dogs use it
Is this potty patch made up of three tiers, three pieces????
Do any extra pads come with this or just the 3 pieces ?
Reusable Potty Products for Cats? Has anyone successfully used the PetZoom or Pet Patch reusable potties for kitties?
My Dog is 15 yrs old &amp; now doesn't always get to the door to go out to potty so now he's going on the floor~he' has Demetria !
can it be used use outdoors?
I have a Royal Standard Poodle who weighs in around 72 pounds. I am looking for something to use on our boat when he is with us on cruise trips. Would this be something workable?
Can it handle dogs over 25 pounds? (35 pounds specifically)
How do you start the puppy using it? He just sits there looking at me like he is puzzled.
I have the typical breakaway cat collar on my cat found in all.pet stores. Cam I thread the locator on it so doesn't dangle?
Forgot to ask how quiet the locator beep is - would it be heard in a reasonably quiet parking lot?
I have two cats? Do I need to buy two pet locators?
Could you use it to find a car in a parking lot? And if so how would you attach it
what size battery does loc8tor pet take
how small its less then one inch
Can I bring this anywhere with me, like if I take my cat to a new location? Thanks.
Hello, I'm reading that this device comes with two homing tags. Does that mean I can use it on two cats together?
can i order a second handset
If it's a heavily wooded area, how close do you think you'd need to be to pick up the signal/hear the beep? Thanks.
On the option for the mat is says original, 200+ oz and 300+ oz. Does this mat fit all of them? I got the Drinkwell Platinum 168 oz.
Does this work with the additional water tank attachment?
Will this mat work with the Drinkwell raindrop fountain?
It has been recommended by my vet to use distilled water for my cats due to urine crystals. In this case, how often would I need to change carbon?
The Drinkwell 360 mat is listed for "Customers Who Bought This Item Also Bought" for Drinkwell Ceramic Avalon. Does actually fit? What is diameter?
Does this mat fit the 360 stainless o just the original 360
I don't see many reviews for the wilderness beef high protein food. Has THIS Food Bed REC ALL Ed Or Is The Duck flavor better for my dog?
Doberman 1 year 0ld best wilderness for breed
I have a mini dachshund (1 year and 3 months old) and a labrador mix puppy (4 months old), wondering if it would be bad to fee them the same food?
What size is the dog food. I have two little guys and they like small size kibble. Also my one dog is getting very heavy and needs ro lose weight.
The picture is so blurry, I couldnt see if this food is for puppy or not. Is this food for adult dog or puppy? Thank you
My dog has been picky with food lately, but he loves the Wilderness Duck Dog Treats. Did anyone try them first and then have their dog enjoy the food?
are these pieces small enough for little dogs?
This food contains oatmeal. This may be a stupid question, but aren't oats considered grains?
I have a 8 yr old male red heeler aussie mix, overweight and needs to be grain free, which is the best food for him?
Is this grain free good manufactured in a grain free facility? I'm concerned with transference.
How is this different than regular baking soda?
Is this box a lot bigger than the normal size? I buy this product at Walmart and the box I buy is about $2.50. The prince on this too high!
Will this make the cats tolerate using the box longer in between cleanings? Is this targeted for the cats benefit or the humans?
Can anyone say me how I use this item? I mean, do I add it to my cats' litter or it's just a cleaning product? Thanks in advance.
how do you use this? Mix in with kitty litter?
In my ferret cage, I have a small litter pan. Could I use a little bit in with the ferret litter or is that not a good idea?
what is in the product besides baking soda? what are the exact ingredients? and where is this product made? thank you!
How long does one box last for one cat?
is this flushable?
How large of a tank is the 24 W machine rated for?
does this unit come with a bulb?
how do I know the light is on and when it needs replacing ?
Does it reduce algae on aquarium decorations and does it have a negative effect on plecostemus?
Where can you purchase a replacement UV bulb for this 24 watt Green Killing Machine sterilizer? What would I buy that fits this unit?
Does anyone know where you can buy the blue replacement sponges? I have looked everywhere online.
Is the entire unit submersible so it can be used outdoors or is this indoor only?
How do you know that the bulb is working or when it is burned out and requires replacement? Mine is on, but can't see any light to check.
My water is green again. The red light is showing it is working. Could my bulb be worn out after six months
In "new" to the whole salt water aquarium hobby and was wondering if this sterilizer is what they call the "in line" type????
Is it fairly odor free?
How do you clean the grass pads?
How often do you have to replace the grass?
would this work for an adult pug? I am thinking about 20lbs.
Replacement grass???? Amazon doesn't sell replacement grass????
Is this large enough for a 14 pound poodle?
Will this work for a 5yr. old dog? We just moved &amp; it doesn't matter how long she is outside when she comes in then she goes on the carpet.
how do you empty the urine able do you have to lift the whole box or is there a removable traymove
Please give me the inside measurments. I have a Mexican Weiner dog. Weights 6 pounds. To empty this unit, do I tip the entire unit over?
Can this be used in place of taking the dog outside to have a bile movement because my puppy is allergic to the grass and whatever they treat the grass with. Is this ok to use for a 7 year old five pound small Yorkie Terrier.
what is the footprint of this Skimmer?
is this a needle wheel pump?
does this skimmer go directly in your fish tank or does it have to go in a sump
Anyone able to measure how tall this skimmer is?
Can this skimmer hang over the back of your tank??? Or the whole thing have to be in water????
How deep should the water be in the sump?
How tall is this
How wide is just rhe acrylic tube/skimmer?
how do i set it up
What is the acutall brand and model number of this skimmer? I want to see if there are any videos out there of it operating.
Is this the old or the new formula? The new one is worthless mess! The old one was the best I've ever used! GO BACK!
Why did they change the product? It did flush better. Now it clumps so much; it almost clogs the toilet, and leaves a film in the bowl. Why change?
Is it really ok to flush the sand in the toilet without causing any clog in the toilet?
Why did they change the formulation? On the previous formulation I didn't notice odors...now after one day it stinks!
Will this work with a septic system? I wanted to train my kitten to use a toilet, but I don't want to mess anything up.
How is the flavor?
what's the difference, if any, between the micro crystals and the ultra micro crystals? please&amp;thanks!
Is this litter blue?
Does Anyone know if this product is made in China, the US or where?
Does this help eliminate allergies or simply treat?
Anyone have trouble getting your dog to eat? If so, how did you handle it?
How long can you keep a dog on Vet's best Seasonal allergy support?
What are the ingredients in this product?
Can my dog have Vet's Best Seasonal Allergy Support and Benadryl?
will this work for cats
How long does it take the product to work?
The title says 120 tablets but everywhere else says 60 tablets, so which one is it?
will this ramp work on a 2009 Honda civic front passanger door or even on the back passanger door
What is the weight limit for this ramp? I have a Bernese Mountain Dog (aprox 117 lbs), will it hold her?
How much does this weigh? Does it float? Does it lock open?
What are the folded dimensions? I would like to keep this on the floorboard of my Corolla
Will this ramp work on a sofa that does not have removable cushions? How does it attach to the sofa?
Would this shampoo whiten my dog's beard that is discolored purple/brown from saliva due to excessive licking?
Is this a all in one product? If not what conditioner to use?
My Cavaton has soft fluffy white legs. About 4" of each leg gets stained gray from walking on concrete next to a black top road. Will this work?
Does this actually have conditioner in it as well? My little old westie will only let me go through one cycle, so I have to use a true combo!
Does this product contain Sodium Laurel Sulfate????
Does this shampoo contain tea tree oil?
Is this shampoo hypo-allergenic and tearless?
Has the problem of the lid opening during shipping been fixed yet? I've he'd this problem and want to order but want all I pay for.
Does this work for an alaskan malamute puppy that is mainly black but has white paws and a white belly?
how many cans?
the $10.50 price - how many cans is this for?
You did not say how many cans for the price offered? Does it come by the box? How many cans in a box?
Shipping weight 8.2 lbs? Is this one can or a box full? Shipping weight 8.2 lbs?
need to refrigerate?
Has anyone given this to a cat that will not eat wet food and they actually ate it?
The price shown for this item is for how many cans??
how many cans do you get for this price is this one can or case price for the hill's dog food
I use it to give my Senior dog her medicine. But, it is imperative to know the amount you are buying for this price?
Tha questinof how many cans are in a case has not been answered: How many cans in a case?
I have a very small mouse, I guess you could call her the runt and I was thinking of getting this for her, do you see any reason I shouldn't?
how do I attach the Dwarf Hamster Habitat to my Habitrail Cristal?
My hamsters aren't used to the tubes, do you think they will get used to it?
If I have the large Ovo cage (non dwarf) but I'm wondering if the tubes to this will fit. It's hard to tell from the photos.
can a dwarf hamster fit easily
can you fit two hamster in one cage
Would this be good for a hedgehog?
How many russian dwarf hamster can fit in this along with a Cristal Hamster Habitat?
good for mice?
Will this cage be good for a Syrian hamster?
Are these chews made in China or in the U.S.?
Is this package for dogs "Under 60lbs" or for "Large Dogs 60 lbs and over"? The title states it's for "under 60lbs" yet the product pic says over 60lb
If you have a picky pet, did your dog readily accept these?
pug
What is the expiration date? Is it good at least after 2016? I'd like to make sure before ordering. thanks.
When is the expiration date on the package?
For buyers in April or May of 2015, was the expiration date on your product valid and still months away from expiring?
Is there a difference between these and the chews with MSM? I've researched MSM but has anybody seen a difference in their dog's?
Is anyone concerned that this contains sucralose( this is what is in Splenda)?
Why are these chews getting hard? The package I bought from my Vet stayed soft. I alway seal the package completely.
I just ordered this yesterday for my chihuahua mix. I just want to make sure that I bought the GEL drops?
is this Tacrolimus 0.02%?
Does this help soften mucus at corners of dogs eyes
did you ship to Germany?
hi. what percentage of hyaluronic acid does this product have?
what percentage of hyaluronic acid does this product have?
Does this product work similar to cyclosporin 2% ?
Can I use this in conjunction with Tacrolimus for extra moisture?
How many mgs of each are in this product?
dosage? What is the dosage for this product?
There are cautions with this product?
Is this like a soft treat and not like a hard bone?
has it worked with cats?
Will it work if I put it on my kitchen counter? My med-large dogs like to steal things off the counter and sometimes we forget to put everything away.
how long does the beeping last after they "scram"?
Will it work outdoors/not get destroyed from rain..I want to keep 2 large dogs off a hot tub cover?
Is this a loud sound that will wake the family or only a sound the animals can here
does it work on cats
Does this go on top of the couch or underneath the cushions? I am sure my dog will just pull it off if it goes on top of the cushions. Thanks!
how long is it? length wise
I want to keep my small dogs off the back of the couch, because they crush the cushions. Will this work?
why is this not available in uk
Never had an aquarium, but considering this 5 gal. How easy and reliable is this kit? Is it true about changing 25% of water once/mo?
Does this tank have a cover or hood of some kind to reduce evaporation nd keep my betta from junping out?
What is the depth of this tank?
Does the filtration system create too strong of a current for betta fish?
Does the LED light setup have a day/night setting? Don't see one.
Would a mini-heater work for the 5-gallon version (for a betta)? Thank you!
How would this tank work as a terrarium?
What is included in this kit?
Has anyone successfully kept live plants using the light that came with this? I can't find the box so I'm not sure what the kelvin range is for LEDs.
How do you put the cartridge in the filter? With the brown side with holes to the front or the paper part to the front?
single or double recommended for 60 gallon vertical tank
would you reccommend for a reef aquarium?
I have a 17" column tank and really want on of these. What is the plausibility of using the 18" on a 17" W x 17" L tank? Will it just look horrible?
How many settings for the light does this have? I used to have a light that had bright white, soft white, pale white, soft blue, bright blue...
I have a 15 gallon tank with Mudskippers and live plants , I am confused as to which fixture to get in size , the 18"-24" or the 24"-36" ?
What kind of plants could I grow with this in a 10 gallon 21"L x 10"W x 12" H tank?
I was thinking of purchasing this to illuminate my hedge hog cage, so I don't have to leave the entire room lit up ... would this be too bright?
I have afresh water aquarium. I have live plants that aren't getting enough sunlight. Which do I get- Double Bright LED or Reef Capable LED
Will this unit work with 220v?
strong enough for a low light reef tank?
Could this light be used on a vertical garden?
Will this work on a 55 gallon reef tank?
i have a 36" w x 18" d x 25" h 65 gallon tank..would a 36 inch to 48 inch work or 24 to 36 inch?
I have a 75 gal tank, 4 feet in length. Would this be a good light for that? Would the 48" light work, or do I need larger?
What is the warranty on this fixture?
How much do the LED bulbs lose their spectrum and intensity after 10 hours a day for a year of use ?
Is it able to use a timer so that I can use the white ligth at an hour and the blue light at other time ?
Is it a good light for saltwater reef tank 30gal?
Would this work for a 55 Gal planted aquarium?
i have a 72 7/8 x 18 7/8 x 28 150 gallon aquarium. What size and how many glass tops should i buy?
Can it fit a 36" fish tank
It would be really helpful to know for which size tank this fixture would be appropriate.
I have a 56 column tank. It's 30 inches wide, 18 inches deep and 25 inches tall. Would this light reach the bottom ok for low light plants?
can you grow plants
The total width of my aq is 33". Do you think that I can istall the 36-48" since it is twice as bright?
I'm new to all of this...do you need a hood for these? Or, do you position them over glass?
My tank is 24 inches long. I want the light strip to physically extend all the way across the top of the tank . Do I need 18-24 or 24-36 inches? TY
Can this light be used in 220V-240V?
Creating a 55 gallon Discus only, bare-bottom tank. Would these lights be overkill? Any thoughts?
Is 24-30" bright enough for 29 gallon long tank with dwarf baby tears as carpet plants?
Mine stopped working. Does it need a new pump? I've been using it a few months and kept it clean.
water leaking: Can someone give me a foolproof instruction for reassembling the fountain to ensure that the water does not leak out?
What do you do about white algae buildup?
cord or cordless? does anyone know if this item has a cord or if it's cordless?
The shape looks different in the photos for the black ceramic 6022 compared to the white and stainless steel. Is this just the angle?
When I line the motor holder up with the top so water comes out the way is should, the top doesn't fit securely like it should.
I have mine set up, I hear the pump humming but it's been about 5 minutes and it is still not pumping, how long should I wait? Thanks :)
Does it rust like the stainless steel version?
Cleaning mineral/calcium (?) deposits suggestions? I have a white deposit/film on the edge of mine that doesn't look good &amp; I don't like for my cat to continue drinking from it in this state. Has anyone else had/have this issue. Any cleaning...
Does this ceramic fountain keep the water cool? I have the stainless version &amp; the water gets warm.
The ingredients is not listed correctly. The main protien which is the 1st ingredient listed should be "Chicken Byproduct Meal". As so on the package.
Where is this made? Is it a product of the USA?
I was wantig to know if Royal Canin is better than Natural Balance dog I have a little yorkie she is on on that with problem eating she is very picky?
RC Yorskhire Terrier 28 (with number 28) and the plain RC Yorkshire Terrier (no number) are they the same? Why does the RC York Terrier 28 cost more?
Please i need to know the expiration date because im interesting about buying 5 bags
Is there a way to read list of ingredients?
My Yorkie is allergic to chicken. Do you have any food without chicken?
I cannot find Royal Canin YorkshireTerrier 28 food anywhere...even their main office doesn't know. What should I do?
I ordered the Yorkshire Terrier 28 in the small bag my little yorkie loved it. I went and ordered a 10 pound bag and it don't say 28 on it
expirate date?
I have a 5 gallon filter with African Dwarf frogs and a betta fish. Is this filter appropriate?
does this work for a 10 gallon?
Does the pump work on 220VAC ?
Is this filter to much for 1 - 1.5 gallon tank?? Would it fit either the 1.1 half moon Tetra tank or theTetra 29050 LED Betta Tank?
Am I supposed to use both the cartridges that come with this filter? One says best for tropical &amp; the other says best for gold. My 10g tank smells!
Could I install loose packed filter floss in this filter?
Does this plug in or does it run from an air pump?
Is this filter truly silent? I am looking for a filter to put in my 5.5 gallon aquarium that sits on my nightstand and I do not like any noise.
for the filter, do only use one type or both? the zeolite and the carbon filter
How much room do you need from the tank to the wall for the filter to fit?
Reversible? Am wondering if there is also a cardboard scratcher on the reverse side of the Catit scratchers?
Does the catnip come in a separate package or is it already inside the scratcher?
Will the scratcher stay put while the cat does his/her thing or does it move around a lot while they're pulling on it?
I have a dachshund who before he lays down to sleep he scratches or digs for a few minutes whatever he's on, sofa,etc, will this work for a dachshund?
How long does this usually last? Do I have to get a new one, say every other months?
How long is the scratcher ? I have a long large, 18 lb maine coon cat so if its not at least 25" long it would be too difficult for her to enjoy it.
Where is this product made?
is it ceramic or plastic?
I have a yorkie should I order small or x small?
Would this bowl work for a Boston Terrier?
What is the diameter of the extra small bowl?
What is the size of the extra small? Will it work for my cats?
How do you get a cat (or kitten) to use this? Mine ignores it (including the catnip) and uses my kitchen gel mat instead.
Why is the wide one 7 times the price of the narrow one?
How wide is it?
Where is this product made?
What is the actual size in inches?
Is it possible to purchase refills for this item? How long will it last (more or less) one cat that scratches 4-5 times a day? Thank you!
what are the dimensions?
I need a replacement filter for this, what is the model number for that?
Does this need to be placed vertically?
what is the power supply? Whats the voltage?
Is this filter to much for 1 - 1.5 gallon tank?? Would it fit either the 1.1 half moon Tetra tank or theTetra 29050 LED Betta Tank?
How is this affixed to the tank? Does it hang over the edge or mounted with suction cups?
I'm looking for a filter for something about the size of a kitten litter pan. Would this stand up on its own and clean that?
What is the gph?
How long is the power cord?
How tall is the filter? In inches.
I would like to know if it is ac plug or does it have to take batteries????
Is this safe for acrylic windows
What type of cloth do you use with this for your acrylic tank? Thanks!
Just a few clarification questions: you use this product on the interior of your tank? What is the process for using the product? (drying time, etc.)
Will it remove the white, hard water residue in my turtle tank? If not, what does work?!
what is tpr rubber and what is the advantage
Will this broom pick up hay from an indoor rabbit?
I want a broom lift the nap in the carpet so it doesn't look so packed. Will this broom do that?
What is the diameter of the thread?
Will it work on human hair?
This broom with handle or not?
The broom doesn't have an electostatic charge to pickup up fur, it only rolls the fur. Why
Is it possible to purchase just the broom head? I have a vintage handle that has survived several broom heads.
The broom doesn't have an electostatic charge to pickup up fur, it only rolls the fur. Why
is there an easier way to take the fur out of the bristles besides using your fingers/hands?
I want the vibration feature only to start with. Does this unit work like that
Do you think this would work with the wrinkly neck of an English Bulldog?
Has anyone tried to add an additional collar? How does this work? Can you operate each collar separately?
Hi again. Can you ship to New Zealand? If so, how much is postage? Many thanks
What voltage is the charger? Will it work in New Zealand?
What kind of a warranty does this product have?
Does this collar come with a training manual?
I just purchased this bat house. should there be mesh inside?
how far away or close to the area that im trying to protect myself from the bugs should i install the bat house?
Can one purchase bats? Or simply place the house out and wait?
How many bats will this house hold?
What is the Bat capacity for this house?
Does this house have mesh?
Do you think this stroller is sturdy enough for a 90yr old to push around?
How strong is the stitching? We purchased a Happy Trails Pet Gear Stroller and within 5 minutes our 8 lb. Maltese ripped out the mesh stitching.
Does anyone know the weight limit for this stroller? I can't seem to find it.
I have no clue how to assemble the rear wheels with the brakes. The instructions do not mention the brakes at all.
What is the weight limit? And, what are the dimensions of the part where the pet will be?
I have 2 lynx 1 is 27.5 other is 10lbs would they ride comfortably in this stroller?
dog weight?
I have 2 chinese cresteds with back issues, can someone tell me the inside dimensions?? thank you
Is this big enough for my 28lb Cavalier?...does it have brakes on it? And does it have adequate kick space while walking your dog?
is this big enough for my 23 pound schnauzer?
Does it have a leash attachment inside so they cant jump out?
Are the animals completely enclosed? Is the upper front area covered in mesh as to the fact that the animal can't get out unless you unzip the mesh and get them out yourself?
Thinking about buying, see some folks have front wheel problem, so is it an issue? How about the weight with pushing and loading it in a car?--Thanks
can I use the stroller for my 2 Peekingese? Each weigh about 14 lbs? Does it some sort of lock for thier leashes?
are the tires good to stroll in dirt?
i have a 35 pound beagle. would he be able to lay down in this
Does the part where your pet sits in sway back and forth or is it attached to the frame somehow?
How many inches are the tires?
What are the tires/wheels made of? How does it handle bumpy roads?
What is the heaviest dog this can accommodate?
The front wheel snapped into place but goes sideways when I want it to go straight. So it drags. Any way to fix this?
Is the front mesh large enough and low enough so Chihuahuas' have a nice view w/o strggling to see AND does the back entry have a see thru mesh as well or is it solid? I would like there to be some sort of circulation as well as a nice visual...
is this big enough for a 30 pd. dog?
Is it wide enough to hold my 12 lb Pom and 8 lb malipoo?
does it fold easily?
Is there any sort of mesh/cover that allows the dog to be completely inclosed? Or is it like a real baby stroller &amp; that part is always open?
All terrain 3 wheel vs Classic 4 wheel? I was going to buy 3 wheel but husband says 4 wheel will be more sturdy and easier to handle. Thoughts?
I have 2 Westies both weight around 15 pounds. Is this stroller strong enough to hold them both at the same time.
Does a mat/ pad my dog can lay on included?
who makes this?
Can you push stroller on snowy or icy surfaces?
what is the weight limit?
What are the dimensions for the inside of the stroller?
How tall an owner would it accommodate? Some of these strollers seem like they are for short people only
Does it have brakes?
How sturdy are the tires? Are they cheap plastic or rubber?
How sturdy is the mesh? I have two hybrid cats I would like to take out but they CANNOT be able to escape!
What are the measures of the box? I am traveling and I wonder if I can take it.
Does it have a leash attached inside so the dogs can be hooked in and unable to jump out?
I have 4 poms do you think they will fit...9, 6, 10 and 10 lbs
can you see down in the stroller while pushing it from the back?
how tall is stroller from ground to handles
What is the length? I have a 20 pound Bichon, but when he lays down he is 26" long. Will he fit?
can the dog look to the back or up (to you) with the cover close. is there a mesh on the top and the back?
are the front wheels sturdy or will they fall off
What is the weight limit on this stroller? Would a 40lbs Corgi fit?
Hi, Just wanted to know if it came with a rain cover?
Does it come with a rain cover?
I want a stroller for my ferrets. They weigh around 2 to 3lbs each. Since ferrets are escape artist are there any gaps they could squeeze out of?
will it hold my 20 pound pug?
I'm 6 foot tall; how high is the part used for pushing the stroller?
I ordered these, got blue/black, are perfect for female dog's needs. I want to order more, has anyone ever received pink/purple?
I want to order these for my older male pug who is starting to have poop accidents. Do these work for poop, or only for urine? Thanks!
What is the difference between the Washable diaper and the washable coverups? are they the same thing or different?
This may be a stupid question, but if you put the tail through the hole - are they still able to poop?
will this fit a male dog?
what is the advantage of 3 wheels verse 4
have the wheels improved since some of the comments were years ago?
Does the canopy open to allow for an uncovered open ride?
Would a 27 pound mixed shih tzu fit in this stroller?
what is the weight limit for this stroller? thanks
weight limit: What is the weight limit on this item?
What are the wheels made of? How does it handle bumpy roads and uneven sidewalks? Any issues with the front wheels?
how difficult is teh assembly when this arrives ?
I have 3 yorkies weights are:( 2lbs, 3lbs and 1.5) they are all adults (2 sisters, 1 brother) would this stroller suitable for all 3?
I am 5'7" tall and I wonder is the handel high enough that I don't have to walk bent over to push it ?
Will my dog still be able to defecate with these on? I'm buying these for the sole purpose of her cycle, but I'm wondering about the rear area.
I have a yorkie that has a 14 inch waist. I want to cover a diaper with these, will they fit over a normal dog diaper?
What is the difference between a washable coverup and a washable diaper? I have a 16 year old terrier that has started to suffer from incontenence.
My 7lb yorkie isn't potty trained and he marks, what would you suggest (this product or belly bands)?
Do these shrink when washed in warm water?
How do you know what size to order?
My yorkie is 2 lbs will these fit?
I have 7lb Morkie male who marks spots in house and sometimes has stomach issues (diarrhea). Should I get the diapers or just the wrap?
Do these have the velcro closures??
i would like to get the pink/purple diapers but there is no option to choose. Is there any way I can do that?
Where do I need to measure my dogs waist for proper fit?
I have A 100 pound Doberman who has a docked tail, will diaper stay on and do dogs pull off? I have tried everything
Is it possible to request the blue/black for color choice...and do you have them in stock. Thx
will XL fit a 90 lb Rottweiler?
My dog weighs 22 lbs. Is this stroller appropriate for that weight?
Is the carrier detachable for under a plane seat Need to know ASAP thanks
Hi, what I need to know is if the large top entry has a velcro closure or zipper. Not talking about the small zipper windows on the front and back.THX
Hi, what I need to know is if the large top entry has a velcro closure or zipper. Not talking about the small zipper windows on the front and back.THX
Is there a screen so you can you see the pet from the back?
Inside width and length of the bed of the stroller
will it fit 2 small dogs under 10lbs
how many lbs does stroller allow? My dog is 60 pounds
Is it good for a 28 lb dog?
does it have a tether inside to hold dog
what type of zipper? fabric or plastic how good is the zipper?
what is the weight capacity? and what are the dimensions
what is the highest weight it can hold and what are the dimensions
WHERE ARE THE DIMENSIONS OF THIS CLASSIC PINK 4 WHEEL PET STROLLER???? Someone already asked a year ago......I didn't see the answer anywhere. HELP!
how big is this stroller ? what size pet? I can't find the dimensions on these products or weight limits can anyone help?
What are the inside dimensions on this stroller?
How many pounds does this stroller hold?
What size are the wheels?
Could two 5lb Chihuahuas try to escape from anywhere? Also, it'd be a gift, so does it come in a box that says what it is?
What is the weight limit on this stroller. I have a 20 lbs dog
Do the wheels fall off or can they go on rough grounds without falling off
I have 3 adult yorkies sizes are (2 @ 2lbs each and the other is 3.5lbs) would this stroller be comfortable for all three?
Can we order replacement wheels?
what are the inside demensions?
Is the color of the stroller REALLY dark gray?
How is the storage below and in the cup holder? how many compartments?
can it ride without the top on? open top ride?
Any more pictures anyone has?
would this pet stroller fit 2 10 pounds dogs?
does handle go to both front and back to push it
Is there a garantee that I would get it in the black and red color as shown
how big a dog can it carry
will this fit under seat on airplane
how many lbs. of dog can it hold?
Would this stroller be safe for an escape artist kitty?
does it come with rain cover
Will it hold 2 10 lb dogs?
I put the rear wheels on but the brakes are facing inside rather than outside. If I turn the wheels around, the spring holes do not line up correctly.
What size are the wheels?
what is the weight limit?
much weight resists?
What is the weight capacity for this stroller
I have been trying to decide between a 3 wheel and a 4 wheel. Any thoughts from anyone who has had both?
Does this come with the rain cover?
Does it have leash hook up inside the stroller?
how much weight this stroller holds?
Does anyone have the 4 wheel AND three wheel models? Which one would you say is easiest to maneuver?
Would this be large enough for 2 small (not tiny) yorkies? Also, I am in a power wheelchair &amp; need to know how high the handle is &amp; is it adjustable
What are the measurements inside. I have a 22 pound dog
what is the maximum weight for a dog for this stroller?
What are the weight restrictions for this? Also, how durable is this? I have a Min Pin but I'm concerned about him breaking the mesh.
What are the measurements inside. I have a 22 pound dog
What are the measurements inside. I have a 22 pound dog
is this good for a small dog
bestpet pet stroller 3 wheel vs 4 wheel?
My dog weighs about 22 lbs. Is this stroller strong enough for him?
Hi, does this stroller have a velcro closure or is there a zipper? Thanks!
Interior dimensions. Dog size &amp; weight limitations?
is there something to attach to your cat's harness?
Will this stroller hold 2 dogs? Adding up to about 60 lbs?
Weight capacity of Classic Leopard Skin 4 Wheel Pet Stroller: Can you tell me the weight capacity of the Classic Leopard Skin 4 Wheel Pet Stroller?
Can anyone tell me how much this stroller weighs please? Thank you in advance!!
What is the difference between 3 and 4 wheeled stroller? I have a large(long and 15 lbs.) paralysed cat I want to keep off the floor in the winter at night and to stroll around on outings sometimes. Is one bigger in the basket than the other so his...
Is the canvas leopard print now velvety?
Is it best to get a stroller with 4 wheels or 3 wheels? It is simply for long walks with a 12 lb dog.
My dog is a beagle/dachsund mix about 20 lbs.. he is partially diasabled though. would he be too big to put in this stroller? is the inside roomy?
would this hold a 27lbs dog
I have two dogs one weights 20lbs and the other 10lbs. This will hold both doggies?
Is the handle adjustable for tall people?
Do the front wheels pivot?
does it fit my 5lb &amp; 12lb dogs?
How big is it?
What is the measure size of the bed ? I don't think is 30 inches long 24 inches wide. It looks small.
All assembled arrives ready to go?
How high is the handle on the Zebra print stroller? I'm about 5'10 ft. and don't want the handle to be really short
I have this stroller and have yet to figure out if it folds up for storage?
Is there some sort of clip inside the pet area to attach a harness so my dog doesn't jump out?
does it come with the rain cover?
Is there mesh on the back of the stroller?? My pup will need to be able to actually SEE me when I I am using this. Thanks!
are the tires rubber or plastic
Is the frame black or silver? I have seen pics of both colors.
Does the camo stroller come with a rain cover?
can i take this under my seat on an airplane? My dog is under 5lbs.
How many pound of dog does this stroller hold?
What is the weight capacity of this stroller.?
do think this is ok for a male pug to ride in ?
Does stroller have a tether strap inside, which I can hook on to my little guys haulter?
what is the weight limit for a dog?
can it hold a 23 pound dog?
Does the top fold down both directions so the dog can face the person pushing the stroller?
Can this be used for cats that are recently declawed?
Can this be used for rabbits?
Is this stuff scented? I'm looking for unscented.
Do you need a special litter box to separate pellets from dust.
My older cat uses box, steps in the pee, gets regular litter stuck on his feet. Anyone have a problem with that with this litter? Tried everything!
Does it "form clumps" when wet?
can this be used as pet rat bedding
How does this compare to Yesterday's News cat litter?
what happened--price more than doubled!
Is this litter flushable? If so, can it be flushed if we have a septic system?
what is the total weight capacity for this stroller.... would it hold 28 lbs....
how much does it weigh?
Does it work well with taller people say 6 foot?
how much does it hold?
I have 2 chinese cresteds with back issues; what are the dimensions of the inside area?? thank you
Dimensions?
i have a 36 lb basset who is going blind would this one work for her?
i have a question. when your pushing this stroller does the front wheel work well. thanks for your answers have a good one :-)
What is the dimension and the maximum weight this stroller can take?
Does anyone know what material they are made of? Thanks in advance! ^..^~~?
How do I order blue/black? It is for a paralyzed little boy puppy
Are they Velcro?
How do i order these in the pink/purple i dont want blue for my baby girl yorkie???
I just found out that my daughter's friend had a problem with a stray dog and is now too scared to take Rover out. How does a dog know to use this??
will regular store brand pads work or must you use the pads that come with the kit?
Looking for a larger potty tray for my 5 lb malshi puppy. The tray we currently use is about 18.9"L x 25.6"W x 1.75"H made by Top Paw. We're having issues with him peeing and accidently stepping in it; then tracking it on the carpet, thus inviting him...
Do the pads have adhesive sticker on the border?
what is the size in inches?
Can you use the pads that come in the 50pk on the tray? Does the tray only fit certain size potty pads?
could someone please tell me what the active ingredients read from the bottle? as usual amazon has left that part out - grrrr! thanks
Is this veterciyn formula similar or different than the one for "hot spots"? I'd like to buy more than just 8oz. :\
To any who bought this year, is boric acid still in the product? If they removed it, anyone know why?
Can the gel be used in chickens ears or eyes? And dogs also ? I hate to have to buy several different ones for my chickens
Has anyone used this on dogs elbow calluses?
IT SAID see below for expiration, but where?? What is expiration, or how do we know as product is not good expires.
Is this product sticky after application? And if so does the stickiness go away after drying? I have a cocker spaniel with scabs on his back:(
What is the difference in the Vetericy products? Is the one specifically for horses better for horses or just more expensive?
will this work on ringworm
is the hydrogel or the regular spray liquid version better?
I have a 10lb Pomeranian and an 8 lb. Chihuahua - all the reviews were for cats. Will it work foe these two dogs?
Does it fold up for storage? How much so?
I am worried that the cat (not dog, too sweet) will figure our how to get out of the compartment, is this pretty cat-proof?
How is it with stairs? I live in a second floor co-op, no elevator and would use this for trips to the vet for my two cats - I have a bit of a hike to my parking lot from my building, some of the concrete is uneven - would this holdup? My cats are...
What are the inside dimensions of the carriers please
Are the carriers sturdy enough for car travel?
I have a 10lb Pomeranian and an 8 lb. Chihuahua - all the reviews were for cats. Will it work for these two dogs?
Can it be separated to transport just one animal?
Can anyone give me the dimensions of the compartments?
ok so i have 2 babies,lhasa apso and a dachshund. They are both a little chubby :) so would this be a good choice for them? plz advice
Can you tell me what the dimensions in inches are in the order of Length x width x height?
How are the Carriers secured to the stroller: Are they velcro in place, snap in place, tie down??
How much weight can it hold?
I am stuck at assembling the carriers onto the strollers. I have 3 bars that I have not used yet, and have no clue how they connect to the body.
Does this come with the cup holder?
Do the crates fold flat for storage or only the stroller frame?
Does it have a waterproof cover?
what is the total weight it can take , thanks
Is the pet zippered in or velcro in?
When the stroller is collapsed with the carriers out, does anyone know what the dimensions are?
shipping box dimension? What are the shipping box dimension?
Are there any handles on the carriers? Would the carriers be acceptable to transport cats down 3 flights of stairs?
HOW MUCH Weight does the stroler hold
Does this collapse/fold up for storage?
What is the weight limit, I have 2 small dogs that weigh 15 &amp; 12 lbs who would ride together at the bottom, and a maine coon cat that weighs 21 lbs
What is the limit on the collective weight for two cats?
I have four cats each weighing one at 13 lbs., two at 12lbs and one at 10lbs and I'm wondering if this will suffice for all four for walking?
do it have a screen to enclose pets? Do it have a leash in the inside
Could you please tell me how to get wheel replacements for this stroller?
Where can I find the wheel replacements for this stroller. Mine are worn out.
would it be hard for a 5ft 6in girl to push this stroller with ease or would i have to slope over
Can this be disassembled for storage?can you take the top carrier off the bottom so you can put it in the car?
What are the dimensions?
Do you sell a plastic cover designed to fit this product?
would a standard dachshund fit in each one?
can each compartment hold a pug up to 23-25 pounds?
How do they attach to top.i have a single is their a way to attach to the one I have now
I probably know the answer to this, but could you possibly fit two cats in each section?
what is the weight limit per carrier
is it airline approved
Is that allowed to bring it into a supermarket?
Would this carrier be strong enough for a 25/27lb French bulldog?
I have a 3lb. rescue would this be to big?
How much weight will this stroller hold?
what are the inside length and width dimensions as well as weight capacity?
I have 2 shih tzu toy 8lbs each, would they both fit in this??
I have handicap dashund dog and traveling soon. Can I use the carrie on the plane? Does it have the measure?
What is the dog weight limit for Blue Pet Stroller?
Can the pet see out from the FRONT of the stroller ? Pic is too small to tell - (usually there is a flap that rolls up &amp; down. Sorry cant tell. THX
can it ride like a wagon with the top open?
I have an elderly arthritic 22 lbs Sheba Inu. Will she fit comfortably in this?
How big is the wire spacing? I'm looking to buy one of these for my panther chameleon because his nails can't fit into the normal reptibreeze
Would a Chinese Water Dragon fit through the dime-sized holes of this enclosure? My CWD, from snout to vent, is 3 inches long. Other than a ramp and wheels, how is this really any different from the ReptiBreeze?
How do you keep the crickets in this cage??
Is this divided into sections so one betta can go in each section or is it all one bunch of water for only one fish?
I realized that the glass is transparent on the outside but a mirror on the inside. It doesnt say that in the discription. Did anyone notice that?
If you stack them....how does the tank on the bottom get any air?
Is there a cover on this tank? I have cats, and need to make sure they cannot get into the tank.
With one fish, how often does it need to be cleaned?
How do you stack them, are there openings?
I don't see any plants or gravel on the bottom. Can they be added?
I am looking to invest into a bigger tank for my betta who seems to be unhappy. He is currently in a half gallon tank. Would this tank be better size
what time of fish is this style aquarium best for?
I need to know if this stroller is strong to take my 36 pounds dog for a walk?
Does anyone know the height of the handle bar from ground to handle?
large enough for 2 cats?
I've read that the max weight is 25lbs and 15 lbs- does someone know for sure what the max weight is? Thanks!
Can the carrier be removed and used separately?
what is the weight capacity of this item?
Is this a good stroller for a cat?
what are the measurements of the actual place they sit the square n heighth
Does the sun bonnet fold flat to make it wide open?
Would this stroller be easy to get on and off of a city bus with?
Hi. Am thinking of buying this stroller for my 10 pound year old cat. Think it is sturdy enough for a "stroll" around a paved walking trail? Thanks
Hi there... would this stroller be big enough to hold four good natured, related, 9lb cats comfortably? Thanks...
Are there any gaps my cat can get out through?
is there is safety belt in this stroller to prevent the dog from jumping out? Thank you!
Is this stroller enclosed. Does it have mesh across the front
Since the carrier part doesn't detach, if you put your cat in it while in the house, how do you get it outside if you have stairs (without folding it)
is this stroller adequate for 23lb 10 years old dog?
My dog is 15 pound. Would this stroller be big enough to hold him?
Do the wheels have a lock-in-place option?
Will stroller hold a forty lb lab retriever who can hardly walk anymore
I have 3 small dogs and take them to the lake have to go down metal ramp does it fold easy to fit in car and can all 3 dogs fit?
what are the demensions when folded?
what is the weight capacity?
Are there straps to move the carrier on/off the stroller?
What are the inside dimensions of the carrier?
Can the animal see out the front, back and sides?
Does the carrier separate from the frame? Purpose being vet visits.
what is the size of the wheels, is it is turning?
Is the top material or plastic
Does this stroller fold up to put in car?
What is the weight limit?
Does this stroller have a cup holder? It appears to, but since the picture doesn't zoom in, it's hard to be certain.
what is the weight limit?
does stroller handle fold down?
Is the cat safe inside? Like it cannot get out.
how much weight will it carry?
Would it fit my two cats that weighs about 8 lbs each..?
I want a stroller for my ferrets. They weigh around 2 to 3lbs each. Since ferrets are escape artist are there any gaps they could squeeze out of?
Is the height from handle to floor really 33 inches? Every color of the same stroller that I've looked at so far has a different height listed....
Is it a comfortable height to push? I'm 5"6 and don't want to have to lean down too much to push it.
Is the carrier removable?
I have a guinea pig can he escape?
can this stroller used airfly
how sturdy is it?
Is it possible to replace the wheels if they shred, since they are foam?
will this strollers hold a 27lb shih tzu?
Does carrier come totally out so that this could be used as a bed or car seat also?
is there a weight limit
Has anybody tried it on uneven surfaces like a park trail? The wheels look very flimsy.
Does this have a hard bottom
Does it have a cup holder or a compartment for snacks?
how much weight will it hold?
I have this stroller , 1 of my puppy is 13 ld , the next is 7 ld n it's ok !!!! To me
I would love to know if anyone thinks it will hold my 3 dogs? I have 13 lb Bichon and 2 - 5lb yorkies
does it have a zip up screen to keep cat in stroller?
Is it heavy enough that a large dog can't move it all over the room?
which one is not manufactured in China
We have a pug that eats 3/4 cups of dry food. What size bowl should we order?
Has anyone used this with cats?
How many ounces do the medium and large bowls hold? I am trying to match the size with the Indipets regular bowl for water, sized 24 and 32 oz
what are the sizes of the medium and large slow feeder dishes?
Where can I get the rubber that goes around the bottom of bowl?
I have a Russian Toy dog his face and snout is very small. Will this work for him?
Medium or large for a 90lbs lab-shepherd mix?
will this work with wet food?
Is this bowl made in the US?
Is it heavy enough that a large dog can't move it all over the room?
which one is not manufactured in China
We have a pug that eats 3/4 cups of dry food. What size bowl should we order?
Has anyone used this with cats?
How many ounces do the medium and large bowls hold? I am trying to match the size with the Indipets regular bowl for water, sized 24 and 32 oz
what are the sizes of the medium and large slow feeder dishes?
Where can I get the rubber that goes around the bottom of bowl?
I have a Russian Toy dog his face and snout is very small. Will this work for him?
Medium or large for a 90lbs lab-shepherd mix?
will this work with wet food?
I have 5 cats, one a large M. Coon, the others 9-11 lbs. Is that too much weight and will it tip?
will it fit and hold a 20 lbs cat?
What is the size and weight of the packaged product?.
Can someone tell me the brand name.
How does this compare to the GoPetClub F2040, it seems similar in size. Weight is the same 68 pounds.
Has anyone successfully reinforced this tree for durability? I bought this because of the 4 1/2 stars and now that I read the reviews I'm worried.
How can I get my cats to use this ? Ive had it a week or so and they dont really go near it. Put them &amp; food on it, they get down when done. Mine are about 3 years old. 2 snuggle in a cat bed and another on a chair. They dont go up on this but they did...
How do I connect the bottom stairs ? And how do I encourage my cats go inside the boxes ? They get on the tree but rarely go in the boxes. I put wet food in there and they eat but then they come out. Sometimes even sleeping on the floor. I have their...
Can a kitten enjoy this thru adulthood?
Is this a scratching post?
Is this like the groomer's stone, that can be used on pets?
what size is the actual stone
Is this product okay to use on fleece sweaters?
can this be used on leather sears
Our door has two flaps. On the flap it says Ruff Weather 17" x 10 1/2" . I can't find that size replacement?
Do the flaps come as a set of 2
My flap has 6 holes on the top this picture shows 4. Is it a generic picture?
How do you clean these things? My flaps have gone from clear to almost no-see-thru black from the combination of dirt and oils from their fur.
Are these flaps clear? I hope not. My dog door happens to be in the hall directly across from my bathroom door.
At 13 oz of weight, will 2 panels be shipped in just one package?
I have an Ideal Pet door but I don't see a way to get to the screws that hold the flap so I can replace it. Any help?
I am looking for the Ideal Pet replacement flap with the rectangular logo. The older style, I was told by the Ideal pet co. X Large 10 1/2 by 15
is this flap smoked/tinted cold or clear?
brand of doggie door: For those of you that purchased this flap, what was the brand of your doggie door?
I have a rottie foot is 3 width 4 length will a large fit?
do you get 2 or 4 in an order ?
it seems most reviewers use these indoors. how do they perform in the snow ?
I have a retriever puppy that is currently about 30lbs. He will be 80lb full grown. Can I get the small and keep adding extensions as he gets bigger?
Where are D-rings for leash hookup located ? Is there one in front on chest ?
I have a french bulldog...he is about 30 lbs and girth of 24" for chest...suggestions on size?
What size would a normal size pug wear?
can the door be removed?
How does the top lift off? and do I have to use a liner?
what is the difference between this box and the jumbo? They both have the same neasurements
Would anyone consider this litter box to be dog-proof?
what is width?
How tall is this box where the cat jumps in?
The door will not close completely after cat has used it. Any suggestions?
What are the exact measurements of this litter box? I know what it says in the description but if someone has measured the box and could tell me.
I've already purchased this pan but can't find replacement filters in this shape. Will any other Catit filter fit after I cut it to the right shape
I ordered this and the color says Gray but I got a taupe brown colored box. Anyone else?
I know this tank doesn't come with a heater, will I need one for tropical fish?
can you use this for a red earred slider turtle?
Does it come with extra filter catridges? If so, how many?
what type of fish are good for this aquarium?
Do you think this tank would be large enough for two male bettas (of course with a divider)?
It doesn't look like it comes with an air pump either does it?
Is this tank large enough for 2 very small feeder Goldfish? I have 1 in a 3.5 gallon right now &amp; he needs a friend. I change 2/3 of water 2x wk now.
If I find that the filtration isn't sufficient enough, would I be able to find something else that would still be able to fit? Modify anything else?
what all does it come with?
Can I use a bubble stone with this tank? Are the lights enclosed so they won't get wet?
Is the "lid/top" fully closed? No crack or gap for the betta to jump out of?
Does a heater come with the kit?
Can the bulb be replaced with something other than a non-incandescent bulb? The incandescent bulb makes the water unstable and stinky...more water changes are needed using an incandescent bulb.
What is the best way to clean this? or change the water?
Could you get led lighting for this tank?
does this come with an air pump or is that something sold seperate
how many gold fish can go in the tank
Can this tank be used for turtles?
is the light bar seperate from the lid?
i love this aquarium ,i need to buy a stand for this cos my new place requires it . any recommendations ?? thanks for reading !
Is this constructed of one piece of high density foam, or are three seperate pieces stuck together with Velcro?
Where can I get just the cover?
Where can I get a cover for my 4 stair steps just the cover!!
It says cover comes with, does it???
Do the filter trays have handles?
i need to find part for the 5 stage canister filter pump fish tank filter
Anyone have any idea what the head height is on this filter. ie if I place it on the floor how high will it pump up. I have a tall tank about 4'
I have a red eared slider. Will this be okay for her? She's a freshwater turtle
Would this be a good filter for a tank with sand substrate? My fishtank sand keeps clogging and damaging regular filters.
I need a filter for a turtle tank....any recommendations?
What is the capacity of this filter? I have a 100 gallon tank and four Pacu. I feed them vegetables and they are very hard on my filters.
Where do you get replacement parts for the pump? Not the filters, but the actual pump.
what is the diameter of the hoses?
Does anyone know whether this will remove skunk odor from carpet? The dog was sprayed and laid on the carpet.
Is this really a 2-pack? Or is it one package of product that contains 2 tablets (that make one 32oz bottle)?
can this work on baseboards (wood) and on plaster walls and painted furniture? One or perhaps two, of my cats spray.
Can I use this in a carpet shampoo machine?
I have not been able to get rid of cat urine odor on hardwood floors. Mixed Fizzion the way it said too. Any suggestions?
Does it make a lot of noise when the cats go through the door at night?
Can the flap be removed or raised?
Our basement has a portion that is unfinished. I'm looking to install a cat door that goes thru the wall. Will this work on a single sheet of drywall?
The door (actually a divider) I want to install this in is only 3/4" thick. How can I use this if it is thinner than 1.5" recommended?
Has anyone used this product in a wall?
I have a 15 pound kitty. He wont go into the door if it is a tight squeeze. I dont see a LARGE size? Will this work for him?
Would the medium door work for a 22 # cat?
What type of interior liner does the medium flap door have?
What is the exact size of the flap opening for the medium door and super large door?
Can I install it into the garage door?
what dimension opening is required for this door?
My door has a width of 4cm is this cat door suitable?
would this work installed in a sliding glass door to patio?
Will this work on a standard aluminum garage door paner which is much thinner than a standard entry door?
Can I use it in sliding window 13 in wide by 15 inches ht
Are there sides to this, as my door is hollow?
Trying to replace d/c door. Have wooden tunnel built through wall to outside deck. Would this flap be tight enough to keep out drafts?
Can this be used on an interior door?
Did this door swing both ways? Okay for kittens?
Can the magnetic strip be removed so that it doesn't make a sound as the cat is coming &amp; going? Cat doesn't like sound it makes (for interior door)
made in usa?
The Cadet Duck Breast Treats that I started buying from Costco did not have China listed anywhere on the package and I looked. Now it does from Amazon and our Costco isn't selling them. Does anyone know of a replacement product?
Has there been a recall on this product
Hello! Last time I ordered this from you, it was two bags of the duck BREAST STRIPS. Is this the same product? If so, I will buy.
wow, why so expensive?
I heard that some treats that say made in usa, are indeed, manufactured in usa, but the ingredients still come from china. anyone know about that?
Has anyone sued the cadet company or the supplier because of serious health problems
The bag with purple on top pink on bottom are the ones I get at costco. When I click on it, the picture of bag changes. Which product is it? Thanks
if it's from china i would not feed it to my dog,costco stopped selling chicken breast strips from china because of all the deaths of dogs from eati
is this product made in china
I read the reviews, all of whom used it for dogs. The package says it's for chickens, turkeys, etc... Which is it?
Do U post to Saudi Arabia ? and when the expiry date please?
what is the differance between this and a prescription only tylan poweder?
What is the expiration date on the tylan canister?
how well does it work on resperitory problems on chickens and peacocks
When the expiry date please?
What IS Tylan powder (what's it made of?) and does it work with young cats?
The tip of the metal bar shows signs of rust after 15 days. Should I be concerned? Is there a way to treat that without harming the birds?
My birdbath is only 11 inches high, will this unit work well with this height?
Regarding the rust, it may be the iron content in your water rather than the product itself? Is that probable since stainless steel doesn't rust?
How well does this work in winters where the temperature is regularly below freezing?
Do you have to use the dripper and does it tip over easy due to wind?
Can the drip rate be controlled?
Does the set-up come with everything needed, or is an extension cord needed for the plug? How far from unit does plug extend if there is one?
Does this hook up to a hose?
Is this solar or plug in?
How long is hose to bird bath dripper?
what are the exact dimensions?
Would it be OK to trim the mat, like cutting a few inches off one corner?
what is the size?
Is this made in the USA?
what size are the bowls - you state "holds 48 oz" - so is each bowl 24 oz?
what material are the bowls made out of?
What is the height ?
Do I need any other piece of equipment to run this, like a wavemaker, etc, or can I just plug it in and go?
What size and how many of these power heads should I get for 90 gallon reef
Will this item work on 220-240 V/50Hz power supply in New Zealand ? Thank You
Can I use the 1050 for a 40 gallon freshwater tank? I have an Oranda hybrid goldfish who poops alot.
What size and how many of these power heads should I get for 120 gallon freshwater
what size pump do I need for a 90 gal saltwater tank?
Would one of these be enough for a 65 gallon tank with only live rock. No coral
what size should I get if I have a 150 gallon tank?
I am setting up a 75 gallon reef tank, which one, and how many, should i get?
do i need a wave maker or can i just plug it in?
I have a 25-30 gallon tank, which option is best?
Does this unit require a controller, or can it be plugged directly into the wall?
What type of voltage does this use? is it dual volage.....110/220???
I have a 6ft 125 gallon freshwater tank i have already 1500 gph i need another one plz help
I have a 55 gal. saltwater tank with some coral what size pump do I need? Do I use two different size circulation pumps?
I have a 150 gal. 48w x 30h x 24d. fresh water. I'm thinking of getting 2x 850's one on each side w.a timer. Is the 850 enough or should I get 1050?
I have a 90 gallon aquarium cichlids, would this be good or should I get a larger flow model? Is it better to aim it up towards the tank surface?
Which size is best for a standard 55 gallon tank? I have clown loaches that like a current, but don't want to blow away my other tropical fish.
What are the dimensions?
i have a 75 gallon tank. i am not sure two small 750-850 one on each side or one 1050-1150 on one side
I would like to verify this is the new model (1500) that replaced the 1400 and not actually the 1400 model.
What voltage does it run on: 110v or 240v? Thanks
for 55 gallon tank is 2x Hydor Koralia 1500 too much or okay?
I need 220 volts
Which one are you selling the 1400 or the 1500, it is advertized as 1400-1500.
are the 1400/1500 the newer 1500 model. tough to tell from the listing
do u sale the parts ? i have old 1400, it's broke, need - ( impeller) -this part. i do'nt see sale item right here?
if i buy two for the wave maker will they run backwards like the cheep china knock offs?
Hi, would this be good for a 10 gallon nano reef? (20 x 10 x 13).
I have a salon &amp; the jets on a pedicure chair don't circulate water around the feet. Will this work on a temp basis?
I have a 30 gallon tank. I would like to know if this is too strong. If so is there one for a 30 gallon tank.
Any way to adjust the flow? (Adding a dimmer, maybe?) Turns out it's a little too much for my 55 gal.
how do you attach the magnets to the pump - doesn't seem to fit over the red button
Will shrimp get caught up in this circulation pump?
I have a 29 biocube,,,marine,,,will this work for me?
Does it require timer control unit, or can you just plug it into wall and it runs full throttle all day? Also would this be ok for a 20 gallon?
Would this create a solid but gentle flow in a 12 gal long Mr. Aqua? Approx 3 feet long?
it works from 220V?
Are these 4" rings or 7"? I'm assuming they're 4", right?
Are these made of felt?
does the bag bring two ?
What material are these made of?
what size are these?
What is length of sock? As other guy asked they are 4 inch the filter circle? I need 12 so they have to be correct size I need
Hi, are this bags the same as kithchen superbags to filter? can i use them to filter aliments?
what size filters if i want to buy replacements???? =)
is there a LED equivalent replacement bulb?
does it come with rocks and artificial plants???
what are some flaws about this product?
How often should I clean the tank with one Betta living in it? How often should the filter be changed?
Can you use the QuietFlow10 for this MiniBow? Cause the filter that came with the minibow suks alot. Like it leaks and then it shredded my bettas fin
My filter is getting dirty and causing the water to get nasty within a few days. What do I do?
What kind of maintenance does this set require?
Can you remove the filter and just use the hood or are they attached?
Replaced filter cartridge, water not going out down the waterfall as designed. After 1 week, filter is almost black on the entry spot. Help!
Do I need a pump to go with this or does it come with one?
Does this sump come with the piping/tubing that leads to and from the tank? Also, does it come with any of the water pumps or plumbing?
Whar are the dimentions of the middle section? I have an NWB-150 skimmer that I need to fit in there.
Will the Bubble magnus curve 5 with dimensions 7.28 x 7.08 x 18.5 fit in this sump?
what are the dimensions of the last section? I have an eheim pump that is 4 inches wide
what are the dimensions is it 11 inches wide?
Does it come with the socks
What filter sponge do I buy?
My tank seemed to have sprung a leak last night. Now I can't find it. Has anyone else had this problem?
I had it, and started doing a test run, and it was working splendidly. Then suddenly an hour in it stopped working- what do I do?
roughly how big is it base it on an object?
Is it too much flow rate for a 20 gallon long tank (which tends to be a shorter tank than say a standard 10 gal or 29 gal)?
will the pump work with 220v?
Will this blow my sand in a 20G long. Right now I have a power head that is creating my sand to get blown into a mountain and is creating spots at the bottom of the tank to not have sand there. Not sure if I should try this one or go with the 240.
Is it good for my Aqueon Evolve 4 Nano tank ? it has like 3-4 Gallon size.
for a 20 gallon saltwater tank should i have 1 or 2 of these?
are two nano 425 good size for 65 reef tank with a circulation pump rated at 780 gph?
Is it a standard plug or does it require to be hooked into a controller?
Is the Nano 425 a good size for my freshwater 65gallon tank? I am planting carpet HC. Or should i get the 900 one?
How many inches long is the power cord for this pump?
Im getting a 29g biocube. How many of these would I need? I want to keep some hard corals!
What is the amperage draw of this unit?
Does the controller make a clicking sound when it turns off and on?
Is it fully submersible?
i have a 375 gallon insulated homemade tank built from 4x4 lumber and a pond liner, can this heater can keep the temp at around 75? it in 60*basement
Is the 800 watt heater appropriate for a 75 gallon tank? The room temperature is usually about 60 degrees in winter. Thanks!
Does this specific unit come with the actual heater. Where I can start using when I get it or do I need to buy the heating element?
what is the max. temp. this will keep?
Would this be okay to heat up a small outdoor pond? Its about 300 gallons. I wouldnt plan to leave it outdoors full time.
What does "Additional heating units may be required and discouraged from using..." mean (from the description)? Two units won't work in one tank?
Are these made in the USA?
What size is this?? The order I recieved states that this is 3oz, not 4oz.
Do these need to be refrigerated?
Descriptions ays "...no &lt;i&gt;artificial&lt;/i&gt; preservatives. Are there any preservatives, and if so, what?
The two dogs that I would be purchasing these collars for are about 20-30 lbs, my concern is that the collar will be to large for them....thoughts?
How long do the collars and transmitter hold a charge? (assuming a good battery and full charge)
Do you set level per dog and it's locked at that or do you have to change stimulation each time if your dogs need different levels?
One collar no longer works. Can I purchase an additional collar to replace it without having to buy a whole new set?
Does it come with a charger?
I have a 100 lb dog with a pretty thick neck. I just wanna know how long the collars are.
I need to stop my 2 females from fighting. Will this work?
this says it is made for smaller dogs.....i have two 60 lbs dogs that i am wanting to know if this will work for?
once the dogs are trained with these collars do they always need to have them on?
Is it possible to put 2 receivers on one collar. I like the LED display and the smaller size receivers.
Does the kit come with anything other than the clippers?
Would you recommend this clippers for a cocker spaniel with lots of hair?
is it noisey
Is the blade adjustable; if so, do the adjustment sizes cut effectively?
would these work on my Newfoundland?
Would you recommend this clipper for cats with short hair?
Would these clippers work on thick wavy/wiry fur; like for a labadoddle?
will it cut a german shepard an aussie
can anyone tell me the difference between this model and the 8892-300?
Hi i am live in New Zealand do you think this would work over here with a converter or would the power be different . Thanks melissa
Does anyone use this clippers on Pomeranians?
I need to know what is the voltage at which must be connected this clipper, if only accepts 110V or can be connected to 220V
would these work well on a medium-long haired st bernard mix?
I'm concerned about the reviewer who said that the clippers became hot quickly. Has this been a problem for anyone else? Thanks in advance! Glenda
Does the hair need to be dry before clipping?
Does it work well on really fine hair?
how do I get a replacement on one of the attachments?
How long would you say it takes for the clippers to get too hot? I'd rather not have to stop and start and stop and start.
Can I use these on people?
Does this work on cats with matted fur?
Hi, currently brushing my dog's teeth with Sentry Petrodex: Enzymatic Toothpaste (chicken flavor) and was looking for an alternative toothpaste/gel. Can anyone provide the specific directions on the label and how often should you use it? Thanks :D!
what are the ingredients?
how do you get the gel out of the nozzle,no matter how hard i squeeze it,it stays in the bottle and none comes out the nozzle,is there a trick to it?
Is this brushless?
How soon do you see results from tarter an plaque?
My dog has gingivitis. Will this actually clear plaque and tartar also, help with gums and gingivitis? Thanks,
Is this for 4 oz. or 6 oz. size bottle? Both sizes are listed in ad. Thanks.
Which cleans fastest, gel, foam or water additive? Do I start with gel or foam then add water additive after teeth are clean?
on description next to no brushing says this is a water additive. yes/no?
Cats
Can I put this in my Hoover carpet cleaner?
it does come with the sprayer connection, correct? TY
so whats the difference between the regular formula and the pet formula? what does the pet fomula smell like?
Be alright for light colored carpet?
does it get rid of the urine smell?
Does the neckline area go much beyond the hood attachment point? Would anyone post a picture without the hood? Thanks.
can the medium fit my dog. He is 16 inces long
Will a medium fit an 19 lbs puggle
How frequently do they recommend to change the filter?
Does the water gush out like a real fountain or flow gently? I need something more subtle or my cat won't use it.
Is it supposed to be this noisy? Does anyone know how to calibrate this unit???
Pioneer Pet Stainless replacement filters
I see a few posters have recommended distilled water. Why distilled? Don't you mean filtered water? Doesn't distilled water have a funny taste?
Pioneer Pet Stainless Steel Fountain Raindrop Design: Anyone know if there is a replacement pump can be bought?
Will this fountain develop lime or mineral build up from the hard water where I live? The plastic fountain we use now gets a build up.
Cleaning: Any other suggestions?
Loved the fountain until 45 days later the pump quit. How do I get a replacement and is there a warranty?
I've never had a fountain before. Does this (or any other) fountain have some sort of automatic shut off if water level gets too low? If not, is mot
what is the dimension of the pedestal?
ARE THESE ITEMS CERMAIC?
I wanted to use this bird bath as a craft project. Would it be possible to glue mosaic tiles onto this bird bath?
Shipping We are looking to buy this for a Girl Scout project. I think this would work but the shipping is triple what the price of the product is. Is there a way to get the shipping knocked off or dropped down? I mean we are using this as a Daisy...
How do you add food for feeding if used as an "outside" box from an opening already on the cage? Does unit need to come off to refill, &amp;how difficult?
I've had this feeder for three days. I have four cockatiels. They still haven't found the food. Any ideas?
Would this Bird Feeder work with This Cage? Cage : http://www.amazon.com/Opening-Victori... Also, I'm getting a Parrotlet, not too much info about them in the comments, has anyone enjoyed this with a Parrotlet? I'm having to get him a slightly smaller...
WOULD IT BE SUITABLE FOR AN ENGLISH BUDGIE?
I have a really destructive, escape prone African Grey. Would he not be able to lift up the feeder and escape?
Will this also hold water?
I have a mourning dove. Has anyone successfully used the small one for a bird this size?
Can this be used for larger birds?
does it come with a boddingtons?
would one small sized container suitable for 2 parakeets?
Hello, I want to order this muzzle for my Husky who weighs 90lb, she is big and my Border Collie is small and thin for her breed.
If my dogs snout is 13 inches will No 10 be big enough?
Sorry he is an Australian Cattle Dog. =} ?
How do I know what size for my Australian Shepard? His muzzles is 9" just below his eyes.
can it be used on a cat
I wonder what the anti-fungal ingredient is? expected to see miconazole or clotrimazole in ingredients
what is the % of Chlorhexidine Gluconate in this product?
is safe from licking? the product doesn't show if non toxic nor safety instruction.
Anyone used this for ringworm black spots and how is it? What % of chlorhexidene gluconate does it have? One from my vet is 2%.
Does it burn at all? And will it deter her from licking the wound?
Do you spray this all over the dog, or is it just for localized itchy areas?
How do I use this? I bathe my dog w/ Malaseb shampoo 1x/week. Can I spray this on the scabbed areas after the bath, leaving it on? Or do I rinse it?
Is it okay if I spray this inside of ear? That is the spot he always tries to scratch.
Is this scented?
I see that it says effective against fungal problems, but is it only to ease the symptoms, or will it actually kill fungus?
How does this compare to EQyss Micro-Tek Medicated Pet Shampoo?
My dog is part pit and st. bernard . He smells awful, fur feels greasy, sheds a ton (he's short-hair). Vet found nothing wrong. Will this help?
Will it get rid of Scabies mites on humans?
I have a 14 mth old Shar Pei who has skin issues. Right after I brought her home she had puppy mainge &amp; lost most of her hair. She has been on 3 different antibiotics &amp; this shampoo from the Drs office. It works really well &amp; we thought she was finally...
Does anyone know how this compares to Malasab??
Does this help with fleas?
What is the coal tar content?
is this product okay for my english bulldog
Is this safe to use on white fur or will the coal tar stain it?
please tell me the diameter of the perch.
Do you have to attach the toy holder to the top? Also, I have an African grey who loves to fly. Is it sturdy enough for him to land on without tipping
Can your parrot climb down and get to the floor? I specifically want one where my amazon cannot get to the floor.
is the pan plastic or metal?
Would this be good for a cockatiel?
How do you clean the round tray?
How tall is the perch? I'm in a wheelchair and my cockatoo gets an attitude if he is to much taller than me.
Is there enough space between the perch and the toy holder/hooks for the bird to move around? In the picture, it appears as if the replica macaw does not have much space between the perch and toy hook. Thanks
weight of stand. Need to pick up to take outside.
how far is it from the dowel perch to the toy hanging tod with the loops?
How do you calculate size for a miniature horse?
Does this blanket have fill? If so, how many grams? Thanks!
how to take the measurement?
How long is the blanket drop from the center of the back to the bottom of the side?
is it breathable and what is the temp. range for this blanket?
How quickly can you ship? I have just rescued a mini in bad shape and need the blanket ASAP - zip code is 27295 Thanks
How do you measure a donkey for a turnout blanket?
With this work with the Petsafe Yardmax collar, Model number PIG00-11115? Also, will this collar fit my 125lb dog?
Will this fit a SportDog 425?
Will this fit the Innotek UltraSmart terminals? I can secure it to the unit but would like to know if the holes will fit the terminals on the innotek
will this strap fit Perimeter Technologies pfs-003 receiver?
Would this strap work with receiver RSC IF -275?
What size is this? We need a small dog collar , 18 lb Lhasa Alpo
is this for a small, medium, or large dog?
What is the length of this strap?
How many pellets do you typically feed your betta a day? How many times a day? Mine acts like he will never see food again, so I can't gauge the amount by him... Thanks for all the responses. My betta never loses interest...as soon as he sees me he...
Does New Life Spectrum contain Epoxyquin in the ingredients?
What is the expiration date on the regular (as pictured) 60g tub Betta Formula?
Is New Life item pictured, 60 grams, regular Betta Formula the one you are receiving when ordering from Amazon?
SURVEY: When ordered, which bottle of LFS did you receive? 1) The item pictured, 60 grams betta formula. 2) The "high concentration formula" 50 grams, larger pellet size?
SURVEY: When ordered, which bottle of LFS did you receive?
I see there are mix reviews on this floating vs sinking and the size has increased on the pellets. Is this the same as NLS Small fish form?
For a little betta, this food would last a lifetime if it stayed fresh. Any suggestions such as freezing and only leaving out a month or two supply?
Does the betta formula contain garlic (Allium)?
what is the first ingredient in this food it should be meat ..before i buy i need to know what the first ingredient is.. thanks..
Can you use this to feed baby brine shrimp for them to grow to adulthood?
Would this be a good food for baby betta fry
so this is small enough for newborn fry to eat?
it's good enough for discus fry.
is this a good food for guppy fry?
I was hoping to use this as a suppliment for freshwater clams. I was just wondering if there is any copper in it?
Will this be good for Angelfish fry?
What carbon do you use for replacement?
How many ounces of activated carbon do you put in after each change?
This 3 month supply of carbon is almost never available! Is there anywhere else I can purchase this stuff? This is so frustrating :/
Is the plastic in this product BPA free ?
Does this filter work with the regular plastic Drinkwell 360? ( not the stainless steel one)
It has been recommended by my vet to use distilled water for my cats due to urine crystals. In this case, how often would I need to change carbon?
Will this reusable filter work with the Drinkwell Pagoda or Avalon Fountains?
other than soap, water, brushing, what is safe to use to clean the top and bottom?
What is the best way to clean the top and bottom plastic?
I bought one of these last year and just broke the glass. Is the replacement glass only available? I don't need the carbon or the top/bottom parts.
I have a Pet Smart RFA-472 Collar with Remote. Will this fit and what is length? Thanks
I have a little Yorkie and a small Maltese. Their straps are worn out. Will this fit dogs that small? It looks the same.
will it work with inviaible fence receivers?
What size is this? Large or medium?
How do you remove the receiver?
Will this work with the Pet Safe wireless pet containment system?
How far apart are the 2 holes? Will the collar accomodate an invisible fence receiver?
will this also work on petsafe basic bark collar? Thanks
what is size? small/med/or lg?
how do you attach the receiver to the collar?
Will it work to replace the wireless fence collar as well?
I need a replacement for a Petsafe bark collar which has three holes. How far apart are these two holes spaced? Can I make another hole successfully?
What is the width of the collar? I am looking for one that is !/2"
WIll this fit the Petsafe fence model ul275bm?
Will this be too big for a jack Russell? (15lbs)
We have mini schnauzers.....what is the product number for that size replacement strap and we will order those from you?,
what size dog will it fit?
will this work with the canine company micro lite receiver?
What is the length or size of the replacement strap? I have a Lab puppy who quickly out grew the original collar. Pup is wearing 16" collar now.
Has anyone tried this on a pet stop fence receiver? Or can you tell me what the distance is between the hole centers?
We have the Pet Safe that uses the sensor in the home to control the control....does this work with this? Pls tell me it does!!
Does this fit the Invisible Fence brand. The prongs on my unit are 1 3/4 inches apart.
Are there instructions how to remove/replace the doodad on the collar?
Will this collar fit a 70# dog?
I'm looking for a replacement collar for the Pet Safe stubborn dog fence. Will this work? We have an 80 lb. Labrador?
Does this fit the Invisible Fence Platinum A21 model? It appears that the posts on this model, center to center, are 1 5/8 apart. Thanks!
does this work with the pif 275 collar
Does this collar work on the Pet Safe model RFA-472?
Will it fit the Perimeter Technology Electronic Fence receiver?
Will this collar fit the PIF 300?
I was concerned where this product was actually made, a lot of the products are made in China (but Distributed USA) With the issues of illness in dogs
What is this toy made of? Plastic? Wood?
Have the sharp edges on this product been fixed?
Has anyone used this toy with a cat?
Is this formula the same as the ready to use spray, just more concentrated? I want to use on upholstery and to mop tile.
Could this double as a multi purpose/laundry solution?
is this formula the same as the ready to use spray but just more concentrated?
how many ounces total is this?
Has anyone used this on a microfiber sofa?
does this work in steam cleaners
Does this include four bottles or one
Do you dilute with water or use as is?
What kind of bedding would we use in a incubator to hatch snapping turtle eggs?
Would this work for chicken and turkey eggs?
I'm worried about the eggs going dry, is this incubator all I need to produce Leopard tortoise eggs successfully or should I get some Vermiculite.
what kind of containers should I use to hold the vermiculite and eggs? I am hatching bearded dragons
how many eggs can fit in it at one time
can i hatch ball python eggs in it
What is the tempter for crested geckos eggs
do you have it on 220volts?i'm planning to have one thanks
What Is The Tempter For Girl Leopard Gecko Eggs?
Does this include the hatching cups and substrate like the picture shows?
This may seem like an odd question, but does it kill bees? With the reduction in honeybees, I don't want to use it if it's going to kill bees as well
how long does one treatment last?
Can I use the Vets Best yard spay inside my home and on my pets bedding as it is or do I need to dilute it?
is this a hose attachment application?
Should this be used around dogs under 12 weeks?
If you spray your entire yard, won't it deter spiders, which eat insects? Seems like your flying insect count would go up.
I accidentally bought the "kennel" version instead of the one to spray on bedding and animals. instead of returning it is there a way to dilute it?
Is this safe to use around fruit trees??
Does this product harm crickets, toads or frogs?
Does this product kill grass?
how do i determine appropriate size easy walk dog harness? Have long legged (border collie height) slender, deep chested cross-bred rescue dog.
Is the reflective leash included in the package with this harness?
we have a corgi-kinda odd body type think this would work?
What is the difference between this one and the 17.99 one?
Hi, can anyone please tell me how wide and how long the accompanying leash is? ALSO...from your experience how reflective is this product?
does this harness irritate short coated hair skin?, primarily on the under belly?
does this harness come mm with the leash?
I have a 25 lb miniature schnauzer and a 25 lb cockapoo... What sizes should I order?
Do you require a prescription for this purchase?
Are the 6oz Royal Canin Renal LP Cat Food cans Morsals in Gravy? The 3oz cans are advertised as such, but I can't tell on these larger ones. Thanks!
Can you please tell me if you can buy this in the UK? Thanks very much Kathleen
can you buy it without a prescription
Is it easier to use the gel or the spray when using for cats?
are their Essential Oils (EO's) in this? I'm reading that EO's are very bad or cats.
What are the active Ingredients? I see great reviews but I would like to know whats in a product before I use it.
how does leba 111work for cats?
is 425mg available in chewable at this price
How many milligrams is one chewable tablet?
What is the date code on these 225mg Denamarin?
Do you ship in the Philippines?
what is the dosage for 50# dog?
chewable versus regular?
What is exp date for product offered as of 14 FEB 2015?
Is there an expiration date on these? Is it better to keep unopened bottles refrigerated?
How many chewable for large dogs?
SO are these expired or do you have a new shipment? If you have a new shipment what is the expiration date?
Does this work in a 2010 Chevy traverse?
Does this work in a Honda CRV (2010)?
Has anyone used this on a Honda Odyssey between the rear back seats and the cargo area?
Does this require removable headrests, or are the connectors a two part design that snap together over the headrest posts?
Does it allow the seats to move?
Does this fit for a 2012 Honda Pilot?
Does this fit in a chevy suburban?
does it work in a subaru 2012 forestor
This would be perfect if it was shorter. I need 8 inches maximum from the headrest bars, any ideas. I have an '03 Civic SI (hatchback). I really like this design, i hope theres a product right for me.
Does this work in a GMC Acadia with 2nd row captain chairs? Not seeing anything to "block" the area between the 2nd row captain chairs the cargo area
Does this come with a charging station and DVD - The description doesn't say
Does this unit have lithium ion batteries?
Is a collar included with the purchase?
Has anyone used this for an older dog? Do they enjoy just as much?
My dog won't touch it. I put some of her favorite treats inside. She tries moving it around, but she gives up when nothing comes out. Any suggestions?
Do you think Sm or Lg is best for 22 lb Beagle mix who picks up her treat toys and bounces them on the floor? which I want to avoid.
Will this be too small for a 200lb English Mastiff??
Once the treats dwindle down and don't come out as easily, my dog resorts to chewing it to break it (doberman), any suggestions?
Is the small one too small for a big lab...I'm thinking the larger hole on the large one will let the kibble out too easily.
How large/small is the hole? We use Blue Buffalo dog food. Will it just pour out of the hole?
My search was for cat toys. Why is Amazon listing this as a cat toy?
since the IQ treat ball is plastic will a large dog break it
how do u clean it?
which size to buy - 3" or 5" - for 14lb adult bichon frise?
Is this toy loud when your dog pushes it around on wood floors? (we can't handle the super loud noise of the PetSafe Busy Buddy Kibble Egg shaped toy when our dog knocks it around, he loves it, but we would like a quieter alternative...)
Size wise, is the 3" version about the same as a tennis ball? I want something that my dog can hold without issue, but also not be able to swallow.
where is it made
Is this a messy Toy? Has anyone experienced this problem?
Is this made in the US?
Does this work well for "toy" breeds? I noticed some of the comments/reviews said it got stuck on their dogs teeth?
Can the 5" hold 1/2 cup food?
since the IQ treat ball is plastic will a large dog break it
how do u clean it?
which size to buy - 3" or 5" - for 14lb adult bichon frise?
Is this toy loud when your dog pushes it around on wood floors? (we can't handle the super loud noise of the PetSafe Busy Buddy Kibble Egg shaped toy when our dog knocks it around, he loves it, but we would like a quieter alternative...)
Size wise, is the 3" version about the same as a tennis ball? I want something that my dog can hold without issue, but also not be able to swallow.
where is it made
Is this a messy Toy? Has anyone experienced this problem?
Is this made in the US?
Does this work well for "toy" breeds? I noticed some of the comments/reviews said it got stuck on their dogs teeth?
Can the 5" hold 1/2 cup food?
Do the bells come with training instructions?
Our 4 month old 'rescue', Doxie/Cocker, is a chewer. Is the strap sturdy? Training is slow, but he is smart &amp; willing.
How loud is the bell? We have a similar product from petco, but you have to be right there to hear it when the dog rings it.
What is it made of?
What is it made of?
how long is the mdeium?
how long is the large?
Does it fray?
Does anyone know hwo long the X-large is? My mastiff's neck is about 23 inches. Thanks in advance!
Would you recommend it for a Shih Tzu? And if so, what size would you recommend?
100% US beef BUT is it made/processed in the USA? (many companies send it to China, and that's when the chews become tainted) Anyone know?
I have multiple dogs. About how many chips come in the the wholesome 1 lb bag?
Approximately how thick and how long and wide are these "Chips"? Thanks
Company is in Texas, but are treats made in Texas? (or China)
Why does the bag pictured state 87 calories per serving if this is "low calorie"?
Where are these made? Where are they from?
Are these hard or soft? I have a 12 year old shih tsu with aging teeth?
There are a few ingredients that I don't recognize......do these have any dyes in them?
Are these proven to reduce tartar?
was it made in the USA?
is it made in the USA
Where are these toys made?
do you only get one for $10.00?
Do you have to wash after each use or if not, how many times can a small dog go before it needs washing?
Was thinking of using these to protect my new floors NOT from pee, but for putting the water dish on to help absorb the splashes and dribbles. Do you think these would work? We use a large water bowl.
How do you dry these?
Love these! What temp do you wash them in?
Did anyone have an issue where their puppy shredded the disposable pads, now purchased these and has not had a problem? Pad Shredding is our issue
What is the top material made of? It just states quilted material but I would like to know what type of material.
Can someone tell me how thick these pads are? as in for bedding for weaning puppies to be on?
Hello! how many washes is designed diaper?
Has anyone used this product with pee-pad trays? Specifically the regular sized "IRIS Puppy and Dog Training Pad Holder"?
Does anyone have experience with an older dog (about 45 lbs.) who is losing the ability to wait until she gets home from work?
Do they put any kind of scent on the pad to attract the puppies?
Can these be washe dwith bleach?
Is there one per package for this price? Someone in the reviews mentioned two per package.
Can I put these in the dryer and if so what temp? Thanks!
To help make the back better waterproof could you spray back with something like scotch guard?
Can I cut this to fit at the bottom of a cage?
can you use this product with a heated whelping nest?
can you fold these pads to fit a slitely smaller area than the length of the pads?
How do people wash these? If it is in a washing machine, have you noticed if it starts to make your washer small after frequent washes?
how many pads are in one package
Anyone use these in a small apartment? What suggestions do you have for storing used pads until you get to wash them? Thank you.
I have washed mine in rather washing machine, and it still has urine smell. What should I use in order to eliminate the urine odor still on the pad?
I know that this is used for dogs when they urinate but what about poop? Can they poop on the pad?
How many come in a pack?
Do EZ Whelp pads shrink after multiple launderings?
Would these work for an outdoor location? I'm thinking pad holder + these on my balcony. Any reason that wouldn't work?
Is there anything that attracts the dog to this pad? My dog tears up the disposable ones and I'm still having a hard time training him.
Do I put the pad under the artificial turf or use it by itself in place of the pee pads?
What is the actual color of this mat, beige, brown, or a combo?
Is it machine washable?
Length and width?
What is the mat made of? If there any rubber in it? My cat doesn't seem to like rubber. Thanks!
Will cats scratch up the material?
Can it be cut down to size without unraveling/fraying ? Thanks.
What is the backing? Is it non-slip rubber?
When mt cat over shoots the litter box how absorbant is this pad?
how large is it?
what is the size of this mat ?
What are the steps made of?
How high is the top step?
What are the dimensions?
Are there 2 different models? The photo shows a 2-step stair. The one that came has 3 steps, and the top step is too high.
Once opened, how long will these last in the refrigerator before they spoil?
is it OK. to leave the hearts in the bowl of my cat mixed with her foods and water for 8 hours when I work. It is raw meat and I worry that get spoile
Are these made in the U.S. with U.S. ingredients?
Descriptions ays "...no &lt;i&gt;artificial&lt;/i&gt; preservatives. Are there preservatives, and if so, what?
How many ounces in the bag?
What can be done to seal the end of the collar to keep it from fraying when it is cut off. Way too big now.
How do i remove the transmitter from the original collar to put it on the new one?
Would this strap be compatible with Petsafe PIF-300 (not listed above)
Will this work with an invisible fence receiver?
Is it long enough for a Labrador Retriever?
Does it have a place to slide the antenna in from the box?
What is the width of this collar? Most that I find are only 3/4 in and I'm looking for more along the lines of 1 in.
Will this fit an invisible fence reciever?
Will this fit an invisible fence reciever?
Would this fit a large Great Dane?
I would like to get this so my cat would play with it while I'm at work. Would I need to worry about him getting his paw stuck in the string?
I have a large cat and I am wondering if he will be able to get into the house area .... How big is the opening?
I lost the tool to tighten the bolts. Does anyone know the name of that little tool that came with it originally? Thanks!
What is the distance between first platform and the second platform?
My previous cat tree, made of carpet, is falling apart from my cats' scratching. Does this material last long?
Is it steardy
How do you attach the hanging toy that comes with the cat tree?
My male cat is huge at 18 lbs. will this be sturdy enough for him?
Anybody know the exact size of the box it comes in, for shipping purposes? Looked all over the reviews but some mention weight, not size... Thanks!
Older consumer. Is it difficult to assemble and how long? Have 3 cats. Two fairly lg. males and small female. Fun for all?
Can these beds support a 90lb mastiff?
Is the cover machine washable?
Is the skid free base raised dots or a solid rubber/latex backing? I need air to flow beneath the bed
I am sensitive to chemical smells. does this bed have a chemical odor when first opened? Does the foam have an odor?
tIs it possible to order the cover only? My dog chewed a hole in the corner and the zipper pull came off &amp; I can't remove it to wash.
Is it made in the USA ?
how fast does this product ship out? i see it says 4 to 6 weeks but is has amazon prime.
Is this made in the USA
Does it smell like cedar? or have cedar chips inside?
Do you sell replacement covers?
what are the dimensions of the bed on top?
Are the sides carpet?
What happens if this sits outside and gets wet a lot?
What is the weight limit on the upper hanging basket for the 78 x 42 x 26 version? I have a 22lb. very active cat.
Can you tell me what the dimensions of the two top posts that the cat would lay on? Thanks
does it come assembled or not
Would this be a good tree for a large cat?
My cat has destroyed the 23" scratching post. Is there replacement parts ? I would hate to have to buy another house because of that one post.
For the model that's 42x26x78, are the base dimensions (24x20) accurate? I'm trying to fit this into a tight corner.
Is this tree easy for an older cat to climb each level?
I would like to get this so my cat would play with it while I'm at work. Would I need to worry about him getting his paw stuck in the string?
I have a large cat and I am wondering if he will be able to get into the house area .... How big is the opening?
I lost the tool to tighten the bolts. Does anyone know the name of that little tool that came with it originally? Thanks!
What is the distance between first platform and the second platform?
My previous cat tree, made of carpet, is falling apart from my cats' scratching. Does this material last long?
Is it steardy
How do you attach the hanging toy that comes with the cat tree?
My male cat is huge at 18 lbs. will this be sturdy enough for him?
Anybody know the exact size of the box it comes in, for shipping purposes? Looked all over the reviews but some mention weight, not size... Thanks!
Older consumer. Is it difficult to assemble and how long? Have 3 cats. Two fairly lg. males and small female. Fun for all?
I would like to get this so my cat would play with it while I'm at work. Would I need to worry about him getting his paw stuck in the string?
I have a large cat and I am wondering if he will be able to get into the house area .... How big is the opening?
I lost the tool to tighten the bolts. Does anyone know the name of that little tool that came with it originally? Thanks!
What is the distance between first platform and the second platform?
My previous cat tree, made of carpet, is falling apart from my cats' scratching. Does this material last long?
Is it steardy
How do you attach the hanging toy that comes with the cat tree?
My male cat is huge at 18 lbs. will this be sturdy enough for him?
Anybody know the exact size of the box it comes in, for shipping purposes? Looked all over the reviews but some mention weight, not size... Thanks!
Older consumer. Is it difficult to assemble and how long? Have 3 cats. Two fairly lg. males and small female. Fun for all?
Could an overweight, elderly, CLAWLESS cat enjoy this? Could she reach the 2nd level? She needs exercise. (She can jump up onto the bathroom sink.)
Are Armarkat cat tree condos and products American made?
Do the dimensions - 50x26x74 - apply to the base or to the fullest part of the tree? I'm interested to hear about sturdiness and stability.
What are the dimensions of the condo/house? I have a large cat, he's only two and still growing. I want to make sure he can fit inside the house.
Is it made of wood.
Needs to see out a high window -How many inches from floor to the bottom level of the UPPER cubby hole?
How are the ramps put on? Do they just sit there or somehow anchored.
Has anyone found a good way to remove stains on this cat tree?
which cat tree would be best for holding 2 Maine Coons?
Are the UNDER-sides of each of the platforms covered, or is it bare-wood? Also, the "faux fur".... seems slippery?
is this pet bed machine washable???
Are the dimensions for the outside of the bed? Or the inside?
good for older cats?
You say take out the pillow and wash. Wash the pillow or wash the Bed or can you wash both?
I have a 7lb little dog. I also have hardwood floors so need a bed that is very thick and comfy. Is this bed very thick?
How tall is the entrance on it? It isn't 8 inches also, is it?
My dog likes to dig as nests. Will the material hold up to that?
What size would I need for a 50 lb. shepherd mix?
Easy for travel?
I have two 9 month old sister cats who like to sleep together and have outgrown their current beds. Will they both be able to fit in this bed?
what are the dimensions of the bed on top?
Are the sides carpet?
What happens if this sits outside and gets wet a lot?
What is the weight limit on the upper hanging basket for the 78 x 42 x 26 version? I have a 22lb. very active cat.
Can you tell me what the dimensions of the two top posts that the cat would lay on? Thanks
does it come assembled or not
Would this be a good tree for a large cat?
My cat has destroyed the 23" scratching post. Is there replacement parts ? I would hate to have to buy another house because of that one post.
For the model that's 42x26x78, are the base dimensions (24x20) accurate? I'm trying to fit this into a tight corner.
Is this tree easy for an older cat to climb each level?
We are looking for a tree with a safer and roomy platform to platform climbing for two less agile 18 pound cats. What is the safest tree for this?
Have a total of 7 cats! I am concerned about it getting toppled over. Is there a way to fasten down to wall or ceiling?
how far from the ground is the bottom of the cubby hole? He needs to see out of a high window.
How big is the basket at the bottom? Can a 9.5 cat fit in it?
How dark is the color? The description says it is beige but it looks more goldenrod, which I don't care for. Thanks.
How do you hang the toys? We got the 53 X 22 X 72 model.
How sturdy are these? We have two very large 18 lb cats, and our current tree wobbles so much, they won't touch it.
What are demensions of the top perches?
the product picture does not match the picture used for "product description"?
What is the size of the shelves and the house?
Can anyone please give me the inside measurements? Where my dog will be laying. Thanks!
Where is this item made? Is it made in China or made in the USA?
Is the 22" L X 19" W X 8" H size fit well for a beagle (22lbs)?
Does the hair vacuum off easily? I have one now, the underneath is impossible to get hair out of.
DOES THE BED HAVE ZIPPER
Does the liner on the bed have a zipper to remove for washing?
Any owner have a small dog that is a good jumper? I'm hoping to giv my cats a place to feel safe from the energetic dog. :)
My male cat is long &amp; weighs 12 lbs; will he fit &amp; be comfortable; Lulu female is smaller so I think she'd be ok
Are the base dimensions really 24 x 20 on the 32"(L)X27"(W)X78"(H) model? Where do the dimensions spread out to 32 x 27 - at the very top? Thx!!
Can this be easily dismantled and reassembled since I am planning to move within the year?
On the Ivory one, is it easy for cats to jump from one level to the next?
Can this tree be easily climbed by my cat with no front claws?
Is it a true ivory color? One reviewer said it looked pink. **Thanks everyone. Ordered it and it's here and we put it together. The color is ivory and very nice.
I have a quest on how this is configurable, the customer J.Blair expressed it was and before purchasing it I'd like to know how PLEASE!!
My cat is 15 lbs, and tends to throw himself onto things. Will this be sturdy enough?
no front claws will he have trouble climbing it?
Is the entire product washable in hot water or only the base?
Has anyone washed the outer shell yet? How did it turn out?
Are there replacement cushions for purchase? I have two of these and my cats love to knead on them.
What are the actual measurements for this brown/beige cave bed? I want to be sure it will fit my 11lb cat.
Does this have a thick and soft bottom that won't become a thin "nothing" when kitty gains weight? Most beds look fluffy until a cat lays on it.
Can this be put in a dryer?
How about an 8.5 Papillon? He likes to feel snuggled! Also, just double-checking, some places say this is pink, others brown and photos are brown.
looking for a cat bed that stands up strong, and has a cushion inside that can be washed, Are there any out there????
Would a heating pad work in this or would it be a fire hazard? What's the underside like, is it thick or thin plastic?
Do you think an 18 pound dog (maltese/poodle) mix would fit in this?
what are the dimensions of the bed on top?
Are the sides carpet?
What happens if this sits outside and gets wet a lot?
What is the weight limit on the upper hanging basket for the 78 x 42 x 26 version? I have a 22lb. very active cat.
Can you tell me what the dimensions of the two top posts that the cat would lay on? Thanks
does it come assembled or not
Would this be a good tree for a large cat?
My cat has destroyed the 23" scratching post. Is there replacement parts ? I would hate to have to buy another house because of that one post.
For the model that's 42x26x78, are the base dimensions (24x20) accurate? I'm trying to fit this into a tight corner.
Is this tree easy for an older cat to climb each level?
Will the cover withstand a dog scratching at it and circling before lying down? We have had a canvas cover for years and it has finally worn out.
Does the dog come with
Is the material of the cover itself fairly thick? My dogs only issue is that he ends up wearing holes in the tops of lower quality beds.
will the 39 inch be large enough for my 90lb sheperd?
Can the inside pillow be washed or just the cover?
Is it easy to clean ...as far as accidental potty situations? Does it leak all the way through? Can the cover be removed and washed in a small size washer?
Does it have all cedar filling?
Do you sell a replacement cover? My dog destroyed the zipper on the cover, but the insert is still intact.
I am looking for a bed that can be cleaned by washing the cover, but not having exposed filler/fluff. Can someone describe what is waterproof?
Is this a sturdy tree? my cat loves to run fast and climb things and I am afraid he may knock it over by climbing it too fast
Are the posts made of sisal rope?
How high is the lowest platform from the ground? I have an older cat that can't jump very high. My younger cats would love the higher ones!
How is this item for cats that do not have front claws?
How would you describe the color of this tree? I'm wanting a neutral modern white on to match my decor. (trying to stay away from yellow and pink undertones). Thanks!
will this hold a 20lb cat?
this would be my first tree 2 of my cats are declawed (they came that way) and my other cat has her claws - so question is do the clawless cats have trouble climbing it
Just built my platform but I'm unsure where I'm supposed to attach the toys. What is it supposed to tie onto? Thanks!
How does the ball attach?
On the photo, the landings look pink...are they "pink"?
what are the dimensions of the bed on top?
Are the sides carpet?
What happens if this sits outside and gets wet a lot?
What is the weight limit on the upper hanging basket for the 78 x 42 x 26 version? I have a 22lb. very active cat.
Can you tell me what the dimensions of the two top posts that the cat would lay on? Thanks
does it come assembled or not
Would this be a good tree for a large cat?
My cat has destroyed the 23" scratching post. Is there replacement parts ? I would hate to have to buy another house because of that one post.
For the model that's 42x26x78, are the base dimensions (24x20) accurate? I'm trying to fit this into a tight corner.
Is this tree easy for an older cat to climb each level?
1. Will a 13 pound Maine Coon fit on the top levels if she curls up? 2. Are all of the legs (top and bottom ones) the same size?
Does anyone know if the 24"(L)X22"(W)X53"(H) cat tree has a pink tone to it or is that just the picture?
How tall are the ground level sisal posts (on the 24x22x53" version - the compact one that comes with a ramp)?
So my cat wants nothing to do with this thing. He's got no interest. Tips?
What are the dimensions of the top shelf?
hi! i would like to know the size and weight of the box (package). tnks 4 yr prmpt answer.
are scratching posts made of tight sisal and will a 13# cat fit in all parts of tower
Are the scratching posts covered in sisal rope or fleece/carpet?
What are the demensions of the base?
how is this for bigger cats...? My cat is about 12-13lbs and about 3 years old. but loves to climbs things and likes anything comfy/fluffy.
what are the dimensions of the bed on top?
Are the sides carpet?
What happens if this sits outside and gets wet a lot?
What is the weight limit on the upper hanging basket for the 78 x 42 x 26 version? I have a 22lb. very active cat.
Can you tell me what the dimensions of the two top posts that the cat would lay on? Thanks
does it come assembled or not
Would this be a good tree for a large cat?
My cat has destroyed the 23" scratching post. Is there replacement parts ? I would hate to have to buy another house because of that one post.
For the model that's 42x26x78, are the base dimensions (24x20) accurate? I'm trying to fit this into a tight corner.
Is this tree easy for an older cat to climb each level?
Is the flow adjustable?
If i buy aqueon circulation do I still need air pump?
Has anyone else had an issue with a fish getting sucked in through the intake slits? Had it happen a couple times to some green neon tetras.
if I get to marineland bio wheels air filters one 350 and the other a 200 for my 75 gallon tank would this one pump be enough to circulate the water,im assuming with those 2 air filters that this 500 gph pump would be plenty.Your thoughts dave
Do you think the fluted bottom will prevent this from picking up debris in a bare bottom tank? All my plants are in ceramic pots.
this needs to be submerged completely in order to work effectively????
Will this be able to suck large, heavier excrements from Tiger Oscars?
Any issues with water leaking into the battery compartment? How long do you think it will last?
Is there a mod to keep the fine debris from escaping the filter chamber.
Is there a smaller version of this (I have a 10 gallon tank with around 10" of water)?
what is the length on the Vac? My tank is small and is 8 inches deep. Can you tell me how long the vac is without the bottom extention? Thanks
How deep can it be submerged? I have a 175 gallon tank which is very deep. Will it work if it is fully submerged?
Will this vacuum small snails out of the tank?
I've got a ten gallon, standard rectangle tank. Would this vac work well with it?
can you tell me how wide each panel is?
How much does it weigh?
HOW MUCH SPACE IS BETWEEN EACH SLAT? THANKS!
I want to use this as a puppy pen. Can I use this in a U shape and have the two ends against the wall? Hope the description /question makes sense!!
Could it be used on the outside? Also, what material is it?
I need almost 16' to section off a basement, can i buy 2 and connect them?
is this sturdy enough to stand up on carpet, just want to make sure it wouldn't tip over. thanks!
Hi, how wide is this item?
My cat is 12 lbs. Can she push through this?
I have a very tall king sized bed that my french bulldog puppy has been getting under to toilet herself. Would this work well against a wooden bed
Is this a grain free dog food
what is the expire date of dog food
Is this suitable food for a small breed (Chihuahua mix)?
What is the "natural flavor"?
Will this attract ants? Bought taste of the wild for my dogs but the food would have a lot of ants the next day
Is It same Formula/Composition: My older Bags have different look and clearly spell: Fresh chicken, Brownrice,LambMeal,Oatmeal,Pearled Barley Etc..
I repurchased this but received a bag different from pictured. It also lacked the lamb meal. I wonder, has the formula changed?
The 15lb and 30lb bags are different - is it the same recipe inside?
can you post the recommended amounts for dogs of various weights? I'd like to plan how much to buy.
What are the ingredients?
WHERE IS THIS DOG FOOD MADE? THANK YOU
My 50 lb. dog eats 2.5 cups/day of his current food. Would he really need 5.5 cups/day of this food??
Do you put the entire heater in the water or does the top part (the knob where you adjust the temp) have to be out of the water? I'm used to self adjusting heaters that go completely under water. I just bought a bigger aquarium so now I need a new heater.
I have a 29 gallon. Wouldn't a 100 watt heater work for that?
which wattage do I need to get for a 20 gallon tank? Can they be put horizontally?
How does the heater stay if fish tank without moving?
I have this heater. It is almost covered in purple coralline algae. Will it hurt the performance of the heater or should I buy another?
What type of plastic is the 100W heater made from? More specifically, is this food grade safe?
If I wanted to get a heater guard, is the width of the heater itself actually 2 inches? I can't find a guard that wide.
Can I have it on constantly?
what size heater for a 30 gallon fish tank
Are you able to use this in an outdoor pond?
Dose this come with an attachment for on glass?
is this for a 39 gallon tank
Do these heaters come with any kind of a warrenty in case of damage during shipping or falty product?
How do you mount this heater? I see others with suction cups. Should I be worried about the heater touching parts of my tank? I have a Nuvo Aquarium - Nano 16 gallon - I've heard you can just drop it in one of the back reservoirs, next to the filter...
The picture shows a non-PRO version of the Aqueon 50W heater. Can anyone confirm that I am buying the "Pro" version (from "Ships/sold by Amazon"?
Can this be mounted horizontally or does it need to be vertically? Thank you.
Does this heater have an auto-off when the target temperature is reached? It doesn't specify, so I'm assuming not, but it's always good to check.
Could you give the measurement of the length including the cable where it bends when the heater is placed sideways?
How long is it?
Can I put this heater in a 5 gallon acrylic tank?
What's the difference between Aqueon PRO heater and the NON-PRO heater?
Is the 50w okay for a 3 gallon tank? if not, what's the smallest tank size it can go in?
what are the other dimensions? 20 by ?
What is the 20-inch measurement? The length of the carrier or the height from floor to the top?
Will the medium fit under a seat on an airline?
How does this go under the airline seat in front of you? Certainly not in the same direction as when you pull it correct? do you have to flip it?
What does it weigh empty?
How difficult is it to get this into a car? Sturdy enough to be able to lift and slide without also supporting weight from the bottom?
My pet is 18 lbs pushing 19 how well do the wheels maneuver and how is the quality of the wheels for the weight of my pet?
Does the Tutto fit under an airline seat?
does your harness tighten up in the front when the dog pulls ?
What size do you suggest for a small lab?
Does this include a leash?
How well does this harness really help to keep a dog from pulling?
Does anyone have experience comparing this lead to the gentle leader?
what size do I get for a 13 pound mini poodle?
what size do I need for a 47 lb mini bulldog
what size do I need for a 55lb lab mix?
I am fostering as boxer cross breed. She is 28 inches around her chest right behind her front legs. Is she a medium?
my dog is a 24 lb border terrier what size easy walk harness do I need
Is it for small, medium, and/or large dogs?
Is the bed for small, medium, and/or large dogs?
What are the dimensions of the bed when in the stuff sack?
is it water proof?
Is there a cover that comes off easily to wash?
Does this have a "furry" texture that a dog's nails might get caught on? My dog is a digger and from the owner photos, looks worrisome to me. Thx.
My dog is a real 'chewer'! Is this cover tough enough to take puppy chewing without ripping?
It looks really ugly in the picture. The furry texture looks matted and gross. Is it just a bad picture or does it look very similar in real life?
would this work well for my 15 y/o 23 lb dog, to lay on comfortably for short periods 30 mins? he follows me to the kitchen and waits for me
Is this made in China?
We are buying the midewest 42X28X30 crate with divider for our new lab puppy - what size bed should we get if we use divider?
Where was this bed made?
Is the bed too warm for use in summer?
What type of stuffing material is used on the inside, if any?
is it waterproof?
Would it work for a crate with a side door (door on the 42in. side)?
is the front open? or do it have a flap too?
Does this go underneath the crate as well?
how breathable is the material?
Does this block the light from entering the crate well? I am sick of using blankets to block out the light, so my puppy doesn't bark in the morning.
my pup is chewing the blanket, mixed reviews and I don't want to spend 27.00 for something he'll only eat. Is it worth the purchase?
Can you have a side open instead of front if ur cage has a side door
Is there a cover that comes off easily to wash?
Does this have a "furry" texture that a dog's nails might get caught on? My dog is a digger and from the owner photos, looks worrisome to me. Thx.
My dog is a real 'chewer'! Is this cover tough enough to take puppy chewing without ripping?
It looks really ugly in the picture. The furry texture looks matted and gross. Is it just a bad picture or does it look very similar in real life?
would this work well for my 15 y/o 23 lb dog, to lay on comfortably for short periods 30 mins? he follows me to the kitchen and waits for me
Is this made in China?
We are buying the midewest 42X28X30 crate with divider for our new lab puppy - what size bed should we get if we use divider?
Where was this bed made?
Is the bed too warm for use in summer?
What type of stuffing material is used on the inside, if any?
Is there a cover that comes off easily to wash?
Does this have a "furry" texture that a dog's nails might get caught on? My dog is a digger and from the owner photos, looks worrisome to me. Thx.
My dog is a real 'chewer'! Is this cover tough enough to take puppy chewing without ripping?
It looks really ugly in the picture. The furry texture looks matted and gross. Is it just a bad picture or does it look very similar in real life?
would this work well for my 15 y/o 23 lb dog, to lay on comfortably for short periods 30 mins? he follows me to the kitchen and waits for me
Is this made in China?
We are buying the midewest 42X28X30 crate with divider for our new lab puppy - what size bed should we get if we use divider?
Where was this bed made?
Is the bed too warm for use in summer?
What type of stuffing material is used on the inside, if any?
Is there a cover that comes off easily to wash?
Does this have a "furry" texture that a dog's nails might get caught on? My dog is a digger and from the owner photos, looks worrisome to me. Thx.
My dog is a real 'chewer'! Is this cover tough enough to take puppy chewing without ripping?
It looks really ugly in the picture. The furry texture looks matted and gross. Is it just a bad picture or does it look very similar in real life?
would this work well for my 15 y/o 23 lb dog, to lay on comfortably for short periods 30 mins? he follows me to the kitchen and waits for me
Is this made in China?
We are buying the midewest 42X28X30 crate with divider for our new lab puppy - what size bed should we get if we use divider?
Where was this bed made?
Is the bed too warm for use in summer?
What type of stuffing material is used on the inside, if any?
Is there a cover that comes off easily to wash?
Does this have a "furry" texture that a dog's nails might get caught on? My dog is a digger and from the owner photos, looks worrisome to me. Thx.
My dog is a real 'chewer'! Is this cover tough enough to take puppy chewing without ripping?
It looks really ugly in the picture. The furry texture looks matted and gross. Is it just a bad picture or does it look very similar in real life?
would this work well for my 15 y/o 23 lb dog, to lay on comfortably for short periods 30 mins? he follows me to the kitchen and waits for me
Is this made in China?
We are buying the midewest 42X28X30 crate with divider for our new lab puppy - what size bed should we get if we use divider?
Where was this bed made?
Is the bed too warm for use in summer?
What type of stuffing material is used on the inside, if any?
Are these manufactured in the US?
how many mg of glucose. does each tablet have?
how many mg glucose. does each tab have?
How many toys are there in the packet?
is there a squeek in this toy?
Is this the one with elastic from the head to tail so it's springy?
is that a bottom on it? I am not sure from the picture
Does the bottom zip or Velcro?
Does the playpen have a bottom that is attached?
HOW is the bottom attached? I have a similar one that's bottom is attached with just a few velcro pieces, and my small dog escapes.
What are the dimensions of the mesh "doors" and walls?
does this fold up easy
Does this have the zippered top as well?
is the bottom attached with zipper or velcro?
What are the dimensions? I just want to double check.
Does the top zipper as well?
Does this have two zippered doors? Does it have a zippered mesh cover? Is the floor one piece to the walls or is that zippered as well?
Is this teal or green?
Are folks having quality issues with the zippers? Both doors are broken because zipper teeth have fallen off. Zippers are off track and worthless
What size is it when folded?
Is this teal or green? I ordered one from another company that the picture was teal/navy/white, when it arrived it was green/tan/black.....
What size is this? 35" or 45'
How do you fold this up? I've lost the instructions.
Is this one made from the 600D Oxford Cloth?
does this have the velcro floor?
Why is this a picture of a Teal Pet Tent, and why did I get a dark green one?
Is the bottom attatched with a zipper or just Velcro, Ferrets can get out of velcro when it starts to age.
what do you guys think about me using this for my ferret to play in?
is there a waterproof pad on the floor i don't want any leaking as i plan to use it in a hotel
is this open bottom?
is the bottom attached or velcro?
Is the top covered?
What are the dimensions of this item?
could this be used for a kitten?
Has anyone found a floor mat made to fit this playpen?
Would this work for a 13lb boston? I need to confine her without excess space after knee surgery.
How do you insert the divider panel?
What are the dimensions?
Does the door open left to right with the hinge on right side when facing the door?
We got the x-small size for a MinPin, but the "handle" doesn't fit? How do you carry it? Our handle does not work as there is no center wire.
What is the mesh size (i.e., what is the distance between horizontal bars? Vertical bars?)
Does this crate come with a divider?
How big are the platforms?
Can your cats easily access the top house? The picture makes it look like it is inaccessale to them unless they can climb up one of the poles.
From the photo, the fabric looks like a plush, not carpeting. How well does it hold up? Also, is there fabric on the underside of platforms?
is this tower big enough for three mid sized cats?
My dog weighs 18- 19 lbs. what size would be best?
how does it attach to seat belt?
have 12 lb dachshund, will small fit?
IS THIS AIRLINE APPROVED UNITED AIRLINES
What are the measurements of the crate?
What does the crate weigh empty?
Will a 27 inch dog Shepard, collie mix that weighs 65 pounds fit in this? He is used to a crate to fly in the cargo of an airplane?
What are the dimensions?
What are the interior dimensions of the 70 to 90 lbs carrier?
Does it HaveHandholds or handles must be on exterior of kennel for lifting w/o being tilted, to ensure that anyone handling no contact w/dog
This may sound silly, but would a dog (Lab, 70 pounds) be able to turn around in this so he is able to get out?
what is involved in the assembly??
Has anyone used a wheel attachment on this crate for ease of carrying or did you just lift/transport from the sides? Did your airline require wheels?
Is the diffuser able to handle 220v electricity?
Will the comfort zone diffuser for cats fit the DAP for dogs bottle?
Is it supposed to light up anywhere when you plug it in, to know it's working?
Is this the same as Adaptil?
Have the burning plastic and fire hazard issues been taken care of yet?
How long does the refill generally last? A month, or less? How often typically do they need to be replaced?
Has anyone had experience using this product on long car trips?
does it work for spraying?
How can such a small amount work on stopping tearing/clawing on carpet when it is throughout a home?
Hello! What is the difference between this and the regular Feliway spray? Thanks!
what % of the active ingredient is in this spray?
How long does the spray last if i used it on say a bed or couch or carpet?
If I spray this in my cat's travel carrier will it help him on the trip?
Hi: Do you think this spray would calm a skittish Himalayan cat enough so that she could be groomed? She's very, very difficult to "capture." Thanks!
I brought my very first kitty home one morning-she was a malnourished feral. She hid, I had no experience with cats. Now after 5 years I adore her-she is not spayed. I had 100% ZERO problems with her for a FULL 4 years after she was one year old. One...
I want to know the spray is gas spray type or plastic spray type.
what are the dimensions of this kennel?
Is the Petmate Vari-Kennel Ultra airline approved also?
What are the deminsions? I need on that is at least 34 L, 22W, 25H
clip on water bowl included. what is clip on water bowls? are they cups that clips on wire door? or just the clips for the water bottles?
What other colors does it come in?
What are the dimensions of this item?
Can the Skykennel be broken down (e.g. top half fits into the lower half) for storage?
I am looking for a heavy duty carrier for my two large cats ,combined weight of 30-35 pounds, in case of an emergency. Is this carrier practical? TX
I need to fit two adult cats in one kennel for air travel, would they fit comfortably in this?
Does it come with the flying kit? And what includes?
What kind of bulbs come with this unit?
Does this come with bulbs and which ones?
Anybody used this for 10,000k or 12,000k / actinic bulbs for a reef aquarium? If so how good are the reflectors?
Looking for a lighting system to overwinter palms and cactus plants - various heights. Use this on the ceiling, or needs to be closer?
is it 120 volt
What would be the rate on a bulk order of 750 of these fixtures?
how many watts r each bulb
is the t5 white or black? i want a white one
Can you provide a link so I can also purchase the 3000K warm/red flowering bulbs? Thanks.
CAN the unit be " daisy Chained" to have them in series? AND how many SWITCHES to turn on/OFF light depending on the LIGHT level desired?
Has anyone found this allergy formula to help with dog's allergies?
Is there sugar in this product?
The title says Capsule, but the main picture shows the smaller tablet size. Could someone please confirm which size these are?
About how many pill pockets are in a 6.6oz bag?
Does anyone know where these pill pockets are manufactured?
Has anyone ordered these and received the 2.6oz package instead of the 6.6oz?
This says 6.6oz Capsules but the product image shows 2.6oz tablets. Which product are you actually selling?
What size rolled collar would I need of an Old english sheep dog puppy 10 weeks old. I would like him to be able to gro into it as well. thanks
Is the measurement given the wearable length or the overall length?
is 22 inch long enough for an 18 inch neck
Is this kennel FAA approved
I need to fit two adult cats in one kennel for air travel, would they fit comfortably in this?
Will it stand a dog trying to chew his way out?
Dimensions?
does the crate have handles or handholds on the exterior?
Are there pre-made holes for the cable ties to secure the door?
how much does this Kennel weigh?
Does it have plastic or metal bolts? Does it come with screws? Does it come with one or two bowls and how many live animal stickers?
Does it have metal or plastic bolts? Does it have screws? Does it have one or two bowls? How many live animal stickers?
Does it have the ability to partition off part of the crate, for puppy crate training?
There are two answers concerning height and they are different measurements. What is the height?
Will this slip on wood floors? The description says "non-skid feet". I've found with other brands that means little. I have a 10lb Japanese Chin.
how thick are each steps if you measure each one Please let me know as soon as possible Jennifer costanzo
Is this appropriate for an 80 lb. Lab
What are the measurements of the steps and what are the steps made of?
width
are the steps narrow ?
height
what is the height?
Is there a bottom? and if so, is it a part of the one piece, or does it disconnect with felcro fasteners?
is bottom velcroed or sewn in?
Is this large enough for containing the puppy in the house too?
what is the dimensions when collapsed?
Does it just have the one door or two?
I want to introduce a new kitten... Do you think it will fold if my 18 lbs cat jumps on the top?
What is the size (and weight if possible) of the 36" one closed up in the case. I want to fly with it in my luggage
is there a hole for a hanging water bottle?
It the 36in actually 36in or is it smaller?
Would the medium or large be better for an 8lb dog?
Is there a bottom? and if so, is it a part of the one piece, or does it disconnect with felcro fasteners?
is bottom velcroed or sewn in?
Is this large enough for containing the puppy in the house too?
what is the dimensions when collapsed?
Does it just have the one door or two?
I want to introduce a new kitten... Do you think it will fold if my 18 lbs cat jumps on the top?
What is the size (and weight if possible) of the 36" one closed up in the case. I want to fly with it in my luggage
is there a hole for a hanging water bottle?
It the 36in actually 36in or is it smaller?
Would the medium or large be better for an 8lb dog?
Is there a bottom? and if so, is it a part of the one piece, or does it disconnect with felcro fasteners?
is bottom velcroed or sewn in?
Is this large enough for containing the puppy in the house too?
what is the dimensions when collapsed?
Does it just have the one door or two?
I want to introduce a new kitten... Do you think it will fold if my 18 lbs cat jumps on the top?
What is the size (and weight if possible) of the 36" one closed up in the case. I want to fly with it in my luggage
is there a hole for a hanging water bottle?
It the 36in actually 36in or is it smaller?
Would the medium or large be better for an 8lb dog?
Is there a bottom? and if so, is it a part of the one piece, or does it disconnect with felcro fasteners?
is bottom velcroed or sewn in?
Is this large enough for containing the puppy in the house too?
what is the dimensions when collapsed?
Does it just have the one door or two?
I want to introduce a new kitten... Do you think it will fold if my 18 lbs cat jumps on the top?
What is the size (and weight if possible) of the 36" one closed up in the case. I want to fly with it in my luggage
is there a hole for a hanging water bottle?
It the 36in actually 36in or is it smaller?
Would the medium or large be better for an 8lb dog?
When the collar beeps and the red light goes off, does it ALWAYS shock? Or is there warning beeps sometimes?
Will this be effective on a larger dog--a lab?
How do you make it stay on their larynx and not slip to the side?
This collar is huge on my 22lb dog, even at the smallest setting placed high on neck. What am I doing wrong?
are there any replacment collars on the markey for this? love the product but the collar is begining to fray
I have had it for about 4 months now and I am noticing that it doesn't shock her when she barks, but it is shocking when she whines, any others?
Do i need to know my cats microchip number for this to work? I don't know where the microchip paperwork is. How would i find that number?
One of the reviews stated that you need to buy the adapter for a metal door. Is this true of all metal doors and why is the adapter needed? Thanks!!
Ok onheight &amp; width dimensions, but how deep are the components, not including any tunnel extensions-to see- if it will work on retractable garage door.
How close does the cat have to get before the door unlocks? Any problems with it not opening?
Can you use this if the door is up stairs and there is no ledge for the cat to sit and let the microchip read? They use a door here now but without ID
Can anyone tell me what the dimensions of the actual flap are?
Have there been improvements in the past year since Feb 2014? I went through 2 bad units until 1 good unit (Serial # 128nnnn). Want to buy another.
My existing cat door is through a window with a larger opening than this one requires. Is there a way to fit it into the space?
Does it work with more than one cat?
Can this door be locked to not let the cat out at times
How is the material on the hands? If the dog takes off will I get rope burn?
is this a good 50ft leash? im deciding to buy it for my 55 lbs and growing huskies, if not is there a different one i can fine?
Mimi aussie pup. What does the leash weight
I have a Bernese Mt dog (1 yr) I do not have a fenced in yard, can I use thisleash for a quick potty tie out when I can't take he r for a walk f
Is this leash good for swimming? Will it float?
Is this going to be too heavy for a twenty-seven pound beagle? He loves to run and this should allow him to run freely, but still train.
Do you think this will be as good as this one because this one i found seem to be thicker. http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00D...
i want to use this leash to wrap around a tree and keep my dog outside while at work. Will it break? She keeps tearing down the rope runner i built.
can this be used with a puppy?
Is it too heavy for a chichuahua
what are the strokes per minute?
Do blades made for Oster clippers also fit this one?
do these clippers come with a 10 blade?
Hi, Can I use this with 220 voltage?
What is the warrenty for these clippers?
Do you post to Australia? And what would the price be if you do?
is it possible to buy this product with an EU plug?
Does the Andis 5-speed Excel clipper come with a number 10 blade?
what is the warranty?
how use?
So when you leave the house, can this product deliver a regular measure of water while you're away? does it refill the bowl AUTOMATICALLY, or do peopl
is it bpa free?
What are the dimensions of the mouth of the bottle itself?
Do cats like it?
Is the white drip-cap on the 3/4 gallon waterer the same size as the cap on the 3 gallon size?
WHat are the dimensions of the bowl?
How tall is the front of the drinking plate?
I bought this at a yard sale but don't know how to take the water bottle off the base? Help please!!
I love this item, but how do you clean the lip of the bottle where dirt and other crud accumulates? Can anyone reocmmend a bendable brush on Amazon?
is this product bpa and pvc free?
horses and dogs together, will it effect a horse the same as a dog?
How do you use it? Just point at the dog and press the button? How long do you hold it down?
Is the sound travle throgh walls and be effective on my upstairs neighbor's dog?
What if you have two dogs and trying to train one when 2nd dog is nearby? What effect on 2nd dog?
Has anyone had long-term success? We bought a bark collar and it worked great for a few weeks then... If so how long?
Does it work through a wall/door (possibly through 2 layers of wall/door) for for next door neighbor's dogs? Thanks.
why do you have to be 6ft away from your dog.
Does this work through walls?
Is the signal broad or focused? I want to direct it toward other dogs when walking my dog, but he's not 6' away. Is it ok if pointed away from him?
The device has to be pressed to work -- no "On / Off" switch settings for it to work unattended. Can anyone please confirm? Thanks.
how is it on leather seats?
What is difference between # 62339 and #62314?
Can this be used in conjunction with a safety harness
Is the back that plastic-like covering, or is it a material? The plastic backs leave bits all over the car when they fall apart.
How long are the straps that go around the BACK headrests? My Altima has solid headrests in the rear and need the straps to be at least 23" to go over them. One answer below says there are no snaps but that the straps adjust. Just need a measurement....
I have a Denali with bucket seats in back. Wondering if hammock will work with these seats?
Are the seatbelt slots kept closed by Velcro?
I have a German Shepherd who also wears a seat harness that attaches to the seat belt. Does this cover have openings for the seat belts to slip through?
what are the length and width
Is it the right size for the backseat of a VW beetle?
Do you have to use a harness or can it just attach to the collar?
Can the dog lay down with this
solvit harness used with a solvit zipline: What is used to connect harness to zipline?
What is this? Can it be used with the solvit car harness, what is it for and do I need this?
Has anyone tried it on more than one pet in the back seat? I have 2 dogs (one under 40 lbs and the other 20 lbs).
I have 2 dogs...can I use it with both? One weighs 50lbs and the other 75lbs.
How tall is the stairs from the floor to the top? Please measure it, I see so many different responses to the same question, Thanks~
how tall is this item?
What is the maximum weight for these stairs?
Would this hold a 70lb lab who is not a big jumper?
Do the steps have any carpet or other non-slip surface?
Would these wood stairs be suitable for use outdoors?
There are several differing answers here about height. One person says it's 25 inches, one says 23, one says 21. What is the exact height?
how high is this step?
Will this product slide on hardwood floor?
Would the Large size accomodate my 60 pound, short-legged mutt
have they taken away the the gasoline smell yet or does it still smell?
is this sturdy enough for my 15 lb dog to step on side and put head out window? is the strap long enough?
Can you use a seat belt with this?
I have a 4 door dodge neon. My backseats do have headrests that I could get the strap around - but will that be enough to secure the seat?
Will the front of this fold down if the dog puts its feet up on the rim of it? Or is it sturdy? I have a 12lb maltese.
I have 2 tiny Yorkies (one is 3lbs and the other is 6lbs). Would both fit in a Large? Also, I have a sports car and the headrests are not detachable?
What type of harness is best to use with this seat? Our small dogs never needed harnesses so I am not sure what to get for 8 lb Shipoo.
I am going to buy the extra-large for my two Chihuahua's so I have the two leashes, will they both be able to lay down on long car trips?
is there a clasp to attach to a leash so dog doesn't jump out?
I have 3 Chihuahua's that weigh about 7lbs each, Will all 3 fit in this? (Hubby can add 2 x-tra clips to fasten to their harness's)
have they taken away the the gasoline smell yet or does it still smell?
is this sturdy enough for my 15 lb dog to step on side and put head out window? is the strap long enough?
Can you use a seat belt with this?
I have a 4 door dodge neon. My backseats do have headrests that I could get the strap around - but will that be enough to secure the seat?
Will the front of this fold down if the dog puts its feet up on the rim of it? Or is it sturdy? I have a 12lb maltese.
I have 2 tiny Yorkies (one is 3lbs and the other is 6lbs). Would both fit in a Large? Also, I have a sports car and the headrests are not detachable?
What type of harness is best to use with this seat? Our small dogs never needed harnesses so I am not sure what to get for 8 lb Shipoo.
I am going to buy the extra-large for my two Chihuahua's so I have the two leashes, will they both be able to lay down on long car trips?
is there a clasp to attach to a leash so dog doesn't jump out?
I have 3 Chihuahua's that weigh about 7lbs each, Will all 3 fit in this? (Hubby can add 2 x-tra clips to fasten to their harness's)
have they taken away the the gasoline smell yet or does it still smell?
is this sturdy enough for my 15 lb dog to step on side and put head out window? is the strap long enough?
Can you use a seat belt with this?
I have a 4 door dodge neon. My backseats do have headrests that I could get the strap around - but will that be enough to secure the seat?
Will the front of this fold down if the dog puts its feet up on the rim of it? Or is it sturdy? I have a 12lb maltese.
I have 2 tiny Yorkies (one is 3lbs and the other is 6lbs). Would both fit in a Large? Also, I have a sports car and the headrests are not detachable?
What type of harness is best to use with this seat? Our small dogs never needed harnesses so I am not sure what to get for 8 lb Shipoo.
I am going to buy the extra-large for my two Chihuahua's so I have the two leashes, will they both be able to lay down on long car trips?
is there a clasp to attach to a leash so dog doesn't jump out?
I have 3 Chihuahua's that weigh about 7lbs each, Will all 3 fit in this? (Hubby can add 2 x-tra clips to fasten to their harness's)
Jumbo Seat Delux - it has fur liner on the picture, it has quilted plaid liner in the description. Where is the mistake, is it with fur or plaid liner
What is the difference between the "Standard" and the "Delux"? Does one have more padding than the other?
If I stop short would the dog get yanked by strap possibly breaking back? I would love secured front and back?
seat measurements?
I have a mini doxie that is 13lbs. I tried a seat that is shorter, but he is too long. with his short little legs, will he be able to see out?
Has anyone taken it apart to wash, and THEN put it back together again? I took it apart, but can't figure out how it goes back together. Thanks.
I don't have headrests - my seats slim at the top. Can this be attached without a headrest?
Where does the leash attachment attach to?
I would like to purchase one of these in X-large for my pug. Is that size sufficient for a pug? Is there a way to restrain it with a seatbelt in the backseat of my car
Does the jumbo seat have a safety strap inside the seat that attaches to the dog's harness?
Jumbo Seat Delux - it has fur liner on the picture, it has quilted plaid liner in the description. Where is the mistake, is it with fur or plaid liner
What is the difference between the "Standard" and the "Delux"? Does one have more padding than the other?
If I stop short would the dog get yanked by strap possibly breaking back? I would love secured front and back?
seat measurements?
I have a mini doxie that is 13lbs. I tried a seat that is shorter, but he is too long. with his short little legs, will he be able to see out?
Has anyone taken it apart to wash, and THEN put it back together again? I took it apart, but can't figure out how it goes back together. Thanks.
I don't have headrests - my seats slim at the top. Can this be attached without a headrest?
Where does the leash attachment attach to?
I would like to purchase one of these in X-large for my pug. Is that size sufficient for a pug? Is there a way to restrain it with a seatbelt in the backseat of my car
Does the jumbo seat have a safety strap inside the seat that attaches to the dog's harness?
Is it approved for airlines as a carry on?
I see if you order the bike rack it takes care of any sag. So, for that person that has the 15lb dog and loves this product I ask if you could add another 5 lb dog to the basket. And, would you? I have 2 dogs; 1 is 15lbs and the other 5lbs. They dont...
Can it be used on a rear bike rack?
The title of this states 14" but the description below the title states "Measures 16 x 12 x 11.5-inches - Which is it???
hi, when is the expiration date of this product? I hope it'll will be longer than Apr. 2015
Can this be frozen if it's not all used right away? I foster kittens and hope it will last between litters.
Hello. When is the expiration date of this product?
Would love to know if the expiration date for this product is still October 2014. Thanks
Hello! When is the expiration date of this product? Is produced after November 2015?
How much does the little scooper that came inside the Bene-Bac powder measure?
When is the expiration date of this product?
I live in Texas where the temperatures are very high. Will the product degrade while it is being shipped? Will the hot conditions affect the product?
Is this stuff comparable to FortiFlora? How many daily doses come in one pound?
Can a dog lie down while in this harness?
hello! can this be used as a walking harness as well without the tethers?
How does this attach to the dog? easy to use clips?
what size would you recommend for a 50 sharpei?
would it work to hook the tether to the seat hooks on the floor of a minivan? Still safe?
I'm getting this for a seizure response dog. She'll be wearing a harness whenever we're out and about. Can I place the car harness on top of the other
Can someone provide the actual lengths of the different size tethers?
Can the tether be used in an older car that has the child safety clips on the back seat ledge of the car?
Does anyone use this with a pug- who has broad shoulders? Otherwise, normal size for a pug.
How well does this secure a dog during side-to-side movement of the car? My chichuahua (15 lbs) always stands up and has her paws on the window
Can a dog lie down while in this harness?
hello! can this be used as a walking harness as well without the tethers?
How does this attach to the dog? easy to use clips?
what size would you recommend for a 50 sharpei?
would it work to hook the tether to the seat hooks on the floor of a minivan? Still safe?
I'm getting this for a seizure response dog. She'll be wearing a harness whenever we're out and about. Can I place the car harness on top of the other
Can someone provide the actual lengths of the different size tethers?
Can the tether be used in an older car that has the child safety clips on the back seat ledge of the car?
Does anyone use this with a pug- who has broad shoulders? Otherwise, normal size for a pug.
How well does this secure a dog during side-to-side movement of the car? My chichuahua (15 lbs) always stands up and has her paws on the window
Can a dog lie down while in this harness?
hello! can this be used as a walking harness as well without the tethers?
How does this attach to the dog? easy to use clips?
what size would you recommend for a 50 sharpei?
would it work to hook the tether to the seat hooks on the floor of a minivan? Still safe?
I'm getting this for a seizure response dog. She'll be wearing a harness whenever we're out and about. Can I place the car harness on top of the other
Can someone provide the actual lengths of the different size tethers?
Can the tether be used in an older car that has the child safety clips on the back seat ledge of the car?
Does anyone use this with a pug- who has broad shoulders? Otherwise, normal size for a pug.
How well does this secure a dog during side-to-side movement of the car? My chichuahua (15 lbs) always stands up and has her paws on the window
can you make it higher by adjusting the straps
What are the dimensions of the barrier?
Is there something solid, like a bar, inside the top section of material that is attached to the posts of the headrests between the front seats?
Will this fit a 2014 CR-V?
how to install the lower straps. Directions just say "secure hooks beneath seat". Secure to what part of the seat?
Will this work on a Ford 150 FX
Can this be used in conjunction with a car pet hammock installed in back seat?
How do I tighten the straps?
I want to know what breed that is in the product image?? That is almost identical to my dog. We think he's a collie, lab, terrier of sorts.
I have a Jeep. Can I put the seats down in the back?
Can a dog lie down while in this harness?
hello! can this be used as a walking harness as well without the tethers?
How does this attach to the dog? easy to use clips?
what size would you recommend for a 50 sharpei?
would it work to hook the tether to the seat hooks on the floor of a minivan? Still safe?
I'm getting this for a seizure response dog. She'll be wearing a harness whenever we're out and about. Can I place the car harness on top of the other
Can someone provide the actual lengths of the different size tethers?
Can the tether be used in an older car that has the child safety clips on the back seat ledge of the car?
Does anyone use this with a pug- who has broad shoulders? Otherwise, normal size for a pug.
How well does this secure a dog during side-to-side movement of the car? My chichuahua (15 lbs) always stands up and has her paws on the window
i have a 100 lb german shepard will this bed suffice ?
Where can you purchase replacement covers?
Is the bed suppose to lock in any way? I see the piece but it doesn't lock to, or even touch the bar. I push the bar down but it doesn't stay n
Where can I buy a replacement cover
Does this come with a carrying case?
Can I get a smaller one for a Chihuahua?
Can you purchase a replacement cover for this?
can the electronic dog door be installed in a French door?
what is the proximity range until this door opens? 1 foot? 6 inches? thanks!
Does the door have a safety feature, in case a pet that isn't wearing a collar tries to sneak thru with one that does, and the door closes?
How big are the keys?
this pet door: yoh guys, i have three dogs does it come with 3 or more openers ????????
Does it work with cats? My cat is a Persian cat so he is very hairy and I was wondering is this machine has the power to manage so much hair?
can I trim paw with this product?
Received clippers and the don't cut at all. I oiled them....wont cut. Any ideas?
Does anyone know if/where I can get replacement blades for this product?
I purchased an Andis clipper set with the link below. It had three blades, 4, 7, and 10. Can those blades be used on this model? http://www.amazon.c
Does this come with a #10 blade? Also do you think this would be suitable for clipping a large breed with a thick undercoat?
how many volts?
Would this work on a long haired larger cat? She is older and get matted on her belly these days. Is it quiet? does blade get hot quickly?
Does it need a transformer/convertor for 220V
works with 220 volts too?
is this 2 speed with a 10 inch blade andi petd groomer said for me to get for my poodle . thick hair would it work? are they new or warrenty?
For those who have experience with other clippers, are these relatively quiet or noisy? Thank you.
Is this actually a SOFT chew or a hard formed pill/ tablet? Just bought a big batch of these advertised as SOFT but in fact they are hard tablets
For how long of a period of time do you give these to your dog? TIA ...
I have a 7 pound, 3 month old Pug, is this OK for her?
is it vet approved
What are the ingredients in this product?
I just bought this and the fence tangled up at the bottom when we were installing it to the frame. Any ideas on how to get it untangled?
Is the kennel easy to assemble?
Is this 10ft.x10ft.?...the product dimensions say otherwise.
I want only one door, but four of these kennels together to make a larger space. Do you know if just the stand alone panels are available?
Will the Lucky Dog Weather Top fit on this kennel? I already bought the top.
Can you buy 2 of these and connect them to make one big enclosure with 2 gates?
I am considering purchasing this kennel for my 7 chickens. Would you recommend?
do you think it would work for cats too?
I bought a Lucky Dog Weather Top. Can it be used with this dog kennel??
I brought the kennel last August and added a top on it. The rain water broke two upper frame rods. Do you sell the replacement rods?
Our transmitter flashed off and on then quit. Done this a few times. Now it just quit.
the light on the transmitter does not light p, no power to fence, what are some possible issue for this to be happening?
will this transmitter work with a esky dog shock collar system? I bought the esky pet fencing system and the transmitter nit working.
What is the power requirement for this transmitter? I have a transmitter but not the right transformer. ie: AC orDC output and voltage.
Will this transmitter work with the sd-2000 kit?
"Hello, I wonder if this tree is used to big cats, and if they come without problems either of 2 tree houses, also would like to know how you can clea
what size are tproper screws mine didnt come with hardware?
what are the dimensions of the square perches?
Was anyone else thrown off by the horridly bright tan/bronze/brown animal print rather than the PICTURED greys/blacks??!!
Will this work with a timer?
I have a 2.5g FW tank with plants and a betta. Will this work ok? Also, will it get to hot for the plastic cover?
WIll this fit the Fluval 6 gallon tank?
will this support corals????
It will heat a lot 2g tank?
Is this a pressure gate or does it have to be screwed into the doorway with hardware?
Does this gate hinge into a wall or door? Or is it free standing?
Hi someone Could please give the measurements, height and length when completely opened?
How far apart is each panel. I have a tea cup yorkie and was wondering if she could squeeze thru the slats
Width of opening between each slat: Does anyone know?
How high is this gate: Can someone tell me the height of this folding gate
How big are the holes?
Is it dishwasher safe?
Can I use it for dog? Thank you
Can catnip be put in here instead of dry treats?
Is the bottom weighted so that the toy won't easily roll under the bed, into closets, etc?
Can the adjustment mechanism be locked into position? If not, does the adjusting mechanism tend to move as the cat plays with the ball?
I treat felines with "Temptations" - much loved by them. They measure about 3/8 inch on all four edges (about 1/8 inch thick). O.K. for device?
Do you think this would be able to keep the dog out of the cat food?
How much food fits into one of these toys?
What is the country of origin?
How does it fit both bench seat and bucket seat?
I don't have rear bench seat headrests to attach to, but I do have rear seat belt straps. Will this cover work?
Where is this item manufactured?
Does it come packaged in a retail box?
Is this the "as seen on TV" seat cover, like Bed, Bath and Beyond sells?
Are there holes for the seat belts?
What color is it? Tan or grey?
Isn't there any product like this that is sound activated?
i want to keep cats off the large round couch and on the top of the couch with 3 sections, will it work for that?
What is the viewing area? 70 degrees, 180 degrees?
What comes with purchase?
Will this effect my birds?
I read y this wont work on all cats. But y would it stop working on a cat after it worked for several weeks? How can they just get used to the sound?
will it come with adapter?
I have cats that I share an office with about 1000 ft. sq. They get on my desk to get warm via electronics. Can they stay in the room &amp; off desk?
What is the range for the CatScram? How close does the animal have to be to trigger it?
How far does the sound carry? If it is on the kitchen counter, and I set it off myself, would the sound affect my cat if she is in the same room?
what does retractable mean? Can you pull your dog back to you?
Is this leash made in China?
How long is the leash? Thanks
What is the dog weight the large size can hold?
Will the Outward Hound leash mate accessory bag (http://www.amazon.com/Outward-Hound-... fit on this?
What&acute;s the voltage?
Does this come with filter media (ex. carbon, filter pads, bio-support media?)
Does anyone know, what the minimum flow rate of the Pro 3e 2074 is? Does it go down to about 200 l/h (50 gal per hour)?
What kind of output nozzle does it come with?
Has anyone successfully downloaded the controlcenter software and hooked this up to the computer?
What kind of bulb does this take?
Is this light suitable for an aquarium with a glass top?
I'm not clear if this product includes the cover shown in the picture or just the bulb?
Does a 24" light fit into this fixture?
How would this handle a ~200 gal tank outdoors where it can get into the 20's (F) occasionally?
What's the temperature range on the 300W model?
is this autovolts? 110v/220v?
Will this be enough to heat my 100 gallon tank kept indoors, temp about 70 for my cichlids which needs to be 78?
Can this aquarium heater be kept horizontally submerged completely at the bottom of the tank instead of vertically??
Is there a disadvantage of using 300w for a 60g tank?
Is it made of glass? Are glass heaters prone to breaking vs. titanium heaters? Thanks!
I am useing two heaters and only have one plug near tank. Can you tell me how many amp each draw so I do not overload plug?
might 3 of these heat an 800 gallon aquaponic system in a greenhouse or is there a better way
Can this heater be put on it'a side, since it's too tall for my aquarium?
is the wheel noisy
Can teddy bear hamsters fit in this cage
Can you add tubes to like Kritter Trail brand and others? Are they compatible? I cannot find any Petville brand name add on tubes...
how many hamsters can fit inside
Can the hamster keep food in the wheel when it runs
Can all hamsters fit in this cage or only dwarf? (I have a teddy bear hamster)
What size are the bar spacing? Thank you.
I see there is an attatchment for more tubes on the tower part is there any other holes to add attatchments?
Is the wheel removable if I don't want it?
Does this product come with the water bottle shown?
Can someone tell me if this cage is big enough for male hamsters
what does it all come with?
How big is the wheel (in inches)? The sizes i know of wheels are 4.5 inch, 6.5 inch, and 12 inch wheels.
do the crittertrail tubes work with this Petville habitat?
Is this Cage big enough for two Robo Dwarf Hamsters?
Is this big enough for a teddy bear hamster?
hamster had babys in it
Is this big enough for gunea pigs?
can this also be used as a fish feeder? I notice it looks identical to the fish feeder
how is it installed?
how much food does this dispense per cycle? a tablespoon? is the amount programmable?
I have small-medium size of pellet for my parrot fishes. Should i buy the Fish feeder or Turtle feeder? Thanks!
What type of batteries does it require?
Can this device be used for aquatic turtles?
Will it work also for adult turtle? (Bigger amount of daily pellets) and for how many days?
Can it dispense only 4 small pellets a day? I have 2 newts and do not want to overfeed them.
Will this feeder work with the Zoo Med gourmet turtle food?
Can you use it to feed a hamster?
How does this (&amp;/or the Laundry Boost) differ from the "regular" Nature's Miracle formula...beyond label color &amp; price?
Will this remove stains so they won't show up under a black light? Or does it only remove the visible part?
do you dulite this with waTER
Is this product only for dog urine? I have cats.
Is this product effective on old stains? My dog had an accident last week and the product is not going to ship until next week.
can you use it in a steam cleaner
Can this product be used on a down comforter?
can you use this on bed mattress ?
Can this be used to clean a dogs crate?
how to use on floor
Can you use this product in a carpet shampooer or is it only for spot treatment?
does this product inhibit dogs from peeing again on that spot?
Does this product work well on cat urine? Does it get rid of the sticky residue (that's what stinks!) left after cat urine dries?
can this product be used on a leather couch?
Do you have Gallon size in Mountain Fresh scent????
Can you use it on both carpet and tile?
How does this compare to Mister Max Anti Icky Poo for urine stains?
I've tried everything to get rid of old cat urine smell in our carpet. Will this help or is it too late since I've already tried other ways?
Has anyone else noticed that (for carpet) while the product is drying, the cat urine smell is awful, but goes away once dry?
Can I use this product in a mattress
has anyone tried and had success with treatment on concrete floors?
Can I use this product on wood deck?
Will the cat still want to mark the same area again if the urine is removed?
carpet cleaner
What kind of scent does this leave behind? I'm allergic to most perfumes.
My cat peed on a throw rug - can this be used in the washer?
Anyone try on clothing? If I'm removing fecal and urine odors from cloth, should I use this or the regular NM?
Does this stuff has any expiry date? If im gonna put this into a ship for 3-4 weeks before im gonna use it?
what type of meat is in south west taste of the wild?
Is this food chunky or pate?
do any products in this food come from third party vendors that may be from China or have chinese ingreditents
is this canned food okay to give to puppy?
Does this come from china?
Do these tags come with a split ring or some other device to attach it to the collar?
are the tags actually engraved or just crappy laser etching?
Can the tags be engraved on both sides?
is the example colour the green or mint?
Do these tags come with a split ring or some other device to attach it to the collar?
are the tags actually engraved or just crappy laser etching?
Can the tags be engraved on both sides?
is the example colour the green or mint?
Do these tags come with a split ring or some other device to attach it to the collar?
are the tags actually engraved or just crappy laser etching?
Can the tags be engraved on both sides?
is the example colour the green or mint?
do you have to apply this daily on your dog to keep the ticks off? if not, how often? thank you.
So is this a spray repellent or a shampoo?
Has anyone used this on cats? Is it effective in flea prevention? I have 2 indoor cats who run outside on occasion.
This is listed as flea &amp; tick spray but when you click on it it says shampoo. Which one is it? Thanks
Is this a size good for 11 lbs, big bone, not fat cat. About 17" tall when sitting up, needs the large cat beds to sleep in. Bigger than his brother
What are the dimensions for a SMALL, this one being MEDIUM. I have a TOY POODLE
I am looking for a good escape proof travel bag for a ferret for a car trip. He is a smaller ferret about 2.5 pounds. Is this roomy for him and escape proof?
dimensions
How does the smart strap work to attach to the seat belt in your car? I can't figure it out. Any details appreciated.
I have an 11 lb yorkie is this carrier big enough?
Does it have a tether that attaches to the pets collar or harness so they won't jump out when you open the sides?
i have a pomeranian that weighs 13 1/2 pounds,would medium be too small, does this come in large
Which one is the strap for car seat belt?
Are the straps SECURE &amp; STRONG? Do they look like they can pull out of the body of carrier due to dogs weight? Thanks so much
Has anyone used one of these with a Transport? My pitbull is having trouble getting in and out of the truck these days, being that he's going on 12.
can this ramp be used on the back seat car door? or just the back
how long is this ramp? how much does it weigh ?
What are the folded dimensions? I need to know if it will fit in my car.
Can this be used on a bed?
How reluctant are dogs to use the ramp? I'm concerned mine won't want to get on it.
I need to load/unload a #110 wheeled item out of my 36" high truck bed. Would this work? I can't lift the box but may be able to push it up the ramp.
Can i use this ramp for my dog to go outside from the house? I have four steps.
Could I know the size of packed box for delivering?
Does this connect well to a truckbed so we can use it for a small trike?
is the impression of the dogs name deep enough to last the lifetime of the dog, or will disappear after rubbing with other tags?
"Our tags are so durable that we have a lifetime guarantee policy." Does this mean that the tag will be replaced if the engravings start to disappear?
Where can I provide the engraving information?
will it stand up to swimming in salt water?
Does the tag come with a ring to attach it on the collar?
What are the character limits on each line for engraving?
does this include the engraving for $10.95
find where to put information for engraving on tag
size?
Can I get this engraved on both sides?
Does this product contain garlic?
Has anyone tried these for fleas? Does it work?
Does this product contain garlic?
Does this help repel ticks?
where is this product made?
does this product work for a bichon
Do you think that this will work to cut matted hair?
I have a dog that does not like being brushed or raked. He does well at a groomer. Do you feel he would be ok with this?
I am looking for something to trim hair around my maltese eyes. Would this trimmer be good for that
Can someone tell me how sharp they are? My toy poodle has an incredibly thick coat and needs sharp blades.
Really PINK or BLUE? How about green, beige even red or orange. Anyway my question do they work for lefties?
Can these be sharpened????
Can these scissors be used for large breed dogs too, such as a Golden Retreiver?
Does it cut long, fine cat hair knots?
Is a left-handed person able to use these scissors?
Are you supposed to do a saw like motion to cut with these?
Does anyone know the best way to sharpen these? I read that normal scissors sharpeners will dull serrated type scissors.
DO THEY WORK LEFT HANDED?
What size are the finger holes? can "man size" fingers fit oK?
Can we use this for Men's Grooming ?
Can these be sharpened?
Does anyone know a good pair of shears to trim around the rear between groomings? My Maltipoo has such fast growing hair, and we need to clean his re
The description contains these words: "The zippered bottom for preventing escape and neatness " - yet some buyers state floor is velcro held? Which?
Is the bottom pad velcro or zipper removable? I have seen some recent reviews describing both.
HOW TALL IS IT?
Does anyone know if this would be good for two chinchillas? I need something easy to set up and fully enclosed so they can't escape.
Would this item work for cats?
Can you wash it?
can you get replacement for the botton floor. I need one
I would like to use this for my cats so they can sit in the front yard (concrete floor) - would this work?
how sturdy is the top? i have a 20 lb cat that might try to jump on the top and lounge.
I have a 6month old kitten I am trying to training at night trying to figure out if this would be big enough for her, her food and water, litter box?
do i use this dry or with some sort of detangler lotion? i have a cat who is severly matted and i don't want to hurt her
Is this brush cutting the hair or just removing loose hair.I do not feel any sharp blades?
I'm a lefty; one review said this brush is only for R handed ppl. Is that bc of the angle of the teeth vs how dog's hair grows/needs to be brushed?
Does the brush have blades, nested inside the curl of the brush head
HELP! I am left handed. How do I change the blades? The instructions say to remove the plug at the top head of the tool and turn the blades. I can't figure out HOW to remove the plug. It seems to be imbedded as part of the top head and not removable....
Is it black? What exactly is "tahitian moon?"
Anyone used this with Cory?
is this for saltwater set-ups?
Is this sand Marimo Ball safe? How much would I need for a 1 - 1.1 gallon tank?
Can I use this for a fresh water tank?
Anyone know if this sand affects the pH levels or hard/soft water conditions?
Is this sand hard enough to scratch glass? does it contain any heavy metals?
How much of this would I need for a 15 gallon column tank no live plants? Dimensions: 13.6" x 13.8" x 24.8" ( Aqueon&reg; 15 Gallon Column from Petsmart)
How much do you need for a 30 gallon aquarium?
Any good for planted tank?
Hi, we just bought the Liter Robot with a bubble - will this box work with it? Regards, Tanya
What are the dimensions of the packaged carton for shipment?
Will it work with the Litter Robot Ii? They advertise a wider width!
Dimensions
We have an South African mastiff who will probably max out around 110 pounds. Can this bed support her
how would this work for two cats...say who are each 8-14 lbs each? could one of them easily sleep on bottom level without feeling smothered?
What is the height of the lower mattress to the oblong facing? Does a dog have to "duck under" to get to the lower bunk? Could a German Shepherd get in and out of that space?
How thick is the mattress/pillow for the top bunk? I have a 90 lbs boxer who has hip problems. I'd like to make sure the top bunk has adequate padding
What are the shipping dimensions?
We have an South African mastiff who will probably max out around 110 pounds. Can this bed support her
how would this work for two cats...say who are each 8-14 lbs each? could one of them easily sleep on bottom level without feeling smothered?
What is the height of the lower mattress to the oblong facing? Does a dog have to "duck under" to get to the lower bunk? Could a German Shepherd get in and out of that space?
How thick is the mattress/pillow for the top bunk? I have a 90 lbs boxer who has hip problems. I'd like to make sure the top bunk has adequate padding
What are the shipping dimensions?
We have an South African mastiff who will probably max out around 110 pounds. Can this bed support her
how would this work for two cats...say who are each 8-14 lbs each? could one of them easily sleep on bottom level without feeling smothered?
What is the height of the lower mattress to the oblong facing? Does a dog have to "duck under" to get to the lower bunk? Could a German Shepherd get in and out of that space?
How thick is the mattress/pillow for the top bunk? I have a 90 lbs boxer who has hip problems. I'd like to make sure the top bunk has adequate padding
What are the shipping dimensions?
Are this treats supose to be soft or hard?
My cat gets very angry and scared when my (recently adopted) dog comes near her. Would these help her stay calm so they can begin socializing?
My cat is grieving the loss of my husband and her best friend. She is pulling her hair out in chunks. Any suggestions.
Has anyone used this when flying their cats to a long distance relocation? Is is approved by the airlines?
Will this help with fear aggression? My cat always gets aggressive when strangers comes over.
Where are these made/where do ingred come from? Only says 'DISTRIBUTED BY", leads me to believe there are Chinese ingredients in this product.
Would this product help my cat with her stress over grooming?
Will these help eliminate my cat's spraying on walls and furniture? Very diffucult to give to my cat liquid fluoxitine with a syringe.
Where are these manufactured?
Are the feline chews and small canine chews the same product, just a different shape? The small canine bag states for dogs and cats on the back.
How many others bought this toy and their dog destroyed it in 30 minutes?
Why is the "large" rated up to 65 pounds and the "extra large" only rated up to 30 pounds?
Does this one squeak?
so, is the large one the only one with the rope in the middle part?
Does this toy float
Has anyone used the older version of this, without the braided rope and with a squeaker? Our Golden is on her 5th YEAR. Any tips on something similar?
Where are Kong products made?
Has anyone used this carrier on a Jetblue domestic flight? I am flying from JFK to LAX and need to know if this carrier will be okay.
Southwests height requirement is 81/2inches. Will this fold down with dog inside?
will this carrier accommodate a long-leg Jack Russell Terrier 20 lbs?
i have two 2pounds dogs and was wondering if i should get one or two? plus how many pockets does it have?
How much weight can it hold? Does smell go away?
Has anyone used on Allegiant Air? They have a 9x16x19 rule for under seat and we have a 15 lb. Doxie
Why does one cost $29.99 and the other $57.34?
I'm flying Alaska Airlines - has anyone who purchased this size carrier have any problems with fitting it under the seats for this airline?
Are there flaps to cover the mesh so that you can't see the dog inside the carrier?
Is this a top-loader? my cat will not load in the end opening, only from the top
How many others bought this toy and their dog destroyed it in 30 minutes?
Why is the "large" rated up to 65 pounds and the "extra large" only rated up to 30 pounds?
Does this one squeak?
so, is the large one the only one with the rope in the middle part?
Does this toy float
Has anyone used the older version of this, without the braided rope and with a squeaker? Our Golden is on her 5th YEAR. Any tips on something similar?
Where are Kong products made?
How many others bought this toy and their dog destroyed it in 30 minutes?
Why is the "large" rated up to 65 pounds and the "extra large" only rated up to 30 pounds?
Does this one squeak?
so, is the large one the only one with the rope in the middle part?
Does this toy float
Has anyone used the older version of this, without the braided rope and with a squeaker? Our Golden is on her 5th YEAR. Any tips on something similar?
Where are Kong products made?
does it stay in place
is it machine washable?
Can I wash it on a gentle cycle?
Will it fit the rear seat of a 2010 ford f-150 pick up truck
Is it machine washable?
Does it work if my back seat doesn't have head rests?
how wide are the flaps and are they in addition to the 56 in width?.
How does it attached to the head rests? and do they stay attached? our dog constantly jumps or leans on the head rests.
Does anyone know if you get reduced shipping for buying more than one?
Are the buckles on the straps well made?
the ingredients listed here do not match those on the royal canin website, which is right?
My dog is half Schnauzer half Pug would this be best or the regular small dog Royal Canine?
What is the due date?
what are the ingrediants in ths dog food?
does this product have high fat content
What is in this food?
what size would be recomended for a mini dachsund?
what size for a 35 pound doberman
I have a fox terrier 'mix' i'd say he's a full fox terrier, but a little chunky :) Can you give me a sizing I'd be best with?
What size would you use for a 12 pound shih tzu
My daughter has a toy pomerainian who like to bite when she tries to clip his nails. He only weighs 4 lbs at 6 years old. Would a size 0 work?
what size muzzle for yorkie
What size would fit a corgi?
what size would a Papillion wear
I have a 6 lb. Pom that hates to get groomed. Will the size 1 be okay?
I would like to know how to measure for a size
Will this fit a small border collie?
I have a 10 month old lab would a size 3 fit him?
Hi, I have a 10 year old labrador retriever (not a mix). What size should I get?
I have a Lab/Dane I need to find a size for ?
How do you determine the size?
what size muzzle would i need for a 4 yr old pit bull about 70lbs an short snout?
what size for a beagle
I want to know what size should I get for chihuahau
What size for a female Sharpei weighs 65lbs?
Can this be used on a plastic tote for dubia roaches
to things how hot done it get and will it melt plastic
What are the dimensions and wattage of the pad? How warm does it get? I need a warmer to go underneath a 3.5-lb dog's plastic crate.
I have a betta fish in a simple, round .5 gal glass bowl with a 4 inch diameter base. Will this work to keep the temperature around 72 degrees?
Is this good for turtles
I cannot use crockpots on my kitchen surfaces because of potential heat damage. Does anyone know if this will damage surfaces it is put on?
I am looking to use this to keep a 1.5 gallon jar of liquid at around 80 degrees. Do you think this would work or would it get it too warm?
can you use this with hedgehogs?
how long is the cord?
What is the maximum temperature capacity of this heat mat? Can it reach 90 degrees?
Do picky dogs actually take these without hassle?
The picture is for chewable tablets, but not necessarily of the bonelets plus variety. Can you please confirm if our order will contain bonelets?
What is the correct count of tablets ? 90 or 100? What is the correct number of tables, the picture shows 100?
Hi, I would like to know what's the best litter you can use (If we don't include the littermaid litter) ?
How do you reset the motor, when the rake gets stuck at the front?
does it have a removable rake?
Where do I find the reset button?
How does this box handle loose stool? Does it clog the rake, or does it scoop cleanly?
The power button on my unit has fallen into the hole it was in after 2 months of use. the light is off as if there is no power getting to it.Help!
My cat's about 14 or 15 lbs. Is this big enough for him?
My cat chewed up the ac power adapter, where can I buy another one?
whats the depth/height of the litter when not filled beyond the "max fill line"?
Do you think this is a good option for Cats who tend to pee elsewhere if the litter box isn't spotless?
little dogs: does anyone have a recommendation for a collar for such small dogs?
the description does not say the remote transmitter is included in the contents. Is this a error. Does the transmitter come with it.
does anyone know if the buttons are for sure in order of lowest shock to highest shock? 4,5,6 are low, medium, and high? 4 sounds like high not low.
What kind of battery is in the collars? I wanted to know because It would be great if they were common battery's like AA or 9-Volt or AAA. Thank you.
Hi so I have 2 English Mastiffs I am looking to get shock collars for they bark at the wind so they need some guidance on if this will be effective on a 175lb dog or not. Also as far as collars go to will it adapt to most any size collar they have...
Well this collars fit my min pins.
I lost my recharger for the collar- mine is two years old and does not have usb connection- any ideas where I could get a replacement?
I have 4 dogs and would like to have a collar on each of them. If I bought two sets would they interfere with each other due to them being the same?
Are these big enough for my two rottweilers
Help idk how to put these together? What are the little lightbulb things for? Horrible directions...
is it snug under the front legs (in the "armpits")
How do I measure my dog for the coat? I have a 65 lb weimaraner.
Looking for a coat to keep my boxer warm in the winter months so he can play outside with the kids. Would this coat meet that need?
*Question For The Seller* When will size Medium (20" length) be available?
Would this coat hold up just for going on walks in the snow? No roughhousing involved, just need it to keep off some moisture.
will it fit a Honda element cargo area
Will this cover work in a toyota FJ cruiser?
specs
I'm decinding on 2 different kinds of bed liners, my question is, will it fit the back of a jeep cherokee?
Will this still work for my back seats if I only fold one of my back seats down?
Is it possible to get length and width measurements of the cargo cape? I have a 2011 GMC Acadia and want to put down the 3rd row for use with this.
Yes I was wondering if your suv/ cargo liner will work inside the cargo area of a 2015 Nissan Rogue, and if I can fold the rear 60/40 bench seat down
will this work as barrier between captain chairs in 2nd row of buick enclave?
would this work for a 2002 GMC Envoy?
does anyone know if this will fit a 2011 Ford Edge? Or will it be too big?
Is this the Oster A5 Turbo Model? What are the 2 speeds?
Is this the a5 model?
Does this clipper come with the blade guard, oil, brush and carrying case?
does this comewith a clipper blade?
what does "FC" mean?
tried using this blade and it doesn't cut? tried to adjust hoe it fits into clipper but still did not work? any tips? i have a two speed andis clipper
we only have a #10 blade and would like for our poodles to have a longer cut length. what length will this blade give us.thanks, Greg
Need to clip a chow mix, which blades would be best?
Will this work with Andi's Plus Clippers 2 Speed Model AG2?
what is the blade I need to buy for the Andis that would give me a 1" coat? Can't cut the poor guys too short in this winter weather!!
I have a cavalier King Charles spaniel - want to keep trim~a summer cut. For their fine hair, what blade would you recommend w/super agr+
Do you have extra small?
Are they available with a clear or other UV lens, or just pink lenses?
what size do you recommend for a 8-10 lb Maltese / Shitzu blend?
How do you size them?
i have a 21 pound Daschund. What size ahould I get?
Do they make replacement flaps for the pet door?
The photos above show the tunnel system on the inside of the house with the door/flaps on the exterior. How does that work with the locking panel?
can the dogs get back in easily? pictures have me wondering. Also would a small 25 pound dog have trouble opening to go out and in?
What's to stop a burglar from ripping this thing off the exterior wall (since it isn't connected to an interior panel) and squeezing right through it?
how big is the rough opening?
Can this be used on carpet?
can i use it on concrete
For those of you who use it in a carpet cleaner, how much do you add to the carpet cleaning solution tank? Thanks.
OK on hardwood floors?
Can you use this product on fake grass? We have a pet lawn I'd like to use it for. ;)
can this be used on the grass of a doggie potty patch box?
I'm looking for a pump to facilitate water changes that can pump from a large bucket, up about 4 ', and then into the aquarium. Will this work well?
I need a replacement pump for my 6 year old 29 Gal. Oceanic Biocube. Has anyone used this pump for that?
can i use this to clean my water tankless heater? ok, I cannot use this one. I ordered a submersible utility pump 1/4 HP.
what size is the discharge fitting? thanks
will the nj900 b enough to RDWC one 31gal tote with 2 5gal buckets using pump outside tote.water rises 17inches.
does this carrier have a rigid floor
Can you wear both at once? I have 2 teacup Chihuahuas
I have a 12# doxie. Is there more than one size? What would I need to order for a dog this size?
I understand there are two sizes? I have a Shima who weighs 4.5lbs and should top out at 5.5lbs. Will the product fit her?
My dog is 20lbs. Will she fit?
I have a toy maltipoo that is 2 lbs now and is expected to be no more than 6 lbs. Should I go with the small or large size?
I have a regular sized dachshund who is about 18-19 lbs. Since he's a bit longer, would he still be able to fit in this?
Can dog lay down
I have a 15-17 pound min pin, what size should I get?
Can you front carry?
How do you clean the cover?
How is the cover secured at the backrest and bottom cushion?
Are there openings for seat belts?
Hi. Hope you can help me out. Is there a way to attach this cover even if my backseat doesn't have headrests?
Does anyone know how to secure the straps around the "shoulders" of the seat?(when you don't have headrests?)
Is this waterproof and can it be used nicely with kids car seats?
Is this something you can walk behind? Is it possible to open the top so the pet can get sun?
How many pounds will it hold?
Are brakes included? If not can they be purchased separately?
Is this a complete stroller or am I supposed to have something to put it on?
Will tow bar hook up on right side of wheel/bike?
Does this load into an SUV or van easily?
does the dog stroller fold up?
I have two Westies 16 pounds each. Would the medium size be enough to hold both at the same time?
is this better than a dog stroller called solvit hound about which is more expensive ??
is the floor inside made of metal or cardboard? does it hav a pad or pillow ? can dog lean on sides with out rubing on to wheels while in motion?
Would the medium bowl size be adequate to feed 6-8 oz raw diet to a 25 lb American Cocker Spaniel? There are many conflicting reviews regarding bowl size. Plus I need to keep my dogs' ears clean and dry. Thanks for your help.
So, small size or medium? I have a 21lb Long Haired Dachshund with neck trouble and an 18lb Cavalier Spaniel. Want to keep clean ears also.
What is the diameter of the hole in the Medium sized bowl?
how tall is it
What is the diameter of the inside (not including bone tabs) of the small size? I have a 12 lb chihuahua that eats once a day.
What is the diameter of the hole? I use small dessert/fruit bowls to feed my cats and hope they will fit into the recess.
This listing is for The PetEgo Kasko TrailerBicycle# KSK S+BTB is a "TRAILER" MSRP of $250.00 why are "STROLLER KITS" listed here as well?
" Pet TRAILER " Priced from $67.00 to $112.99 Parker Central and Go Multi-Shop ? Really? Everyone else at $250+ Im confused.
does this fold for travel
Does it come ready to attach to a bike or do I need a kit also
I am confused by the answers to the questions about weight. I have a 20 lb. dog. Will she fit in the small sized one (24x16x16)?
I am confused by the answers to the questions about weight. I have a 20 lb. dog. Will she fit in the small sized one (24x16x16)?
does it fold flat when not in use?
I have 2 8lbs chihuahuas will they fit in a small size one?
What is the weight limit for the 24 x 16 x 16 size model?
can you put two dogs in it
My pup has a hard time during long rides where she drools uncontrollably for at least an hour or two until she decides to finally sleep. I have a Mazda CX9 (Crossover) so I wanted to know from customers who have purchased one if this item would really...
My back seat does not have adjustable headrests. Will this hammock work?
I have a 2007 Escalade with 2 individual seats for passengers in 2nd row...would the hammock work with this type of seat ?
I have a 2013 Hyundai Sante Fe SUV with front and rear seats (NOT the 3 row model). Do you know if this would fully cover the seat? Thanks.
how do I clean it
I don't need this in my car every day. Is it easy to remove, and will it be durable if I put this in and remove it every weekend?
I have white leather seats and I'm concerned that the black non-slip backing will leave black marks on my seats. Has anyone had this problem ?
How do I find out and/or order the SUV size discussed in the video? Thanks.
Has anybody fit this cover in a rear seat of a 2007 to 2009 VW Jetta 4-door? I am concerned of the fit, easy removal, and how does stay in place.
How are the dimensions measured? My HD 250 seat measures 57 inches across. Will this product fit properly?
Normally I sit in the back with my dog when I travel.Is there still a way to access a sit belt opening here to clip myself in?
Do these have any protection on the front of the bottom cushion? It looks like they protect the sides when jumping in.
Does this fit a VW Jetta Sport wagon?
Does this fit a Ford Fusion SE 2012
The back seat on my Dodge Ram measures 60 inches wide. From what I'm reading it sounds like this cover won't fit a seat that wide. Right or wrong?
Will it fit into my 2012 Subaru impreza?
does this fit a gm truck
How do I know if it will fit my car?
How do you clean the Petego car seat covers?
Our back seat is 53" long. Does this have enough "give" or stretch to fit?
Reviews are scant on this model. Those of you who have used it for awhile, do you still like it? Have they been durable? Any safety concerns? Thanks much!
Does anyone know the folded size?
will the medium size be sturdy and roomy enough for my 75lb bulldog?
Does this design come in any other colors besides this tangerine-looking color??
What is the internal dimensions of the cabin?
What is the weight limit for this product? Could this trailer hold up to a 150 pound pet?
Does this trailer come with hitch setup for connection to a bike?
Would the medium bowl size be adequate to feed 6-8 oz raw diet to a 25 lb American Cocker Spaniel? There are many conflicting reviews regarding bowl size. Plus I need to keep my dogs' ears clean and dry. Thanks for your help.
So, small size or medium? I have a 21lb Long Haired Dachshund with neck trouble and an 18lb Cavalier Spaniel. Want to keep clean ears also.
What is the diameter of the hole in the Medium sized bowl?
how tall is it
What is the diameter of the inside (not including bone tabs) of the small size? I have a 12 lb chihuahua that eats once a day.
What is the diameter of the hole? I use small dessert/fruit bowls to feed my cats and hope they will fit into the recess.
WalkyDog with multiple dogs: Has anyone used this with multiple dogs, either with a multi-leash or a second WalkyDog on the other side?
Does using the "Low Rider" attachment keep the bike steadier when your dog pulls? My dog is pretty well behaved, I just want to minimize my chances of taking a tumble :)
Could this work for a small dog? I've taken my little dog biking before but she darts in front of the tires, so can this accommodate a small dog?
Does everything you need come in the kit or do you need to buy the recommended accessories?
Did anyone else have issues with the cord fraying only after a few uses? If so, did you get a replacemeent from the company?
Is this the new walkydog plus? or do i have to got to thedogoutdoors.com to buy it?
How long is the WalkyDog Leash?
Does it fit on a Trek bike?
Is the clamp large enought to be able to be used on the seat tube rather than on the seat post?
has anyone tried this product with a husky? as with all husky who tend to pull, has this product worked.
what batterys does it use
I am thinking of buying for my five gallon tank. Just want the excess poo and food cleaned from the gravel. Would this be right for me? Cautions?
I cannot fit the plastic piece on the side to use the net etc. any suggestions?
I have a 30gal. tank, with sand as the substrate. Theres lots of poop. Height of the tank is 18in..with about 2-3 of those being sand. Can I use this?
Does this just vacuum up the fish waste but won't suck up sand, gravel and stones? I have 2 Goldfish who make lots of waste.
does this work with sand
could this be cut so that it will work in a tank that is 7 inches tall?
I have a 2.5 gallon aquarium. Will this work?
Where can you buy replacement filters?
Will this work in a two gallon tall aquarium?
what is the diameter? I need to nest it on an elevated "table" for my toy poodles but the elevated tables have too large an opening for shallow metal dishes/plates. the bowls that come with the tables are far too large and too deep. I thought this...
How many dishes are included in this order? Is it one dish or more?
What makes it non-skid? Does it have a rubber bottom?
what is the height of the item?
What is the diameter of the inside? I have a elevated holder with an opening 4.5", don't know if it will rest in the opening
Are they made in China?
Hi. Is it work with 200V or 110V?
what kind of motor does it have rotary or magnetic ?
Is this a medium or heavy duty?
how many and what size blades does this come with?
If it comes with 3 blades why does the text say the 4FC doesn't come with
I've ordered 2 different blades &amp; neither of them fit! has anyone ordered replacement that fit?
Does the BLUE clipper comes with 2 blades?
how maney speeds??
What blades come with these clippers?
Is this unit compatible with Oster blades, like this one? http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000...
This product states 100-acre in-ground fence. Does that mean it will surround an entire acre or what ?
Why does the wire have to be twisted? Does it take three strands of wire? We have 47 acres and want the dogs to have run of our farm.
Do I need something to avoid lightening strikes with this system? I will upgrade to 14 gauge wire; do I also need a lightening protector?
Has anyone used this in the winter with a lot of snow?
does this system come with the longer collar prongs for thick haired dogs like Siberian huskies ?
How is this item on electric bills?
Has anyone used this successfully on a beagle?
To anyone who's ordered the SportDOG SDF-100A fence kit recently: Do the long probes come with the kit or do they have to be purchased separately?
I would be so grateful if anyone can recommend the best invisible fence that would work for very fast and athletic dogs?
how do you use across the driveway? We have a large gate, but our dog can crawl under it.
would it work for human shampooing in a kitchen sink?
can i use any shampoo with this? No pre filled cartriges.
Does it fit all kinds of faucets?
will this work on a tub spout with no shower diverter ??? will it hook into the spout ?????
how long is the hose?
what is the fat%, calories? I have a small dog she is having to lose weight.
Are these made in the USA?
Is there any chicken or poultry in these treats?
how is cinnamon healthy for dogs?
Hello. How was the quality of bag when ordered through Amazon? Were the bags fairly new? Or close to the expiration dates? Thank you
Could I please have the kilocalorie count on the bag? Thank you!
I have 3old dogs...is the grain free formula for senior dogs?
I have a mini dachshund (1 year and 3 months old) and a labrador mix puppy (4 months old), wondering if it would be bad to fee them the same food?
Does this ship in a box?
Is the salmon wild caught or farmed?
Why does is say on the bag, bottom left, "natural food for cats"
can this be given to 2 months old Lab puppy?
Is ship time really 1 to 3 months as is stated on this site????
Recent (late 2014) complaints on Blue Buffalo at consumeraffairs.com. Is anybody here seeing recent problems in quality control?
What are the measurements?
WHAT US THE DEPTH?
What is the exact length of the carrier and does it come with some type of cushion on the bottom?
The o-ring broke in our toy and I can't find a replacement. Can you supply one or tell me where to get one?
Can I buy replacement arms? My cats chewed the strings off.
How do I turn it on so it stays on? Mine only works when I hold down the button, except for once. Do I press and hold or is mine defective?
When I first put the batteries in it is too fast and scares my cats. This toy does not have 'speeds' that you can change, does it?
are the batteries included? is it shipped with the batteries? thank you
Are there replacement wands for pouncing paws
Is this for a case of 24 units? Based upon the description, I seems it is $30 bucks for one can.
this is so confusing how many cans are in a case and how many cases do you get
It doesn't mention anywhere how many cans you get for this price. Can you tell that.
Hi can you tell me the size of the can - is it 3oz or the bigger tins?
can this be used on cats
Hello. Does this kill flea eggs too or juts adults?
what does it contain
ticks
Can this directly spray on my dog?
Can you spray it on hard wood floors?
Can it be sprayed on clothes??
Does this work as good as Diamateous earth for flea control?
Sprayed this on back of cat who had fleas, next day entire back has brown stains. What is this?
Some reviews say it doesn't work well on fleas. Does anyone feel that it works well on fleas? I would need it for outdoor use.
what are the dimensions?
Is this material rigid or flexible (for example as compared to bird cage tray). Looking for firm that doesn't bend and twist as try to hand wash.
what pan do I order when do I order when I need size 42X27
dimensions of the 700 replacement tray
where are the sizes listed
what is the size of the pan?
Will it fit a Midwest kennel model 1536DD?
What is included in the box? It showes a bottle of shampoo, is that in there with the hand held Rapid Bath?
Will it work in the kitchen sink faucet for little dogs? I also have a large dog that I bathe outdoors with the hose. Do I need anything else not incl
I have an indoor outdoor hose that I hope will fit. But how do I attach it to the shower?And where do I get what I need to attach it?
Do you have to use their shampoo, or can I use the shampoo I choose?
Hello, Does this Oster Bathing system come with the shower adaptor, shampoo &amp; 10 foot hose with the sprayer?
i want to understand well English. please everyone help me . does it means the thing makes water out , right ? or the shampoo one ? the picture is confusing me . how do i use this product ? . do i have to hook it up with the water sink for make the...
how long will a 4oz kanberra gel last in a 400 sq ft rv stored in Florida for 6 months ?
Can you use it in temperatures below freezing?
How much would a 2 oz. or 4 02. cover in square feet?
Why am I being charged a shipping fee during check out? The product description says 'free shipping'.
how many needed to cover 400 sq ft
will this fit a 5 pound maltese? I'm trying to keep him from licking bed linens
my yorkie tears leaves marks on him that i cannot get rid of,can you please recmmend something to clear those brown spots from his eyes.,
what size will fit a jack russel her snout size is abour 4"
Will this item be suitable for dressing my pet as Hannibal Lecter for Halloween?
how wide is the muzzle?
Why is the shipping $109.75, isn't that really expensive?
can you put enough bedding in there for a hamster to burrow under? My hamster only sleeps underground, so I need a cage he can dig in
Hi is this cage really 80" long x 50" wide x 50" tall ????
Would this be big enough to house two dwarf hamster sisters together?
Will it take an 8" wheel on the floor or does it have to be mounted on the side?
wondering if the habitrail ovo tubes and accessories are compatible with this habitat?
What are the dimensions
When will the item be in stock? :(
The price is crazy! On your site, the cage itself costs only 60 pounds. Why $239 on Amazon?
hi, how much is this cage in all, including shipping and tax? do you know any other cheaper sites?
Is this made in USA?
Are these soft? I have an older dog who prefers the softer treats.
any idea how much one treat weighs? I'm looking for something larger than what I am currently giving my dogs (0.6 oz/treat).
Where are T Bonz treats made?
What ingredients are on the label of the "Natural Anti-flea Easy Spray Shampoo?
will this work for cats &amp; after i spray it on can they lick it or do i have to take them a shower right away?
Is it hypoallergenic?
How much shampoo do you have to use on a 6lb dog per bath (how long will a 16 ounce bottle last)? I'm trying to figure out how many bottles to purchase.
The Ingredients listed here are EXACTLY the same as the flea and Tic Spray to use on pets and bedding Can U Confirm Ingr. List?
is this product cruelty free??? not tested on animals??
do you rinse after spraying it on?
Will it interact with flea treatments?
can I use this on my dog?
"Animal digest": please define this ingredient, with examples
Where is the product made, and where do the ingredients come from?
How small are the pieces of kibble for Purina Pro Plan sensitive skin and Stomach formula?
Does anyone have an issue with bad smelling gas from this food?
What is the difference between Purina Pro Plan Select adult sensitive skin &amp; stomach formula and Purina Pro Plan Focus adult sensitive skin &amp; stomach?
What does the label say?
I need to know the fat content of this Pro Plan dog food.
Could be good for my Bulldog?
Ingredients?
is this grain free
Can someone tell me the size of this ball? Is it tennis ball size? TIA
Where is this toy made?
Will a 15 lb dog be able to hold it in his mouth?
I need help finding a squeaky toy that my Yorkie cannot chew up
Would a young child enjoy this toy? Thanks.
Does this ball squeak?
Can treats be put in this item?
Will this ball fit in a Chuck-It ball launcher?
Does it float?
is this the litter box sold as "jumbo" -dimensions- 22 long-19.7 Wide- 18.5 high
Can the flap come off? My cats prefer an open door.
is it easy to clean?
How high is just the box w/out the lid?
How does this item do in containing the odor of fresh poop? With my current CleverCat box, the room smells like poop for 15 minutes after my cat poops. Even if I scoop the poop out immediately, the smell lingers.
How many pounds of litter is needed to fill the box up 2-3"?
So, I just received the this awesome Catit jumbo litter box. Dumb question, how is the flap suppose to work (how can the cat get out once in?)
Are there supposed to be 4 side latches on this? Mine only has 3.
In the description it says..." built-in bag anchor" What/where is the built-in anchor. Thank you.
How far is it from the base of the box to the bottom of the opening?
what is the size of collar?
Does it come with multiple collars, or how can it fit both a small dog and a big one?
Are the metal prongs removable? If, for example, you wanted to use this collar as a movie prop and not an actual shocking collar?
I have a 75lb husky is the right size collar ? I noted the description says the collar is for smaller dogs.
What are the receiver dimensions and weight?
will this work with a 7lb Yorkie
Since this unit is a smaller design for smaller dogs, does that mean the battery life is shorter than a model like the NCP1900?
Is there a warranty
Does this come with all the charger gear?
Will this be too big on a 25lb dog? I have a dachshund / blue heeler mix.
Does a training DVD come with this purchase? If not any recommendations? The Leerburg dvd is very expensive.
How many levels of stimulation are on this collar?
Can u adjust the radius making it smaller than 1/2 mile?
The Amazon description mentions "Ceramic heater core for even and efficient heat distribution". Does this have a built in heater?
Is this filter good with a sand substrate?
What do you have to replace for the filter media? And how often I don't believe what the company says about every month
Cost per month? For the filters. Also how many gallons per hour does it do on the lowest setting?
Will it work with a 5 gallon tank? Or do they have a smaller model? Also how low can you turn the flow down to (gph)?
is it as good as bio wheel filters in saltwater tanks?
Do you have to seed the aquarium with any bacteria or do the C nodes have enough bacteria to get things going?
Is this good for a 10 gallon tank,and is it safe for a small turtle? Thank You
How's the noise level for a bedroom? I read that the impeller is loud and the splashing is loud even when the tank is filled to the top..
What is meant by missing media? like is it just the ceramic nodes or carbon or is it the carbon, nodes and sponge?
What media is included with this filter?
I have a 50 gallon tank with a 2 inch rim at the top. Will this filter fit my tank?
Has anyone tried this on a saltwater aqwuarium? I have a 30g I was thinking of trying it on
Does this include media?
I have a spare C4 laying around and a 9 gallon tank. I would like to not have to buy a new filter. Can I use the C4 or is it too much flow rate?
how many watts does the c3 use
I was wondering if these C-series filters will hold there prime if the power would go out for a 1/2 hr. Will they reprime themselves
Is this too heavy to hang on a rimless tank? I have a 34 gallon that is 20"x20" with 5 mm glass.
Will this fit Clear for Life acrylic tanks?
Will this C3 filter work for a 29 gal. aquarium?
is it quite
I live in Australia does it come in 240 Volts
I am gettig a marineland 56 gallon column aquarium, all the reviews on petsmart the mention a filter say you need a certain filter will the 40-70 filter work if anyone knows? Thank You.
What do you think about the C4 for a 37 saltwater setup? Would it be too weak? I have 2 Hydor Koralia Evolution Aquarium Circulation Pumps
how many carbon filters does this take
Would you need a pre filter with this nozzle? For smaller fish and shrimp?
Does the filter prime itself after a power failure or water change? I have a Aquaclear 30 and it does not restart w/o adding water.
Has anyone used this in a 50 gal tank with turtles? If so did it keep the water clean? Trying to upgrade for better environ for my 4 turtles.
I have a 20 gallon long, would this filter be overkill?
What is the width from edge-to-edge (side to side) for this filter? I have a hex aquarium, so each side is only about 8 inches wide.
I have a pit mix, i measured her chest to be 34 inches and her neck 19.5 and I purchased the Lg/X Lg will this fit her?
Would you recommend this for use when running with dogs?
My labrador measures 35 inches in the chest just behind his front legs. Will this fit? Appropriate for moderate mountain hiking?
i have a 7 month old German Shepherd. He walks like a tractor! And I'm sure my arm will give way in some time soon. Will this be appropriate for him?
my dog a lab mix pulls at other dogs so much , she is 50 lbs a medium size dog what wieght is this for?
Will this fit an English Bulldog?
I have a mastiff puppy who is 100 lbs now and I anticipate him possibly filling out to 200 lbs when he is full grown. Would the L/XL fit him?
My golden measures 36 inches around the chest just behind the front legs. Will the L/XL fit?
Maddie is a boxer/ pit bull mix. Her neck is 16" . How do you measure the chest? She seems to be borderline between medium and large. Which one eould
Will this harness fit a 125lb German Shepherd?
I have a 10 lb Chi. Would this fit him?
Will this fit my 16 pound Boston?
how to measure for proper fit
I have an 8 lb mini dachshund. Will any size fit her?
I have a bichon, 8 mos old, 10 #, and a rat terrier, 71/2 yrs old, 17#. What sizes of harnesses do I need?
Is there any chance of the leg slipping through the front straps? Can this be worn 24 hours a day?
i have a bichon frise that weighs 17 lbs. i ordered a x sm and it was way to small. now i'm looking to order a small. will that fit, or should i go for the medium?
I have a 13 and 15 lb dachshund. Will a size small fit?
What is meant by "non-pulling"? Also, my dog chases squirrels. So I'm looking for a harness that won't "choke" him when he does.
What size will fit a miniature schnauzer - small or medium? The descriptions are confusing! One uses chest measurements the other neck?????
I have a lab who is about 55 - 60 pounds - not a particularly big lab - the large seems to be lg/xlg. Will that be too big? Will a med be too small?
is it actually red and black or just black? I specifically want red and black (go DAWGS)
the listing for this item says "medium" but the actual page says "Large/Extra Large", yet still shows the pictures of the beagle. Is this a medium?
Has anyone experienced the black dye running? I have a dog with whitish hair which now looks gray due to the dye running on a different brand harness
How do u you remove the harness.
A small Sporn Harness is too snug around neck &amp; chest of our 13 pound Shih Poo. Should we get a medium or would it likely be too large?
Has anyone used this on a cat?
Wat size do i need for a 9 month old Bichon Poodle puppy weighing about 16 or 17lbs?
How does this harness go on the dog? I have one where it has to go over the nose &amp; head and my dog hates it.
I have a 49 pound pit bull would a medium fit?
How do you train animals to use this?
Can this be used for guinea pigs?
Hi, what are the dimensions of this litter box? It doesn't look like it's 2 3/4 inches in width as described by Amazon.
Would this fit in a kaytee exotic cage (the green one) witch is also on amazon
Is the grid removable?
Can this product be used for guinea pigs?
Do you think the size of this litter pan would be appropriate for a full grown pet rat? Thanks!
Do you use critter litter with this or just regular bedding? I have read mixed reviews on the critter litter for rabbits
can rats use this?
Is there any way to pick the color?
What is the difference between the large and the medium doors--other than price and size of the opening. Do they share same electronics? Material? ..
Is it weatherproof? I live in an area with both heavy winters and hot summers. I am concerned about the energy efficiency...
Does this come with the collars?
Is there a small Power Pet door? My cat is only 9 pounds.
Are these raccoon proof
picture of collar
What is the warranty coverage for this produvt?
"Bat Light" - I installed the optional battery. The Green Battery "OK" is lit. But so is the red Power "Batt". What does the red Batt indicate?
Just want to ensure security...the door is only opened with the "key" that comes with the door itself, correct?
does this door come with a colar
why you show two sides to the cat is it a two piece cat
Many people say the scoop that comes with it isn't great. If I want to use a different scoop, what is the widest one that would fit?
How tall is it?
Has anyone installed this door when owning two dogs of vastly different heights? (Corgi &amp; Lab for example) What height did you install the door at?
How bulky is the collar for a 7lb cat?
Does this door come with collars??
Can anyone please give me the dimensions of the whole unit. Does it fit in a 2x4 framed wall or 2x6 framed wall?
what kind of battery do I need to use in the door if I do not want to wire it up to electricity?
My door is installed but I have yet to get the door to open automatically. I put a new battery in the collar, but the door will not open. Any ideas what is wrong?
is it compatible with an invisible dog fence?
What size cut out for the PX2? The door panel size in 12 1/4 x 16 but in the documentation manual is says 12.88 x 17.25. Which one is correct? thanks
I have a dual pane tempered glass sliding glass door, do I have to buy the Low-e dual pane door or can I use this aluminum version?
How hard would one have to kick it to push the door part out of the frame and gain entry?
How wide is each panal
Can this gate be positioned in angles other than 90 and 180? Or do they have to lock into place?
I have a 15 foot opening. I was thinking buying two of the 4 panel gates would suffice. Will I be able to attach the two gates together?
How heavy is it? can my miniature american eskimo push it?
Is it sturdy enough to withstand dogs jumping on it?
Also. If I buy the six panel, can I remove 1-2 panels if I don't need them?
Also. If I buy the six panel, can I remove 1-2 panels if I don't need them?
What is the widest spacing of the bars? My cat has snuck through other pet gates. Thank you!
I have a straight opening of 74 inches. Can I still use this gate and door? I also have an angled opening of 52 inches. will it work there with door
Can the panels be folded flat (accordian like) against the wall when not in use?
i have 45 gallon tank will it work for white murky water
I am starting a new 75 gal tank. How many do I need? I would assume 2 size mediums but I want to make sure.
How often does the block need to be replaced?
Does this work for turtle tanks?
I have a 26 gallon tank. Will it work?
Is an aerator required? I have a new 10 gallon tank and want to use this to cycle my tank.
will this product lower nitrate in a established aquarium ?
With the 6-panel gate -- if I don't need the full length, can I have 2 panels folded together? Does it fold for storage?
I need to block 150". Can I make it the zigzag "shallower" to cover 150" or would that not be stable? I'm unclear on how the thing works. Thanks.
Could my dog nudge the gate over to sneak by?
I have a 76 inch opening, should I get the 4 panel or 6 panel?
How wide is the door opening in inches?
How can I configure this to create a rectang. pen as shown in photo if panels are 30" and the door is 26"?
I need a more rounded enclosure without all 90/180 degree angles. Do the caps create the 90/180 limits? Can you use a couple panels without caps?
Can I add an extra panel to this?
can it be used outdoors
can the door be removed completely and put it aside?
if i have 2 dogs can i use them at the same time, or are they on the same frequency?
Will this fit a 6 lb dog?
Where can I get another "Controller".
what is the range on this device?
Is this collar waterproof?
Will this work OK fok a 17# dog?
what is the collar length
what are the dimensions?
Does the wire cage part lift easily out of the bottom for cleaning?
is this good for a ferret?
Does it have a wire bottom? Is it safe or are there jagged edges like some reviews mentioned?
Is this a Big enough space for three rats that are not even 6 months old yet (all female)?
Would this cage be suitable for two female rats?
is this good for mice? what is the spacing on the bars
can you remove/ move the levels
CAn this be used for sugar gliders
Can this be used for dogs to get to grooming table 30" tall? Will it be o.k. to keep on covered outside deck?
Will these steps really hold 150 pounds without being unsturdy? I have a 140-pound dog, so I need them to be sturdy.
how many inches from the floor to the top step?
Is it possible to paint these steps a lighter color
Can you take it apart quickly to store in vehicle?
Color name shows "tan" but photo looks like "cocoa"? I would buy stairs if they are truly Pet Gears "cocoa" color. I do not want the PG tan color
My bed is 30" high and my dogs are 5 &amp; 6 lb Yorkies what are the dimensions of the risers ?
Height? It says total height 30.5 inches. There are four steps shown in the picture, each is 6" high,so that adds up to only 24". What gives?
what is the depth of each step. I have read that many of these are too shallow for the dog to trust stepping into it. thanks
HOW TALL ARE THE STEPS ?
how high is this steps?
Why are the steps slanted?
How does this arrive, I need to bring it with me to Mexico City and i want to see if the boxes dimensions will fit in my luggage or I ship it seperate
What is the structure made of?
how much does it weigh and can I transport it to be used at the vet etc?
I have 2 beagles. They weight about 40 pounds each. Are they going to be comfortable on these stairs.
Does this have a chemical smell and will this hold a 15 lb cat ? Also are the zippers secure where my cat cannot get out
Is really 15 inch length??? I will take my 8 pounds cat to an international fligth and the permited size is 15x13x10
What are the measurements of the pet carrier?
would a "16" puppy fit into this carrier her weight is about 5lb.
Does this carrier open from the top and both sides or just one side?
What colors are in the camo pattern? I can see pink and white but I cant tell what the darker color is.
What are the interior dimensions of the stroller's compartment please?
My dogs like to run around. Does this flip bc of the 3 wheels??
does it have replacement parts?
Do you have a made cover for this stroller to keep it clean in side if I leave it outside? Water proof?
Why does the front tire makes so much noise? It seems that the tire is rubbing against the plastic part, bad design?
yes can you tell me how i can go about getting handlebars for the doggie stroller I lost mine and need some
Is this suitable for jogging?
Can i use going up and down stairs?
Is this easy to fold .?
Is the mesh plastic or fabric? I will be using it for cats and don't want them to be able to claw it open.
Can this be converted into a bike trailer?
I have the Pet Gear AT3. My biggest complaint is when my dogs are walking it's difficult to hold onto them and the stroller too. How is this to push when your dog(s) (I have 2) are out walking? I'm short (4'11")
What are the interior dimensions? - need to be roomy for 2 cats. Also, what are the exterior dimensions? - hoping it fits in my SUV for vet trips.
Will the stroller tripped off if my 3 toy dogs stay on one side of it?
I have a 10 gallon tank with 1/4 inch rock in the bottom. Not sure what size i need?
The description says that it comes with "adjustable flow control". Does this part of the siphon work well; especially for slowing the suction down ?
Will this work for 75 gallon tanks? Also, what exactly does it clean?
One reviewer said her arm got tired from squeezing. Do you have to squeeze the bulb repeatedly? I thought physics of siphoning would do that . . .
Does this have a check valve to make priming the pump easy?
Will this work for a 5 gallon tank?
How do you start the water flow and once started does it flow on its own or do you have to manualy pump it?
Does this come with a clip to hold it to a bucket?
Do you have to start this with mouth suction or does it have bulb start
Is this the small, medium, or large size (as mentioned in the bulleted info)?
Does this work with the back seat shoulder harness belt?
So you can use this with just a collar, but ideally you should use it with a harness?
could this product be used with small dogs like dashounds
Anyone know if it will work for 2015 Honda Fit and 2014 CRV
Can this be used with larger dogs? 50lbs or more
Can this be used in a Volvo?
can this be used with any seatbelt in any car? I have a chevy Tahoe and wondering if it will work
Does this seatbelts keep the air bag from deploying an accident?
Is it good for rats
Can I open up the top?
Where are the doors located on this?
Is there a door on the front of the cage? If so what are the deminsions of said door?
Would this work for a quarantine cage for a guinea pig?
How many inches between the wire bars? Is this suitable for a regular size Syrian fancy bear hamster?
How many inches between the wires? Is it suitable for a regular size Syrian fancy bear hamster?
Will this house 2 guinea pigs?
does this cage have a top
What is the bar spacing for this cage? Is it a good choice for a Syrian hamster?
traveling across country in a few mths (by car) and need a sturdy cage for two guinea pigs. They will be living in it for 3 days - would this work?
Would this be an ideal home for a Syrian hamster? My hamster's pretty big, don't think she'd be able to squeeze through the bars.. :3
Would a 12 inch hamster wheel fit into this cage?
Can I add on to this cage?
How much space is between the bars?
Is the spacing between the bars too big to keep a gerbil in?
How far apart are the bars spaced?
does this cage have a door?
How many times per day can this be set for? i.e. 4 times, 6 times, 8 times, etc. etc.
Is this electric or battery operated?
If I'm going away for 3 days. Does this machine have the capacity to cover 2 meals per day for 3 days? Thanks.
what size batteries does the feeder take?
Does it keep the dry food fresh? I'm worried about putting a lot in, and then the food getting stale.
I have lost my manual. I need to re-set the feeding times and amounts. How can I obtain these instructions?
is this feeder electrically operated
How many treats come in a bag?
Are they made in China
where is it made?
My dog just loved these. I've bought the Pet Center Chick &amp; Dog treats no interest. Any suggestions?
How many sticks comes in a bag?
where this one original made? china or ?? is this wraps made from China?
Are these made in China or US?
is it quiet
does this come with the tubing and air stone or do you have to buy them separately?
What type of batteries does it use?
I don't see any size dimensions, can someone please tell me? Is it too big for a 2.5 gallon tank?
does it works on battery only or through direct current also?
is it automatic ?
how much water will this airrate?
How do you open it?
How is the filter attached? Does it come off easily?
Hearing bad things about the filter? And lighting? I heard the filter sucks and the lights tend to either burn out or the switch quits? Honest opinion
Is the tank made of glass or acrillic?
does the 5 gallon tank come with the pebble basket? thanx
I want to keep five shrimp, one snail, and a betta in here. What kind of substrate should I use, and what else should I know for this set up?
Is the decor tray attached or can you take it out?
I know that you can fix the filter if it makes noise, but can you hear the water flowing into the aquarium?
What are the dimensions?
Does the 5 Gallon come with Gravel and Pebbles for the top? I know the grass isn't included.
is the light strong enough to grow live plants in the aquarium?
weight?
My dog has storm phobia and goes completely nuts during stoms. If he is inside of something, he wants OUT and the other dog wants out to get to him. My midwest icrates are a joke. I have two of them for two 70lb dogs and we frequently come home to them...
need a cage with 3, 4, 6, 8 gauge wire but cannot afford the shipping. ned to use prime do u have one under prime program, can this one go under Prim
The product states 3,4,6,8 gauge wire - which gauge is the 48" x 30" crate? Thank-you
For the pros: Is this the clipper I need to groom my Labradoodle? She has the thick and dense hair that does tend to dred if not brushed often. Thanks
Do they all come with a protective boot to provide additional protection for the cord pack .??
How would you describe the quietness of this clipper. We've been using the Oster A5 for years and it is both heavy and terribly noisy.
Are these clippers 110V or 120V?
what is the model # on this clipper? is it 63215?
are the blades the same as the Oster A5?
The shipping time says it will be shipped between 1 &amp; 2 Months!? Is that accurate?
Hi, Can I use this with 220 voltage?
what is the stroke per minute?
I bought this based on the positive reviews. In using it on my Schnauzer, it hardly cuts the hair at all. Am I doing something wrong?
I have a 16 lb (sometimes 18lb) cat. Would this support him jumping on and off of it or would it fall over?
how tall is this tower
Does this have sisal on both outsides of the "hutch" part?
Is there a way to tighten the tower so that it doesn't collapse easily when my cat sits on it?
Does it have catnip rubbed in the scratching posts?
Can someone tell me the dimensions?
Has anyone had trouble with the material wearing to the wooden frame quickly? If so, is it worth an exchange? My kitten is 3 mo old.
will this work good for my 75 gallon tank/
do you constantly have to keep tweeking this to get it to work right? thank you
does the pump come with it?
How fast will this ship if i pay for 1 day shipping?
Does anyone know the footprint of this skimmer??
will these fill the Cat Mate Fountain?
How do you know when to replace the filter? I've seen from 30 days to 90 days but what about appearance of the filter, other indicators, etc.? How do you tell if it needs to be replaced at 30 days versus at 90 days?
will a petmat DELUXE filter fit on a REGULAR petmate water fountatn?
When I atempted to locate filters for the Aspen pet fountain, these filters were shown. Will these filters fit the Aspen pet fountains?
What is the measurement of the filter?
How do you know when to replace the filter? From what I've seen, it's recommended from every 30 days to every 90 days?.
I am a little confused about drums vs bands. What do I need to order with this tool for grinding my dog's nails?
What size grit for small dogs should i use
Would I be able to right-handedly dog nail grinding while facing dog? Does the rotation rotate towards you when holding with right hand? [unlike 7700]
Do sanding bands come with the kit?
why are you $5.00 higher on this Item .... than Walmart?
Can't figure this this out! What am I doing wrong?
does the dremel 7300-pt kit come with charger
What's the difference between the Dremel 7300-N/8 MiniMite 4.8-Volt &amp; the Dremel 7300 PT?
What is the rpm range
Does the 7300- PT have a light to help you see?
Does this have one or two leash clips?
Is the dog strapped in or free to get out?
I have a 30 lbs dog - will he be comfortable in this or not? He's a pug/beagle mix.
What are the inside dimensions of this seat?
Is this large enough for 3- 6 lb dogs?
How high above the seat does this lift the pet?
My Westie chews to pieces every padded bed we try. He is 3 and is using just a plain hard cage. Ideas?
Does it attach with a shoulder strap seat belt? The photos appear to show only lap belts.
Can you tell me if the "sheep-skin" liner is actual sheep-skin or if it is artificial? Thanks!
Can this seat fit in the front seat or does it have to go in the back?
what are the dimensions
would a 20lb dog fit this bed.
Will this fit a 15-20 lbs. dog????
Is it sheep fur or cruelty free?
I specifically desire a black sofa bed; how do I request the black and white or black and beige?
I only want black and white please.
how much do the dog support to weigh for this bed.
how much should the dog weigh for this bed.
where was this made please?
what size is it?
How big is this (will it fit an adult leopard gecko)? And what material do you think it's made of?
does this fit in the corner of the tank so you can look in?
Does this product work in aquariums (under water)?
what size for a dog with a 22 inch neck? will the puppia xxl harnass sold here on amazon fit over this coat?
what size for a dog with a 22 inch neck? will the puppia xxl harnass sold here on amazon fit over this coat?
What is the lime green plastic thing with 3 holes for? It came with the backpack.
I have an Am Bulldog who has a 30" girth. I think the Large would be too big. Is there any extra strap length for a few more inches of girth?
What is the bonus that is mentioned in the title?
what is the lime green plastic cups?? i got 2 of them, and have no clue what they are!
Has this backpack ever been offered in the pink (raspberry?) color pictured? My dogs leash and collar are raspberry pink and this would have been perfect.
How much does this pack weigh empty? Is the pack suitable for multi-day backpacking trips or just short walks?
When you pullout the handle,are there two manual lever locks I can use to lock handle in place so it won't collapse?
does this carrier fit under airline seat laying flat?
Is there any way to get this 19"high bag into an 18" space?
I'm looking for a back/front pack carrier for my toy poodle Can this carrier still be used without attaching the rollers and handle?
I don't where to put the spring that comes with the carrier. Help pls? Thx.
What are the demensions of this carrier?
Will it fit under the seat on an airplane?
I have a small cat. We're travelling by plane for the first time with her. Will this fit under the seat on a Lufthansa long distance flight?
hello I want to know if a dog of 22" of large can go inside, I want 3 I have 3 dogs thanks
How Long after starting do you see a difference?
What is the entire list of ingredients?
what are the ingredients in this?
what is in this product
what is the recommended dosage by weight?
Do the pills have a flavor to make giving them to my dog easier?
silica: Can they proof their product is 100% silica free?
I have one bird--want to put this in my own mix, is there a way to store this so it will last for awhile?
does this product is for human consumption
Alpiste Seeds: Are these the seeds for humans to consume?
how do you use canary seeds for human consuption
Is this product for birds or is it for humans? It says it is a bird item!??
I need the installation and folding instructions as mine have somehow disappeared from the box.
Does anyone have the installation instructions that came with the Pet Barrier. I also need to know how to fold it up for storage.
what is the size?
Is there any way to have the drink holder on the back of the console in the OPEN position while this is installed? Our dog water drinks from cups in the back cupholder.
does this product fit all cars?
will it work for a cat?
does this barrier extend all the way to the floor?i don't have a center council between my two front seats in my van and don't want him to go under it
Is this an adjustable heater?
gallons heated?
Does this model require a GFCI outlet?
Does the dial on this heater have numbers for easy temperature adjustments?
What is the minimum water level fill height in inches?
I plugged it in but no heater light turns on. Does anyone know why?
I have a 17.1 gallon tank which size should I get. It is only 14 " tall.
Can it be installed horizontally? I have a 1.5 gal tank &amp; it will not fit vertically, but I like that the t can be set (unlike the mini ones).
What is the range of gallons this heater will heat? I have a 2.5 gallon tank with one betta in it. In-home temperature is usually 64-72 degrees F.
Anybody using this 50w heater in Fluval edge 6 gallon? The manufacturer says this heater is for 6.6 Gallon or more. Just concern.
What is the size of this? Can i use it in my betta's 1 gallon acrylic aquarium?
DOes this thermometer contain mercury or alcohol?
will it float if i have no gravel?
Do you know what the temp should be for betta fish?
can this item be used in dry environment such as a turtle basking site?
Is this item strong? I will be placing these in my 125 Gallon tank with 2 Red eared sliders who are very active and strong. Will it break?
Is this flavored so my cat would want to eat it straight? I am getting something from my vet that he will eat like a treat but it is expensive.
Are these manufactured in the United States?
can the tablets be cut.. I use 2 &amp;1/4 for 1 dog and when I cut mine in half I can cut them easily... and can they be crushed to mix into food???
Are the pills much bigger than the 200mg pills? Someone below calls them HUGE, but in comparison, say to a dime, is it smaller?
correct size for a 25 lb Beagle medium or large, for living space?
Can this be secured by using the seat belt into a car seat?
Can you carry a 40 lb dog in here?
Is there any plastic smell or off gassing associated with this product?
Is the thermal heat retention pad removable?
do the pads have some tape on back to stick to the floor?
What do people buy used wee-wee pads for?
Is there a pad holder large enough to fit these? Handmade ideas are OK.
Is the liner of the pad beige or blue?
My dog is three years old and has always "gone" outside. How hard will it be to train her to use these?
Can they be used to product furniture? A couch cushion where my 10 year old dog loves to rest. Unfortunately, she has accidents.
does a light breeze or wind indoors blow the pad away?
Do these have any scent or fragrance? I'm looking for totally unscented/fragrance free pet pads.
Just got a puppy and she only wants to chew on the pads. How do we get her to actually use them for the intended purpose?
What are the dimensions of this item?
what miiligram.ie;60?
I just started my 9 year old standard poodle on Cosequin DS yesterday. I am wondering if any one has experience with the product and if they switched to the Plus MSM version and why
Is there any sodium or artificial ingredients in these supplements?
what is the best before date if i buy now&#xFF1F;thanks&#xFF01;
Where is this product made? Thanks!
How big are they? I have a little 8 pound Shorkie. Thanks
So are these chewable or not?
Are the tablets scored for breaking in half? Thanks!
are these made in the USA?
What flavor are these and wll my dog like it as a treat?
How well does the hose attachment work? I'm planning to rent this more for my upholstered couches than the carpet.
how easy is this to clean? I have another Bissell model of wet vac that is disgusting because there is no way to get in and clean out the ugh.
Can you use detergent
Does this thing leak??? I have another brand and the dirty water leaks out while you are vaccuming off the excess water.
Cannot get dirty water to go into dirty container
does this vibrate or shock them?
Should the red light show? Is the black dial used to control the shock? Instructions did not say.
12" doesn't even start to go around my dogs neck. How is this measured?
It came with what looks like a small LED or something. Anyone know what it is?
i have an underground fence, will this work with it? I don't want my dogs confused.
what kind of battery does it take?
Will this work on a small dog? A teacup Chihuahua? She is about 6 lbs.
Why is it so cheap?
what size battery
does it come with batteries?
Will this work in a Mercedes ML350?
Does the product come in a set of two, one for each door?
Is the color of this product gray?
I have a 2004 ToyotaCamry, will having these in place restrict me from rolling up and down the windows for my dog to stick her head out when we drive?
will this fit in a 2010 Range rover Sport rear windows?
Do these come in black?
Will the cover fit the door in a Mercury Mariner SUV?
Will these work for a BMW 328i?
The covers have now caused me several serious problems. How can we resolve these issues? Don't have enough space to explain, please contact me.
Is this two pieces(left and right)?
Would this size work for a male great Pyrenees?
Is this cover easy to get back on after washing?
Is the brown color the same as the one shown in the photo?
Is the bed hot? We have a memory foam mattress and it does caress you and is very warm. Too warm in the summer months.
How firm is it? I am concerned about our dog (15 yrs old) getting in and out since she has a hard time and looses her balance on her soft bed.
my 75 pound dog digs, how durable is the cover?
Where is this bed made? Thx
bed size?
Does the memory foam have a chemical Odor?
what comes in this item? Does it come with 2x of the mircofiber covers or 1x microfiber and 1x internal waterproof cover?
Can I get the bundle of 2 if ordering throuh Amazon?
Will this bed work for my two dogs (Weight 50 and 40lbs respectively).....??
What are the dimensions of this dog bed when shipped?
Why can't this product be shipped to me. My address is Spider Lily Rd. Diana TX 75640
my dog is incontinence will the waterproof cover keep foam dry
Where can I get a water-proof cover replacement for the Extra Large Therapeutic Memory Foam Dog Bed. It needs to be replaced after nearly 3 years.
Our dog got sprayed by a skunk. Can I wash green canvas cover machine cold water/machine to get extra skunk smell out w/o effecting water resistancy?
What color is the cover?
Is this bed made in the USA? If not, where?
I have a large aggressive chewer. Can this bed stand up to that kind of abuse?
our 13 yr old shepherd is having a hard time even moving around house...can this be worn indoors? if so how do they lay down?
what is the easiest way to get this on and off? Also, would she be able to manage 3 steps or should i find a way to ger her off the porch first?
What is the width of the sling the dogs measure F? What I want to know how wide is the girdle the dog lays on?
Can this be converted to 4 wheels?
what is width 10.5 ID mean?
I just received the wheelchair. I would love to talk to some one who sucessfully used this device.
Can this be used on a three legged dog. Kimble is missing one rear leg most of his 13 years.
My dog is just under 100 pounds (like 95ish lbs). Should I go with the 60-100 lb or go to the XL? He is a Rhodesian Ridgeback
how do i return a dog wheel chair
Hey! I have a African Grey Congo, was wondering if this cage is sturdy, safe &amp; secure while traveling ? Will my bird be comfortable enough ? Thx
I have a African Grey....18 mos old. Will he fit inside this cage comfortably?
Is this cage good for a green cheek conure?
I need a small bird cage to wean a baby cockaiel. Can you remove the wire grate on the bottom?
Would this cage be a good weekend home for my english budgie?
Will the white paint used to white coating flake off or be dangerous to the bird in any way?
what material is this made of? is it stainless steel? I am looking for a stainless steel cage.
Do you think this would make a good "weekend home" for my pet rat?
While hanging the cup holders, I found out one of the holders is too small. I switched cups, but still the holder is too small. Any suggestions?
Would this be a good cage to carry home two young lovebirds? Will the bars be too far spaced apart?
My cat is a fatty (17lbs). He also thinks he is a gymnast (launches himself off of...everything). Will fattycat gymnastics be an issue?
Did any of your cats actually used the ladder?
Can someone who owns the tree could confirm that if it is really 50-inch wide (including the space that the ramp takes)? Or is it less than that? TY!
what are the posts made of?
Is there any way to purchase a single platform from the company (the top-most one broke off the 2nd day my cats used it)?
To big for just one kitty? I will be bring home a new kitten in a couple of weeks (she will be my only cat) and I am very interested in this cat tree it seems to have the best price vs. its size.
What is the diff between this and the other "beige" one for $107? The other one's posts seem to be partially wrapped with sisal -- this one doesnt
does it require assembly ?
Amazon has 2 different sets of dimensions listed on the page for this cat tree. I'd be grateful if someone who has bought it could confirm the size.
I bought this exact model 50W 26L 72H my cats love it, but the legs are needing replaced . Is there any way to buy replacement parts?
how much does it weigh?
does it move around a lot when you touch it
is the table made of plywood or particle board?
How flat (compact) does this table fold down to?
Weight limit.?
What is the weight limit on this bag for a small dog? My dog is 16 lbs., shih tzu.
I have a maltese dog, would this bag fit her comfortably?
How long are the straps?
Is this able to be placed under the seat in front of you on an airplane?
Can somebody tell me the sizes of this carrier? Long, wide and high? Thank you!!!
What in the heck are the exact measurements??
Do you ship to Bitola, Macedonia?
Can two Yorkshire terriers fit in this bag together comfortably?
Does the bag have an attached leash inside the bag to keep the dog from jumping out even when the bag is slightly open?
is it just the collar or does it have the reciever
is this the same unit as the PetSafe SKU# PIG00-10777? PetSafe does not offer a product without wire and flags on their website.
How many acres or feet of wire will this transmitter cover or charge?
can i add 10 collars?
is this a wire free fence
So,no-wire doesnt mean it is wireless, it just means it doesnt come with the wire needed ?
How far does this fence reach without the wire?
Does this product also have a remote for other training issues?
what are the dimensions of this kennel?
Where does this kennel travel on the airline, I travel Jet Blue.
does the 15 lb kennel accurately match the picture. traveling internationally and holes must be on four sides. the two main sides must hv wire grate
Exactly where are you measuring the kennel? Is the width measured where it sticks out around the middle where it is bolted.Or at the top?
What is the weight of this Kennel. I need this to carry my African Grey from JFK to Cape Town SA as Cargo.
Does the kennel come with the Live Animals decals attached or seperate so you have a choice of attaching them or not?
Does this kennel meet the requirements of the USDA &amp; IATA for shipping live animals?
Would this Carrier be Okay if I insert a perch for med size parrot flying from USA to South Africa
Is it soft or padded inside?
Can this fit two kittens together?
48 x ??x?? I need to know the measurements
Is this a single bulb or double bulb fixture?
Does it come with a bulb?
Would this work in a bowl or no?
Does this work on a plastic tank (my son just has a small 1.5 gallon plastic tank)?
Will this work well on a 5 gallon glass tank?
Will this get rid of green spot algae ?
How would this work on calcium (hard water) deposits on the inside of the tank?
How well do these work with thick glass? Our 120G aquarium has 1/2" thick glass.
What is the size in inches?
Does this magnet need a cleaning pad replaced after each cleaning?
what size is it?
I have a 20 gallon tank, when I change the water there is a hard water stain inside the tank. . Not sure what product to buy. So many to choose, do I get an Algae cleaner. thanks
if two of these cushions are used in the back seat, is there a gap in the center area or are the cushions snug?
Will there be room for these with the front seats scooted back? There is a much smaller gap than 12". It's more like 9". Will they still fit?
Can you cut the foam to better fit the back seat legroom space? My compact sedan back legroom is 20" wide. This Orvis extender is 25" wide.
what are the measurements/
how does this fit over the hump in the middle of the floor? Will it fit my Volvo SUV?
Will this fit in my 1998 Honda Civic EX ( I hope it does) ?
I have a console that extends into the back seat area, making the width only 22 inches. Would it be possible to cut the width from 25 to 22 inches?
will it fit a 2009 honda civic 1 pad directly in the middle where the console is ? our dog loves laying on the console but has a gap under his belly
will it fit a 2009 honda civic 1 pad directly in the middle where the console is ? our dog loves laying on the console but has a gap under his belly
why does it turn off? for example, I just truned it on and as soon as my dog starts barking the remote has truned off meaning you cant press the lauch
s this handheld or can th transmitter be sat somewhere and as dog aporaoches they receive shock/ warning
What size batteries does the remote control use? I need to buy new ones. Remote Pet Trainer LCD display Dog Electric Training Collar With Remote Controller
Would this fit a toy poodle ?
batteries in both the remote and the collar but it does not seem to work. I got beeps from the collar and I get a light from remote doesn' seem to con
will this work on a 60 lb dog?
Can you sync this collar to with the pet trainer rechargeable remote?
my dog chewed the instructions on how to set the trainer collar up please can u tell me how to set it up
What sounds are included? Need some examples.
How far
what's the list of call sounds in this?
Remote won't turn on why not
need a battery for flextone remote
can i use this in my long haired guinea pig cage to keep the bottom of my new canvas lined cage from getting soiled? pine shavings will be on top ?
Is it washable? I thought maybe it could be washed and reused? Is it good for a ferret? he is tearing up the newspaper liner in his cage.
can I use this to line the Zoo Med Tortoise house for my box turtles. I will also be using cedar shavings on top.
For the 21.5" width, the label/size selector says 25' long roll; the description says 100' roll - which is it?
Does the metal cage collapse for travel?
Will crate be large enough for a bullmastiff?
Will the large crate be big enough for a labrador retriever? Our puppy comes home next month - 4 lbs today, but will grow bigger faster!
Is this cage 42" long or 36" long ... makes a big difference. Most large cages are 36" long
We were thinking of buying the large and setting our TV on top of it. Is it strong enought to support that?
What size fits a 42 # labradoodle??
what size for cocker spaniel?
Is the door removable?
Are there two doors?
Hello,I was wondering if you can ship this to Toronto, Ontario CANADA?
Have a bichon puppy which I expect to be about 15 lbs. Want something roomy enough to stretch out on her back. Would medium size be best?
The dimensions, are they the cage only or does this include the wood cover as well? Trying to fit this in a certain space. Thanks!
what are the measurments?
my dog is 17 pounds is medium a good size
Are you able to open the side crate door flat against the side or does it stick out when opened all the way?
Is the wood something the dog can chew.also I am getting a golde retriever puppy. Will the medium cage work?
Do you think a 50 pound dog would fit in the medium ? I want it just for sleeping at nights and when we are gone in the day.
I have been reading the reviews for this medium sized crate. Most are saying two doors. Is this flimsy? And is there a divider included in med crate?
Does this have 2 doors? And would a medium size be big enough for a 26 lb French bulldog? Thanks! :)
what size would be best for a full grown whippet (picture a medium greyhound) 45 pounds?
What are the inside cage dimensions?
whats the length from left to right of cage with out the skirt
How does the cave comes packed? In a BOX of what dimension?
What are the dimensions of this cage?
Is the color shown the actual color of the cage?
Does it fold easily and have carrier? Interested for taking when camping.
Can this be used in the house?
will it scratch the floor?
Is there any protection on the bottom of the pen to prevent scratching of hardwood floors?
I am looking for a play yard to take to the park for my two very small house rabbits. What is the distance between the vertical bars?
Can this attach to the door opening of a crate?
What is the overall size of the pen?
How difficult is it to remove/replace sections?Can it be used straight instead of pen? How to make it stand without fastening to walls?
How prone to rust is the product? Can it be left outside for a while?
Can you tell me how wide the door opening is on this pen? I've springer spaniels &amp; want to be certain momma can fit through without any problems ; )
How many panels come with this! The pictures that is shown above, is that what your buying?
is it foldable?
is this epoxy coated? can it be used as a fence?
Can the circle be opened to use as a straight fence?
Would this work as an outside play area for 3 bunnies? Plan to buy 2 sets to encompass their large, sturdy, insulated hutch
How long will it take to ship to 32814?
How much does this weigh?
Several of our stakes bent when my wife tried to anchor it outside. Can you buy replacement stakes?
is there a top so cats cant jump out
Is the door opening big enough for a large dog to go through? (black lab)
Would this be easy to take and set up for camping
Can this be used inside? Or is it only usable on the grass with the stakes?
Would this pen work well for a rabbit?
would 2 chihuhua terrior mix be able to get out? because im considering buying this so that way we will able to go traveling without them getting ou
I am thinking about this for my ferrets. My only concern is if they will be able to squeeze through the bars. How wide are the small bars spaced?
Looking for a pen for a new King Charles Cavalier puppy, that will work when he is full grown at 14-18 lbs as well. Not sure if I should go with the 3
what is the size of each panel,so i can determine sq. ft. of this 8 panel pen??
What height size for a scottish terrier?
There are concerns that the top v-shape gap where the pins connects panels is a hazard? How wide is that gap? Thinking of fitting it with foam tubing.
How many panels come in the set?
Is it rust prof? I live in the northwest.
Can you buy individual panels? Is there a taller one? If you use it indoors, how does it anchor to floor?
can this hold a 60 pound German shepherd and does it stay in place?
How many pannels come with this?
Is 40" tall enough to hold a German shepherd puppy until it's bigger?
Considering this pen for our new lab/boxer mix puppy - is the 40" height enough to keep them from jumping out? As they age as well?
Does it rust
is there a top available for this pen?
Any idea what one panel weighs? Is it a lot heavier than the thinner wire ones? Thanks.
how easy does it stand alone.?..I am wanting to use it as a barricade across carport.
Does this bag have a firm pad in the bottom? I don't want my baby to be squished. :)
Are there pockets for a wallet or phone on the bag?
Can this be carried over your shoulder?
is this bag too big for a 6 pound toy poodles
I'd like to use this for taking my cat to the vet. Can you tell me if it's fully closable so that my cat can't escape, or does it have a head hole?
how much does the bag itself weigh?
Does this bag have a "window" at either end so that your dog can stick their head out?
I have a maltese dog, My dog weighs about 6 pounds. What size you recommend?
I have a light brown puppy. Could anyone see him in it? I would love to take him every where, even to a restaurant
What are the inside dimensions of this bag?
Is this really 13" long? States 13 x 0.5 x 0.2 inches ; 3.2 ounces
will the blue moonlight effect make glo-fish glow?
How many watts is each module?
Will this work with the Ramp Timer
will this connect directly to the power supply or do you need to buy a 10 inch strip first to connect them?
we love this light but have only had it a few months and it has stopped working. are there replacement bulbs?how can we tell if its the light vs plug
What are the demensions for the xl crate
What are the dimensions, the Reviews are conflicting with the manufacturer?
what is the color
What is the maximum weight for this product?
what is the difference between angel eyes and natural angel eyes
Is Tylan ingredient in this product? The reviews said without Tylan it does not work.
Do you put the angel tears in the dog's food or water?
How is the "natural" flavor different from the regular beef or chicken flavor? ...I read some reviews that said the natural flavor doesn't contain tyrosine which is the most effective ingredient in angels eyes products. Doesn't anyone know if this is...
How do I get Angel Eyes to replace my wrong order? They refuse
I read one review about the buying thinking he received a knock off brand. Did yours come with any K &amp; H materials? Paperwork or flyer attached?
What are the interior measurements of this bed?
Is there an option to buy one of the bigger size beds? I see there are 3 different sizes listed, but do not see a size option button to choose from.
It says this bed is 16"x20". Are these the exterior dimensions or interior? Thanks.
Where was this dog bed made? Thank you
The neighbors outdoor cat sleeps on a blanket on our front porch, are the sides high enough on this bed to protect her from the wind?
I can't find information on where the bed is made. I don't want to buy products from China.
How thick is the padding? I've seen a lot of pet beds at Petco with chintzy padding. Our dog is elderly &amp; needs nice thick padding.
What are the washing instructions?
what is this made of to make it self warming. What is manufacture size stated for this product?
I read one review about the buying thinking he received a knock off brand. Did yours come with any K &amp; H materials? Paperwork or flyer attached?
What are the interior measurements of this bed?
Is there an option to buy one of the bigger size beds? I see there are 3 different sizes listed, but do not see a size option button to choose from.
It says this bed is 16"x20". Are these the exterior dimensions or interior? Thanks.
Where was this dog bed made? Thank you
The neighbors outdoor cat sleeps on a blanket on our front porch, are the sides high enough on this bed to protect her from the wind?
I can't find information on where the bed is made. I don't want to buy products from China.
How thick is the padding? I've seen a lot of pet beds at Petco with chintzy padding. Our dog is elderly &amp; needs nice thick padding.
What are the washing instructions?
what is this made of to make it self warming. What is manufacture size stated for this product?
Warms up to 15 deg. above ambient temperature, so if it's 20 degrees out does that mean the bed will only heat up to 35 degrees? Thats not warm enough
Hi, I have 3 large male cats, would need the large size bed. My ? is how thick is the actual padding of this bed as opposed to the heated mat? thanks
Does this bed have a three-pronged plug on the cord?
Can you feel if the heat is working by touch? We can't feel the heat, trying to determine if it's working or not.
I BOUGHT this bed, it got soiled. Any way to get the warming unit out of the bottom of the bed?
How long is the electrical cord?
Anyone using this bed for a small dog like a Chihuahua? How's that working for you? Any trouble with them getting in and out?
is this really machine washable? I took out the foam outer ring and the heating pad, but there is no way to take out the bed stuffing. &amp; it says spot clean??
Anybody's comes all misshapen. The hood is deformed and the bed is so crooked and un-circular. Will it go back to original shape after awhile
We have an old girl, she's 20 and weighs just 4 pounds, so she really needs the heat. Will this put out enough heat to keep her comfy?
Warms up to 15 deg. above ambient temperature, so if it's 20 degrees out does that mean the bed will only heat up to 35 degrees? Thats not warm enough
Hi, I have 3 large male cats, would need the large size bed. My ? is how thick is the actual padding of this bed as opposed to the heated mat? thanks
Does this bed have a three-pronged plug on the cord?
Can you feel if the heat is working by touch? We can't feel the heat, trying to determine if it's working or not.
I BOUGHT this bed, it got soiled. Any way to get the warming unit out of the bottom of the bed?
How long is the electrical cord?
Anyone using this bed for a small dog like a Chihuahua? How's that working for you? Any trouble with them getting in and out?
is this really machine washable? I took out the foam outer ring and the heating pad, but there is no way to take out the bed stuffing. &amp; it says spot clean??
Anybody's comes all misshapen. The hood is deformed and the bed is so crooked and un-circular. Will it go back to original shape after awhile
We have an old girl, she's 20 and weighs just 4 pounds, so she really needs the heat. Will this put out enough heat to keep her comfy?
What does the DS and MSM stand for?
ingredients?
Are these chews really soft? I purchased K9 immunity plus chews that turned out to be so hard that I have to break them up so my 20 lb. dog can chew it up.
Is the shellfish origin high in phosphorus?
What is the expiration date?
what is product strength
Does anyone know why some box have - Professional Line on the top? its the same size 60
Need help. Do you think that this is a good collar for her?
how much distance has the collar got
Is there a way to buy a replacement charging cable? I lost the USB charging cable. Alternatively, can you tell me what type of cable it takes?
I have a St Bernard, he is 5months old and won't listen all the time when I call him to come to me. Will this help him listen to me?
Will this collar fit an English bulldog? 20" seems too small.
I have no power indicator light on my receiver? How do I activate it?
Need to know the batteries size and volts in the collar
Is this to strong for a 6 to 7 lb dog
Product showed up. There were no additional batteries for the collar. I see that it says to charge for 8 hours the first time. Its been charging for 3. I just wanted to make sure its working, im getting no response from the collar. No vibration, no...
purchased in February 2014. all worked fine for 2 months. now only the vibrate works. shock will not. what is warranty?
Is the cooler side the suede side for my dog? Sorry for the silly question.
can you purchace a extra cover
What are the inside dimensions or sleep area size? I have a 65# pooch
what is the actual sleep surface size inside the bed?
Is the fabric inside of brown one beige or white?
Where was the dog bed made?
Any ideas on how to get the light colored lining of this brown bed clean?
Would two 12-13 lb dachshunds fit in this bed? They like to cuddle up together. :)
Is it 25 inches in the bottom of the bed, or across the top edges? thanks!
My dog is 15 lb and is about 13" inch tall and 24" (2 ft) long. Is this good size for him? or too big or too small?
Is this good enough size for Coton De Tulear?
is this big enough for a french bulldog?
is it washable
what is the actual sleep surface size inside the bed?
Is the fabric inside of brown one beige or white?
Where was the dog bed made?
Any ideas on how to get the light colored lining of this brown bed clean?
Would two 12-13 lb dachshunds fit in this bed? They like to cuddle up together. :)
Is it 25 inches in the bottom of the bed, or across the top edges? thanks!
My dog is 15 lb and is about 13" inch tall and 24" (2 ft) long. Is this good size for him? or too big or too small?
Is this good enough size for Coton De Tulear?
is this big enough for a french bulldog?
is it washable
How tall are they?
I have a 70 lb shepherd who needs help to get into the car. Will these work? We have a sedan.
The dimensions are 15 x 20 x 16. Which one is the height?
I have hardwood floors-says these have grippers on bottom and don't slip-is this correct?
What kind of material makes up the base of this item?
I'd like to know how high the steps are?
My bed is 24 inches high. My Yorkie is 7pounds, Should I get 3 steps or 4 steps?
I want to use this for a display. Is the cover removable and what does it look like without the cover? Does it fold up?
Is this a one piece step with removable cover? Under the cover are the steps made of plastic?
how high are the steps
why are you selling this for almost 20 dollars (plus shipping and handling) when It's sold for 10 dollars at Trader joes?
Is there any MSM in addition to the glucosamine &amp; condroitin
How big are the tablets? Can they be crushed and added to canned food?
My vet recommends double strength the dose that is listed on product. Is this due to the source of ingredients?
Can this be given to cats? And if so how long usually before you see improvement?
is this supplement gluten free?
It says made in USA but do the ingredients also come dfrom the US or is it just assembled here from foreign products?
Are these a soft chewable or a hard pill? If they are hard, how big are they? Do they have a notch were they can be cut in half or even quarters?
what is the amount of glucosamine and the amount of chondroitin in trader joe's glucosamin chondroitin for dogs?
does it contain msm
Is this safe on plants?
For dog pee on concrete. Should I pour it on, dry it off with a towel, then pour more on and let it sit an hour? 1 tbsp. to a gallon?
Does it eliminate odor only, or does it remove the stain also?
Can you use it on hardwood floors
Is effective at all for human urine odors in clothing. I have a potty training child.
This product comes in a scented and unscented formula. What fragrance does the scented formula have?
Is odormute safe for outside grass an plants?
will it work on artificial grass?
If I have a carpet steam cleaner, could I put this in the water (that will be forced into the carpet as steam)? Right now I use OxyClean.
What are the ingredients &amp; strengh?
How many milligrams are these capsules?
Does this help with cat UTIs? ( bladder health)
Where is this product manufactured?
I can not find the instructions - I put new batteries in both collar and transmitter the sound and light works but the shock or vibrate do not HELP
should this stop my dog from chasing chickens?
Does it come with batteries?
Is this unit water resistant?
I am having tremendous difficulty getting the collar strap into the small slips on the unit. Anyone else have this problem and found a solution?
How can you open the receiver on the collar to replace the batteries?
HAVE A 10 LB. POODLE. WILL THIS B OK FOR HIM
where do i find replacement screw on caps,nuts???for testing
will this only correct when remote prompted?
so I already have one of these and it works great, i now have a puppy, need to know if I get a new one willthe controller shock the other one I have?
I need this cooar to fit a 5lb Maltese? What do you think?
So how do you adjust the collar? There was no instructions in the box.
The red light on mine does not show it is on, is it suppose to?
Will the collar activate with whining, our dog whines more than barks. He is keeping us up all night &amp; we have tried every training option we can find
Does a remote come with this collar?
Will this work when the dog growls/snarls as well?
We have a tten lb. pomeranian that barks constantly. Would this fit her without hurting her ?
What if your dog is stubborn and just does not want to learn? I don't want one of these collars but I have to do something.
we need the collars for 2 pugs, will they fit there necks, neither are overweight
What size is the bark collar, and is it adjustable?
What are the measurements of the inside area where animal will be? I have huge 18 lb maine coon cat mix. I want to make sure it fits. I assume dimensions given are exterior measurements. I need interior measurements. Thanks.
I just received bed. Description says easy wash and care, easy for machine wash. But tag says wipe clean with damp sponge. Help!
will a 42 lb dog fit in this bed?
What's the bottom material made of? Will it be easily chewed open?
what is the country of origin?
our puppuy may hit 50 lbs soon...is bed big enough .
My pup is a 40lb lab/terrier mix. From reviews it looks like this is for much smaller dogs...any one using this for a medium sized dog? Thanks!
Is this made in China?
Does the hood come down and will it fit for 25 pound dog?
Does this come in large size?
Will this fit a 65# golden retriever?
washing and drying instructions
I have a 45 lb wheaten terrier who likes to sprawl - legs up and out. Will the Large bed selection be too spacious?
After taking out the bed with the "brown" stuff in it? I take out both parts right now. Wondering if the fluffy stuff will wash?
I am looking for a bed to fit three small dogs who like to cuddle up together when they are home alone,(13lbs mix, 22lbs mini schnauzer, 26lbs westie)
What size should I get for a small 35 lb basset hound? Small or large? Why are there 3 different large sizes? Large, L, and 28" x 40"? It's confusing.
In what country is this bed manufactured?
do you guys ship to APO addresses ?
What size should I get my 20lb Maltese? I want him to have some extra space to lay around but not too much unnecessary space.
What size would you recommend (approximately) for a 30 pound sheltie-collie mix? She likes to curl up. Thanks!
Is the 25x37 25inches wide and 37inches long, or is it 37inches wide and 25 inches long?
Does it stay warm as long as the kitty is sleeping on it?
Is this the same material as used in the seat cushions that hunters used in the 1970's?
I have 4 orphaned goat babies and 3 that were rejected by their mothers, is this something I can put out in a barn and not worry about a fire?
Does this product provide enough cushion? Do you use this alone, or with another pad underneath?
Can this be used in an outside dog house that has some hay inside as well?
I am looking for something to put in a homemade feral cat container. I have a feral cat that I am trying to keep warm will this work for this purpose
Is the "crinkly sound" very noticeable? Tried using a mylar blanket for our dogs (under their quilt) and they were too spooked to lie down . . .
I have a sm. doghouse for ferals. Would this still work with straw I use for insulation to wick water away?
Can this mat be folded in half for a small kitten (also for extra cushioning) Thanks!
Is the 25x37 25inches wide and 37inches long, or is it 37inches wide and 25 inches long?
Does it stay warm as long as the kitty is sleeping on it?
Is this the same material as used in the seat cushions that hunters used in the 1970's?
I have 4 orphaned goat babies and 3 that were rejected by their mothers, is this something I can put out in a barn and not worry about a fire?
Does this product provide enough cushion? Do you use this alone, or with another pad underneath?
Can this be used in an outside dog house that has some hay inside as well?
I am looking for something to put in a homemade feral cat container. I have a feral cat that I am trying to keep warm will this work for this purpose
Is the "crinkly sound" very noticeable? Tried using a mylar blanket for our dogs (under their quilt) and they were too spooked to lie down . . .
I have a sm. doghouse for ferals. Would this still work with straw I use for insulation to wick water away?
Can this mat be folded in half for a small kitten (also for extra cushioning) Thanks!
Is the 25x37 25inches wide and 37inches long, or is it 37inches wide and 25 inches long?
Does it stay warm as long as the kitty is sleeping on it?
Is this the same material as used in the seat cushions that hunters used in the 1970's?
I have 4 orphaned goat babies and 3 that were rejected by their mothers, is this something I can put out in a barn and not worry about a fire?
Does this product provide enough cushion? Do you use this alone, or with another pad underneath?
Can this be used in an outside dog house that has some hay inside as well?
I am looking for something to put in a homemade feral cat container. I have a feral cat that I am trying to keep warm will this work for this purpose
Is the "crinkly sound" very noticeable? Tried using a mylar blanket for our dogs (under their quilt) and they were too spooked to lie down . . .
I have a sm. doghouse for ferals. Would this still work with straw I use for insulation to wick water away?
Can this mat be folded in half for a small kitten (also for extra cushioning) Thanks!
What are the measurements of the inside area where animal will be? I have huge 18 lb maine coon cat mix. I want to make sure it fits. I assume dimensions given are exterior measurements. I need interior measurements. Thanks.
I just received bed. Description says easy wash and care, easy for machine wash. But tag says wipe clean with damp sponge. Help!
will a 42 lb dog fit in this bed?
What's the bottom material made of? Will it be easily chewed open?
what is the country of origin?
our puppuy may hit 50 lbs soon...is bed big enough .
My pup is a 40lb lab/terrier mix. From reviews it looks like this is for much smaller dogs...any one using this for a medium sized dog? Thanks!
Is this made in China?
Does the hood come down and will it fit for 25 pound dog?
Does this come in large size?
Is the 25x37 25inches wide and 37inches long, or is it 37inches wide and 25 inches long?
Does it stay warm as long as the kitty is sleeping on it?
Is this the same material as used in the seat cushions that hunters used in the 1970's?
I have 4 orphaned goat babies and 3 that were rejected by their mothers, is this something I can put out in a barn and not worry about a fire?
Does this product provide enough cushion? Do you use this alone, or with another pad underneath?
Can this be used in an outside dog house that has some hay inside as well?
I am looking for something to put in a homemade feral cat container. I have a feral cat that I am trying to keep warm will this work for this purpose
Is the "crinkly sound" very noticeable? Tried using a mylar blanket for our dogs (under their quilt) and they were too spooked to lie down . . .
I have a sm. doghouse for ferals. Would this still work with straw I use for insulation to wick water away?
Can this mat be folded in half for a small kitten (also for extra cushioning) Thanks!
Is the 25x37 25inches wide and 37inches long, or is it 37inches wide and 25 inches long?
Does it stay warm as long as the kitty is sleeping on it?
Is this the same material as used in the seat cushions that hunters used in the 1970's?
I have 4 orphaned goat babies and 3 that were rejected by their mothers, is this something I can put out in a barn and not worry about a fire?
Does this product provide enough cushion? Do you use this alone, or with another pad underneath?
Can this be used in an outside dog house that has some hay inside as well?
I am looking for something to put in a homemade feral cat container. I have a feral cat that I am trying to keep warm will this work for this purpose
Is the "crinkly sound" very noticeable? Tried using a mylar blanket for our dogs (under their quilt) and they were too spooked to lie down . . .
I have a sm. doghouse for ferals. Would this still work with straw I use for insulation to wick water away?
Can this mat be folded in half for a small kitten (also for extra cushioning) Thanks!
Is the 25x37 25inches wide and 37inches long, or is it 37inches wide and 25 inches long?
Does it stay warm as long as the kitty is sleeping on it?
Is this the same material as used in the seat cushions that hunters used in the 1970's?
I have 4 orphaned goat babies and 3 that were rejected by their mothers, is this something I can put out in a barn and not worry about a fire?
Does this product provide enough cushion? Do you use this alone, or with another pad underneath?
Can this be used in an outside dog house that has some hay inside as well?
I am looking for something to put in a homemade feral cat container. I have a feral cat that I am trying to keep warm will this work for this purpose
Is the "crinkly sound" very noticeable? Tried using a mylar blanket for our dogs (under their quilt) and they were too spooked to lie down . . .
I have a sm. doghouse for ferals. Would this still work with straw I use for insulation to wick water away?
Can this mat be folded in half for a small kitten (also for extra cushioning) Thanks!
Is the 25x37 25inches wide and 37inches long, or is it 37inches wide and 25 inches long?
Does it stay warm as long as the kitty is sleeping on it?
Is this the same material as used in the seat cushions that hunters used in the 1970's?
I have 4 orphaned goat babies and 3 that were rejected by their mothers, is this something I can put out in a barn and not worry about a fire?
Does this product provide enough cushion? Do you use this alone, or with another pad underneath?
Can this be used in an outside dog house that has some hay inside as well?
I am looking for something to put in a homemade feral cat container. I have a feral cat that I am trying to keep warm will this work for this purpose
Is the "crinkly sound" very noticeable? Tried using a mylar blanket for our dogs (under their quilt) and they were too spooked to lie down . . .
I have a sm. doghouse for ferals. Would this still work with straw I use for insulation to wick water away?
Can this mat be folded in half for a small kitten (also for extra cushioning) Thanks!
Is the 25x37 25inches wide and 37inches long, or is it 37inches wide and 25 inches long?
Does it stay warm as long as the kitty is sleeping on it?
Is this the same material as used in the seat cushions that hunters used in the 1970's?
I have 4 orphaned goat babies and 3 that were rejected by their mothers, is this something I can put out in a barn and not worry about a fire?
Does this product provide enough cushion? Do you use this alone, or with another pad underneath?
Can this be used in an outside dog house that has some hay inside as well?
I am looking for something to put in a homemade feral cat container. I have a feral cat that I am trying to keep warm will this work for this purpose
Is the "crinkly sound" very noticeable? Tried using a mylar blanket for our dogs (under their quilt) and they were too spooked to lie down . . .
I have a sm. doghouse for ferals. Would this still work with straw I use for insulation to wick water away?
Can this mat be folded in half for a small kitten (also for extra cushioning) Thanks!
I am getting a golden retriever puppy and I want to get him the right size. He will be between 20-40lbs and will just get bigger. What size?
Hi,My dog just ate the zipper off the bed - where can I buy a replacement cover?
My 13 year old Jack Russell gets cold very easy. He is 26 pounds. Do you suggest buying a medium bed and is the bed warm?
Does this bed hold it's shape and give support?
Can you wash the interior? I am pet sitting my father-in-law's laborador, and she misses him and has soaked our dog's cuddle cube with pee.
Do you have k&amp;h cuddle cube pet bed medium in Mocha?
.
How much does it weigh?
What are the dimentions of this carrier?
Which material is this made from?
Will it fit a 12 _ 14 pound puppy?
Would this be big enough for two small dogs (4 lbs) and (3 lbs)? I would like it to fit both dogs when we go out!
Will this work to keep dogs off countertops?
What is the size of this mat
Could you drape this over the arm of the sofa to keep a cat from scratching the side?
Would this for keeping cats off a car hood?
Will it keep my 20lb dog from peeping on the floor?
will it also defer cats and kittens who are much lighter than a dog?
Can this be put under cushions?
Does this product work when draped or folded?
If you used this for a dog, do you still use it or did your dog eventually learn to stay off without the alarm?
can these be used outside to keep strays away from front doors?
Is there a slot for the leash? My dog uses a harness.
Will it also help with anxiety?
What size should I order for a mixed breed 30 lb dog?
I have a beagle who weighs 35 pounds, measures 30 inches from neck to tail, chest is 26 inches around. What size would work best?
how do you get harness on too
How do I determine size for my dog?
How does it secure onto the dog? Are there Velcro straps to secure it. If so, is there an opening at the chest as well as the belly?
My dog is like a bichon what size would you reccommend for the Zack and Zooey nor'easter blanket coatin blue
what size should i order for boston terrier
my dog is a dauhshund mix and 4 months old, weighing 17#s and is 16" from neck to base of tail. What size should I buy?
We have a Pit Bull mix 85lbs @ 1 yr old, tall like a german shepard but muscular like a Pit what size should we order
OK I'm lost, if someone can help. I have never bought a coat for a dog, my boxer is 25 inches from base of neck to nub,What size do you think?
Does this have an opening for the d ring off a harness or leash?
Does the coat cover the chest and belly?
My Parson Russel is 16" from neck to tail and his chest is 22" what size should I buy him?
Which formula adds weight
What's the difference between the mash and the pellets? And which one would be best to use when converting my budgies from seed, the mash or pellet?
Is this good for a 3-4 month old blue parrotlet to eat daily?
What are the dimensions of the package please? Trying to see if it will fit in my PO Box...
which is best for setting breeding canaries? Any have rape seed?
Which formula adds weight
Which formula adds weight
Would this be good for a Green check conure that just finished weaning?
will this fit a 2014 jeep Cherokee (not Grand Cherokee)?
Will this barrier fit the new 2014 Jeep Cherokee Trailhawk?
Will this one fit my 2013 Jeep Grand Cherokee limited? I can't seem to locate the one specific for my vehicle and it's been over a month already...!
will this work on a 2009 Liberty Limited?
My Liberty is a 2003 - is it different-enough that this kind of barrier won't work?
Will this barrier fit the new 2014 Jeep Cherokee Limited?
This listing says it will fit the 2012 Cherokee and the liberty. Does it actually fit both?
does this fit a 2013 Jetta wagon without a moonroof?
Does anyone use the pet barrier with the cargo cover in place?
Does this fit in the jetta sportwagens with the moonroof?
Will this fit on my 2012 sportwagen, no sunroof?
Has anyone had any trouble after modifying for the pano roof?? According to Travall: "Unfortunately we do not have a pet barrier in our range to fit the Jetta Sportwagen with sunroof, and have no plans to develop one at the moment." I'm wary to damage...
Hi, Will this fit a 2013 GTI, MK6, 5 door hatchback?
Has anyone tried this in the Mk7 Golf Wagon? Does it fit there, too?
Does it fit the 2014 jetta wagon as well?
what size is this?
My lab sheds like crazy... How often should I use this??
If something is too good to be true, it usually is. Why is this furminator only 20$$??? Seller: you have customers saying this is fake. Please state if this is a genuine furminator or not. Previous customers: does your patent number match the official...
short hair furminator for long hair?
I see some that say these are fake knock offs, any truth to that claim? thanks
What brush should I get for a lab
which one would work best for 95 lb german shepard ?
Does anyone have a lab that sheds a ton and uses this for? One of our labs is an extreme shedder. Looking for something to help with that.
I am getting a German Shepard, she is a rescue &amp; I have never seen her. She is 65lbs. What size &amp; length?
which one would you recomend for english bulldog and fila brasileiro? thnks!
Can this specific tool be used on cats?
Is color the only difference between the small dog and small cat deshedders?
is this product american made
Size in inches
Is this used as a "BRUSH' too? for a small dog?
I've seen mixed feedback on whether a pug should have the yellow (medium) de-shedder or the small blue. What are thoughts on best one for 6 yr. pug?
is this a good size for a beagle
does this work well with small short hair dogs?
small dog short hair
Is this battery operated?
If I have one long hair cat, and one short hair cat, do I have to get separate FURminators or would I just get a long hair or short hair one?
How effective is this for hair ball elimination? Do your cats still cough up hair balls after use?
My vet recommended the medium for an underweight cat. Should I buy the pink, purple, or orange one?
I have a small gray tabby cat. Which brush size should I get her?
if my cat's hair is two inches or inch and a half, which on should I buy?
My cats are 6 months old. Should I get the small/pink or just get the large/purple? They will outgrow the small soon since they are 7 lbs now.
Can I use this for a short hair dog (Shiba)?
Can you use this on a 12 week old kitten?
what is the difference between the small dog, short haired brush and the large cat short haired brush?
Is this a real Furminator?
What size to you purchase if you have two, 15-lb cats, and three normal size? all are short or medium fur
We just brought home a rescue, she is 3yrs old, a bit underweight and is easily freightened. Will this work well for her?
Does this cut the coat, or just brush the undercoat?
What product do you recommend to detangle my long hair cat. He gets these large mats that I often cut out with a nail scissor.
Does anyone know any tricks to get your cat to like this fumigator? I have a 19lb cat very thick hair and he doesn't like me using this.
My cat has short and long hair. He is part Maine Coon. I don't know which one to buy . I really want one but which is the best for my cat?
I have two cats, a short-hair with no noticeable undercoat, and a medium-hair with *lots* of undercoat. Is there a tool I can use for both?
Will this work on medium fur for my lab/beagle mix dog?
Will the short hair work on a long hair cat?
I have a golden retriever/lab mix that has a golden coat but it's not as long. Should I get the long haired comb or the short haired one?
I have two long hair himalayan cats. Is this a good tool for cats? I only see mention of dogs.
I have a "FURminator Deluxe Deshedding Tool with FURejector For small Dogs" but, I have no idea if it right for my Pomeranian. What size should I get?
How good are these for a Japanese Chin their fur is more like human hair but they shed a lot?
What specifically is the difference between small-medium-large furminators? Is it the size of the dog? the weight?
I may have bought the wrong size. I have a pug that is on a diet and weighs 40 lb. The Furminator I bought is 1.25 inches. Is this right?
DO you think this would work for cats. The cat one is more expensive than the med dog one but looks the same. I have a dog as well.
Is the fulminator sold by Amazon for $28 an authentic furminator? It says it ships it 25 days, which made me wary that its not coming from furminator(
Are these real Furminators or some cheap knock off imitator?
Has anyone had both the older model and this newer model? Do you see a difference? I don't think it is that great. Yes it is an original FURminator.
My dog's fur is almost exactly 2 inches long? Should I buy the long hair or short hair version??
I have a husky, shepherd, coyote mix. Would it work on her? She hates being brushed or combed
I have a husky, shepherd, coyote mix. Would it work on her? She hates being brushed or combed
I have a golden mutt that weighs 59 pounds. Would the medium or large work better?
Are the Furmintors you distribute knockoffs made in China.
How wide is the blade on the Giant, Short hair version? Also, what is the difference between the short hair and long hair versions? Blade depth? I ask because my dog is right on the border with 2" hair.
I have two dogs a German Shepard and a Norwegian Elk Hounds. I only want to buy one brush, should I get giant even though one dog is only about 60lbs?
Size for dog
Would I need the short hair or long hair for a full blooded Lab?
i read a few reviews saying that this product is a fake, but the more current reviews do not show this concern...any truth to it being a fake?
I have a Wirehaired Pointing Griffon that weighs about seventy pounds. His undercoat is shedding constantly - do we get the long hair or short hair?
I have a fifty pound Queensland Healer. Which tool would you recommend?
what weight is considered a medium dog vs a large dog
do I need short hair or long hair for my beagle?
what size of hair i must use for labrador ?
I have 2 lab mix. One with short fine hair and the other with medium hair, about 2-3 inches. Should I get the short or long hair tool?
Is this authentic product
I see many comments that this is a fake product. Has that been addressed?
Some of my dog's fur is longer than two inches, some is shorter than two inches. Should I get the long hair or the short hair model?
Does it have an area to empty the hair
Is this an authentic Furminator or a knock off?
Which hair length would be best for a Pembroke Welsh Corgi??
I have 4 small/medium sized dogs and only one of them is long haired (pomeranian/yorkie) would I be able to use the long hair comb on all of the dogs?
My dog's hair is right around 2 inches long. Should I get the Short Hair or the Long Hair version? Does it matter much?
I have two cats. One with short hair and the other has long hair. What type should I buy? Long of short hair Furminator? Or do I need both?
Which size should I buy for corgi? Thanks
would this work for a Great Dane or should I go with a larger size?
Should I get the medium size or true large for my 50 lb pit bull?
How wide is the giant size
Is this a furminator knock off?
Is this a furminator knock off?
Would this work for a Poodle with a very thick curly coat?
Would you recommend this for our Saint Bernard? He has very long hair and sheds a lot!
Is a Lab is short or long haired dog?
Where is this product shipped from?
What size brush for 105 pound Bernese?
Have any of you used a Furmaster before buying a Furminator? Any difference? Anyone use this on a Great Pyrenese?
does it work?
Does it make everything garlicky?
Does this contain cinnamon oil?
If I spray this on my curtains will it stain them
will this product dis color leather
We live in a log cabin. Is this safe to use on wood?
Can this product be used on rabbits?
What are the ingredients of Vetericyn Ophthalmic Gel?
Will this remove tear stains?
Does this gel contain any antihistamine, Imidazoline or any other vasoconstrictor?
Can I use this for my horse? I have used Bausch&amp;Lomb Neomycin &amp;Polymyxin B Sulfates &amp;BacitracinZinc Suave but that's very expensive.
What is the diameter of the round plastic base?
How tall is this filter?
How often do you replace the cartridge? Thanks!
What is the Outside Diameter of Tube which extends upward from the base?
I installed the filter yesterday and now the tank is covered in what looks like a charcoal dust. What did I do wrong?!
What is the water level for this filter? Above or below water level.
what diameter is the filter, How tall is the tube and what all do I need to go with it so it will work properly?
What kind of air pump did you get to go with it?
Air pump do you need? this included?
Does this use electricity?
Is the TriplenPet $10.99 a 16oz size?
How many ounces do I get for $8.88?
Does this help with tarter on dogs teeth?? Thanks
does this have a taste that my dog and cat might not like
How many ounces for 8.88
What size is this bottle?
This is described as "large" but I just returned a different "large" collar that only extended to 15". Does this fit a 21"22" neck?
anybody know if it comes in sizes to fit a carin terrier neck,he wears one now 15 inch
What is the length of the large collar?
where is it made
what size should I get for a 50 lb Lab mix?
can I purchase a replacement cover for the extra large size?
Is the extra large big enough to be a comfortable fit for a 120lb rhodesian ridgeback?
what is the inside measurement I have 20 lb jrt ?
In what country is this bed manufactured?
I have a 22lb Lhasa.......is the mattress thick enough or will she sink and be sleeping on the floor.
I have a 55 pound boxer and a 65 pound boxer mix - do you think the medium would be big enough?
Will the medium fit a 15 pound dog with long legs ? Or should I get a large ?
I have a 30 lb poodle mix 9 month old. She just tore up her last one. Wondering if the large is too large and how strong the fabric is?
Will the large fit my standard poodle?
what size should i get for my 65 lb boxer?
what size should i get for a 24 lb dog?
Where can you buy these in Michigan? Costco doesn't carry them anymore and they're starting to get quite expensive by mail.
Where are they made and what are the ingredients?
Do these Nubz last awhile for the average dog, or do they just last few minutes like a chewy treat?
How many calories in in one Natural Nubz edible dog chew?
are these softer to chew on than other things like rawhides?
why has the price gone up $5.00 since October?
My English bulldog can't have grain. Does this have any grain? those powders leave me wondering.
is this good for small dogs?
What is the expiration date on packages?
Is this product okay for a 10 lb. Maltese?
My question is on the front of the bag it says only available only from your veternarian. How can you get these through Amazon??
I have ordered this for a few years always good soft chews NOT THIS TIME the CHew are hard as a rock! What happened? The front says softer chews
Where is the product made? I looked at both of the enlarged labels and could not see it anywhere.
I would like to order one bag of these, but want to make sure the expiration date is September 2014 or later.
What is the expiration date on the package?
What is the expiration date on the package?
Why are the chews so hard? It has never been like that before. My 10 year old bichon refuses to eat it :(
How deep is the dome?
i have an sunray 50w uva&amp;uvb combo bulb metal halide bulb will it work with this fixture?
Can a basking spot lamp be used with this?
Does this Exo Terra Mirror Dome Light 7 inch come with a ceramic socket?
how deep is this base? i've got the exo terra night glo long bulbs and wondering if this dome is deep enough so that these bulbs won't stick out?
Dose it come with a bulb??
We have a 160 w exo terra solar glo UVA/UVB light and it constantly turns itself off, then a few hours later will just come back on again. What gives?
Would this be good for hermit crabs?
Would this terrarium be appropriate for small spiders?
Would a praying mantis nymph or fruit fly be able to escape from this terrarium?
Would this work for a green anole lizard?
is this cage good for two frogs
How many gallons is it?
is it good for venial chameleon srry if i spelled venail wrong
What kind of heater would be appropriate for this thing for a praying mantis (77 degrees)?
Does this come as show, including decorations? Or just the glass box &amp; screen top?
is it good for a fire belly newt
CALORIE COUNT
The country of origin is very important to me. for several years, I've not been using anything from China. specifically, where were these MADE???
Where Is this product made or produced??????
Where are these made? I prefer treats made in the USA, not in China. The label doesn't indicate place of origin.
are they made in China?
when I put in search for Soulistic, another brand comes up: Weruva. Are they the same thing?
why don't you list how many pouches are in the item for sale. I have noticed this to be the case for all petco items for sale. Why would you hold back
8 pouches for $ 20.- plus shipping ????? Is that correct???? That is twice the normal price.
how many pouches do you get fro that price?
how many pouches do you get for that price. why isnt it listed!
Can I run/jog with this stroller?
What are the dimensions of this stroller?
weight limit?
will it work with bike that has a quick release pin that goes throw axle,doesn't look there enough threads left if installed to screw nut on other end
What is the diameter of the axel hole? I have an over-sized axle, 11.75.
the brand of bike i have is Specialty will this fit my bike?
Does this part work with a 20 inch bike? My son would like to pull the trailer and he has a 20" bike.
Does this fit the Novel?
Does this come with the safety pin included?
What is the diameter of the mounting post, just the section of the hitch that the trailer slides onto and the lock pin is inserted through?
Is this hitch angled down as pictured or straight as the hitch delivered with the dog trailer?
What is the diameter of the male insert part of this piece?
Will this fit the small hound about trailer ? I need to fit a tango29er to a hound about trailer any ideas?
Will one feeder spit out enough food for 2 cats or do I need to units?
Am I to understand the feeding schedule is controlled solely by an external timer that has no battery backup and a battery backup timer is available?
If I want to use my own appliance timer that can use back-up batteries, will it work on this feeder? Or do I need to buy from the company separately?
Is it batteries operated? Is it possible to use in Russia, there is 220 V?
The description mentions that it can dispense small amounts. My cat eats 1 tbsp servings 10 x per day. Can this dispense that small of an amount?
My cat can reach his paw into his feeder &amp; get extra food whenever he wants. I just want to confirm that this design will not allow him to do this.Tha
Do the two chutes shown in one of the videos COME WITH the product or do I buy these separately? I have two cats so would like 2 chutes attached.
Can this unit be used outside, under roof, on a covered porch (unheated area but sheltered from rain, etc.)?
Has anyone had success with food other than the recommended kibble shape/size? My cats eat Nutro Hairball Control which is more oval &amp; larger.
Do you have to re-program if there is a power outage?
I have a 60 gallon aquarium that measures 48" long and little over 12 inches wide. Will this work with my tank?
So is this a set meaning it will fit a 55 gallon aquarium 48" long. The same question below one person answered comes with two other person said no???
Is the entire top 12 in. wide or is that half of the top. I am looking for a 23 1/2 long and about 17 1/2 wide. Would I need to buy to of these?
Is there a cutout for a filter, or is cut-able?
Will this work with the 55 gal aquariums that have the bar in the middle?
It states this is a set. Does this mean it includes two panels for a 55 gallon tank that is 48" long? One for each 24x12 inset, or do I have to buy two of these?
The actual inset of the frame of my 20 gallon tall is 23 1/4 by 11 1/2, will this fit?
How thich is the glass ?
Will this item work with a 24X12 acrylic tank with no top frame and rounded front corners?
Does this toy taste strongly like rubber? My dog wont play with a Kong because they taste terribile...I know because I licked it
i have a small dog that love to chew. and she can chew though anything in less then 1 hour or less. is this a good toy for her or not?
Is it suitable for a German shepherd? Thanks!
what is the diameter of this toy?
does it squeak?
Does this toy squeak?
60 lb yellow lab needs a good chew toy. Recommend please?
Does this smell strongly like the Kongs do? Thanks so much everyone!!
I have a 1 year old male pitbull that weighs 55 pounds and he destorys all toys. Will this toy be able to withstand his prianha teeth?
Is this rock-hard or does it have some give to it? Needs some give. Adopted a teething-chewing rescue with healing mouth. Any suggestions welcome.
I have a 14 lb Shih Tzu that destroys everything. Would this be too big for him?
do these squeak?
Does this product still have a guarantee?
Does this item smell bad? The hooves are great for my heavy chewers but I can't stand the smell of them! I don't want to have a nasty smelling apt.!
Hi there, my dog had this amazing indistructible toy that we bought from you, and he just today bit to the red, is it guarenteed?
On a scale of 1-10, how loud are these clippers? My horse is very sensitive to noise and my main priority is to get quiet clippers for head clipping.
Can I use this on my golden retriever? If so what attachments are compatible for this trimmer?
Can I use this on my golden retriever? If so do I need additional attachment? What would be compatible with this trimmer?
If I use this trimmer on my golden retriever what attachments should I get that will fit the trimmer.
Can i use it in Denmark....Can it be usted with 230 v?....If i by an adapter?
How long is the cord?
would they work on a horses full body?? my horse has cushings disease which causes him to have long wintery coat throughout the summer.
how is it for cats?
Product Dimensions are stated 18" x 18". Is this accurate? I have a spot that is only 15" square &amp; I was hoping to put it there.
Is the base color more yellow or white? I was looking for something to match a black/silver/white room. I understand you do sell a black one, however I could not locate it. Thank you.
What will the dimensions of thee mailed package be?
Do you think an 18 pound dog (maltese/poodle) mix would fit in this?
We have a 22 pound cat...We want a hooded cat bed...What do you suggest??
Hi, I need one of those but larger, about 30x180 inches... recomendations?
Can this product be used for a yorkie dog ?
Where are AlphaPooch's products manufactured?
What are the 'inside' measurements? Want to make sure my chubby cat will fit.
What is the actual color of this product? Is it yellow as mentioned by a consumer?
What is the next more challenging puzzle toy? Our little dog had this figured out in just a 10 min.
WILL IT HOLD UP
Does it come assembled?
Would this toy be good for a golden retriever pup?
Do you think a Chihuahua would be able to get his mouth around the yellow cup to pull it up?
is this made in usa or china?
Would this work on a cat?
What is the thickness of the acrylic? What is the estimated shipping time and cost to WI 54982? 415 gram african grey fits?
Is a ventilation fan included with this cage?
what are the dimensions of the cage?
Hi, does the cage comes with any perches and food &amp; water bowl. I have 2 sun conures...will this cage fit them.
Hi, I have a Grey,would this cage work.I also don't need it until the 1st of Dec. Do you have a list or picture of other no cages? Thank you.
Is the cage hard to put together? Is there acrylic on top? Any cleaning issues? Thanks
Do you need a stake for this or can you secure one end to a fence post and the other to the collar?
I just bought &amp; received this 30 foot tie-out but I did not realize it did not come with a spring. You can buy springs separately but I already have a stake in the ground &amp; have no clue how to attach a spring with just one hook?
Does the clasp freeze in winter as it is a P.I.T.A. to attach &amp; take off?
I would like to attach this to a skinny pole, an iron gate pole that is on top of concrete, is there a way to do that?
Does this attach to a tree, without the cord getting tangles around the tree?
Will this work on the Prestige Skyline Trolly to replace the 10-foot lead line?
The pit bull chewed the one I got from you. Got something he can't?
does it come with a stake?
Do you have to leave this collar on all the time, or can you take it off when it's not needed?
Is this the 2 PACK?
Is this product more of a deterrent to keeps ticks off or is it really just an after the fact tick killing product?
Does it still work if my dog went in the ocean with it?
My golden retriever's neck is 17-18 inches. Will this small collar fit him? Need reassurance that the collar length is a little longer than 18 inches.
does this collar kill ticks that are already there ?
small collar size?
How tall is this gate?
how wide is the gate without extensions?
I have a 167 inch opening; what do you recommend?
How wide is the spacing between the bars? I bought one gate and my dogs walked right through the bars! I have 4 pound Maltese
is it easy for the dog to push over? And is it really chew resistant? I have heavy chewers (2 puppies)
WHAT ARE THE DIMENSIONS?
Is there a gate. With a height of 36-40 in with wide width...
can i put hardware on thegate to make the gate more secure?
Is this just for dogs or is it designed to hold in a cat too? 1 3/4" gap seems large to me. Just a safety net for front door.
I have 2 folding gates that are weighted internally at the bottom to add to the stability. Does this one have that as well?
This isnt a shock collar right?
We adopted a Boxer/Great Dane Mix...He won't stop terrorizing our 2 cats...Can I use this to keep him away from our cats?
Can you leave it on all day?
does charger come with unit?
Will this work on a dog that is 120lbs? Will he even feel it?
Are batteries replaceable?
Does this work through doors/walls?
We have an acre and a half how big of an area will this cover?
My dog jumps in our pond to short out our current shock collar. Is this product truly waterproof?
What is the size and weight of the receiver unit itself without the collar?
I have two doves. Is the door large enough for them?
Can a large parrot put his beak through the cage openings and bite a child's finger?
Can a large parrot put his beak through the cage openings and bite a child's finger?
What are the cage dimensions (without the seed guard)?
What are the shipping dimensions?
What are the dimensions of the cage portion of this item?
I need to know if the price is for 1 or 2. I need to know asap. I need to purchase asap.
How would this do in a back bench seat on a Honda Accord? We belt the dog in place, so he doesn't move around at all. We have a full seat cover, but it's overkill and is loose. Will this do okay if we tuck the back over-the-seat strap into the seam...
Is there a strap to secure the seat portion and how does it attach? Thanks
Do you ship to Australia?
will it fit the back seat of a nissan armada?
doess this seat cover have slots for rear seat headrests?
Does this slip over the back of the bench seat?
Do I have to remove the back head rests to apply the cover? Or are there traps you can just put over the headrests?
Does it have slots for the seat belts?
Does it have slots for the seat belts ?
Would this fit in my Scion xb? I guess the small size would be the best?
Does it cover the floor and back of the front seats?
Will it fit the backseat of a 2013 Dodge Charger?
will it fit a subaru outback?
Any experience with washing and drying (on low)? I dry to get excess hair off and all the others fall apart after a few washes. Anyone?
- Is this item easy to use?
Is it really waterproof? I had another one that said it was but when I got a new puppy and she peed on it, it was not waterproof.
Is there a way for someone to sit in the back seat, as well?
doe this have the air vent mesh in it?
Does the new one have a zipper? The second pic shows just netting, I can imagine the weight of a dog on that would rip it.
I have a 2014 F350 crewcab truck, will it fit this vehicle
Does it fit a subaru forester 2006?
Can I put a car seat over it?
What is the zipper for?
what size is it W" X L"
how do you clean the hammock
Is the hammock waterproof?
Does it have holes to let the seat belt and buckles through?
Does this cover allow you to access the Latch system if using a car seat?
Will this fit a Subaru 2015 Outback? I have cloth cushions and a beautiful black lab that sheds like a christmas tree! I need a good cover and fit.
What colors does it come in?
Will this hammock fit my Ford F150 extended cab back seat?
trying to see if it is like one i got years ago at camper world. does it have cone piece in middle. mine works great. can you show it in disassembl
Does anyone use this for a GSD? I' have a 71 lbs detection dog and wanna know if the opening will be ok for a working dog in the back of the truck???
i bought one like at Campers World but no longer. the name on back is Great American Food Bowl, Inc. Is this same product
will it work for cats?
I want to order two but i want to choose colors. Where can i indicate in my order?
Hi how much to post the Buddy Bowl 44oz Original to Australia
Is this made from BPA FREE plastic?
Can someone please tell me the diameter of the opening to drink ?I'm deciding b/t this &amp; the RoadRefresher, not sure what will fit my dog's snout.Thx!
Looking for a jumbo size and tall litterbox, but it looks like the dimensions are not correct and the litterbox is not tall...Right?
Is the height really 16.8" or 6.8" Thanks for all your answers. Now Amazon needs to change the dimensions, as they are listed with Width same as Height, as of Dec 19, 2012
What color did you get? From the reviews it sounds like most people got Gray. I like the dark blue in the picture. Wish we could choose our colors!
Did the one you bought come with these half moon shapes on the inside walls of the pan? I was disappointed that the one I got didn't have smooth sides
what is the size?
Is the bottom of the box perfectly flat, no ridges?
what are the the width and length?
Is this the largest box available? Surely someone building litter boxes could make a bigger one. Anybody know a source for an adult cat?
What are the colors? Can I ask for a beige or white?
size
hi,What is the expiration date ?
how much glucosamine and chondrotin r in there
What is the expiration date?
what is the difference between the double strength and the maximum cosequin ds?
Is this item made in the United States of America?
will these filters also fit the Petco ceramic water fountains? thanks for reply
Is this part #3014?
Do these filters work with the Big Max fountains?
what is the shipping charge on these filters
What is the average length of time each filter lasts? I'm looking at getting these (and the fountain) for my two cats since my hard to clean Drinkwell broke.
Why do these filters expel disgusting, slimy, black things that look like tiny wet leaves?
will these filters fit the hammacher schlemmer 128 oz. ceramic pet fountain
Does anyone know where I can find the plastic housing for this filter? Mine has finally dropped 2 of its 3 "sucker pads." Couldn't find on Amazon, ?
Pioneer Pet Raindrop Fountain Water Filters 6 Pack?
what is bowl made of and is here a cooler feature to keep wet food fresh?
Is anyone's cat able to break into it?
I have a 125 lbs dog who needs medicine &amp; food just one time a day while I am at work. Will he be able to fit his head in there to eat or is it too small?
What is battery life and size/number of batteries required?
Can ants get in it?
How well does it keep wet food fresh?
Can anyone speak to the volume of the recorded message? My little man is losing his hearing...thx!
Can you tell me the diameter of the bowl?
how much does each compartment hold? 1 cup?
What is the height on this?
I have a German Shepherd who obviously sheds a ton (all year around)... has anyone else with this breed used this product and did it really reduce shedding?
How well does it work on a Great Pyrenees. The worst shedders on the Earth.
Why is this same shampoo increased more than 300% in just a few months? This is terrible!
Has any one used this shampoo on a long haired cat? If so, do I need to follow up with a conditioner or will the shampoo be sufficent?
Can you use this on a cat?
Do you use this everyday? How long before I will start seeing results?
Is it for cats too? It doesn't say.
We have an Irish Doodle. She doesn't shed but she does mat. Will this work for that?
Does this affect topical flea preventatives?
Why is this called "waterless spray" when, in fact, the second ingreditent listed on the product (see photo) is . . . WATER?
can plants grow
Would this work on a 24 gallon hexagonal tank that's 18 inches across? Is the light be bright enough to penetrate to the bottom, about 24 inches?
how do you adjust this? i've tried pulling the legs, but it's not extending.
Does anyone know the exact width of the metal stand, I know the light is 7.1 inches.
I have an Eclipse 12 gallon and i hate the flourescent in the hood. Is this light water tight? My idea was to put it under the hood itself and use it
What length should I get for a 100 gallon aquarium? (6ft long)
I heard this light flickers to imitate underwater natural light. Can this flickering be turned off?
The dimensions state 20.5 x 7.1 x 2.4 inches. Is 7.1 inches tall or width?
I have a 24x12x16 seaclear acrylic 20 gallon tank, it does not have a hood or top, how would this sit on top of the acrylic tank? would I need a top?
Will this fit a 20 gallon long? And it looks very concentrated, would 1 be sufficient to light the entire tank or would 2 be needed?
I want to place this on a 56 gal tank that measures 30" accross and is 24" deep. Will the light be adequate?
Is this splash resistant?
Can this be used for salt water fish
The light is rated for 17000 hours, but does that take into account power cycling (day to night)? Also, won't the LEDs begin to fade before that?
I would like to know how you go about changing it to night time mode with only the blue lights. Is there a button, or can it be set on a timer?
Will this one fit on a 20 gallon/tall, tank is 24 inches long, or do I need the next one down which is 18-24 inches?
What size do I need for a 40 gal. Breeder tank? L 36 x W 18.
where this LED are made? And which size good for 150CM aquarium And another one for 100CM?
Is this light suitable for light demanding aquarium plants
will the 24''to 36'' give my 75 gallon light up my tank good or should I go with the 36''to 48'' light I got salt water fish
Would the double brite cause to much alge? I really want my tank to be very brite and beautiful.
we have a 6 ft long tank,,,if we bought the 24- 36" lights, would it cover the whole thing?
I have a 55 gal. Freshwater tank with some new Glo Fish. Will this LED "show off" the colors of the fish? Or do I need to replace a bulb?
I have a 55 gallon tank, would be be cool to light my tank with?
Will the 24-36 inch version of this be bright enough to support a lightly planted 30 gallon breeder tank? (36" L x 18" W x 12" D)
would the 36 to 48 fit on a 4 foot long 75 gallon tank
is this also for fresh water fish?
how do you adjust the side clip to 48 inches. No instruction as to how to do this.
I have total 80 watts of 2 lights in combination of Power-GLo and Aqua Glo. I need minimum 120 watts for my 60 Gallon planted fish tank. I am short by 40 watts, Can I add 48" Single Bright LED light? And what is the total watts for 48-Inch single...
Is the power supply input 110v-230v ?
What type and quantity of battery(ies) does it use? I hate those wimpy overpriced button cells!
My meter want read over 999 or am I looking at the wrong ppm?
Does it come with batteries? I read the specs and it says no but that seems odd to me as most do come with them.
considering price what would you say is the best reason to buy this one over a less expensive unit?
Can this unit be used to test PH?
do batteries come with the unit?
Is salinity a separate measurement here or just a TDS approximation? Using for a salt water reef tank with other minerals (like calcium, etc.).
Any trouble measuring in mS?
does this system monitor ph as weel
is the meter need Calibrated ?
Is this product to small for say, black lab? He's 5 years old and I just don't know which size to buy for him.
Can you shape it into a 4x4, 2x6 ..shape?
Can you make different shapes with the pen? Can you make it into a crate shape?
Does this x-pen require clips to fasten the end pieces of the x-pen?
which finish lasts longer - black or gold
Is this item able to be used in an outstretched position?
Is the cover removable to wash?
Is this bed truly water-resistant? I have a dog with some bladder issues and water-resistant is a must. Thank you for your feedback in advance.
what is the size?
How many inches of foam are in this bed? Is it memory foam? Thanks
does this bed get warm when a dog lies on it?
Is the bottom made of the same fabric as the sides?
Can these beds support a 90lb mastiff?
Can these beds support a 90lb mastiff?
What is the top cover made out of, is it like a fake wool or is it a different material?
The color says Birch. Is that a maroon color or is the color the one shown in the picture?
what is the cushion made from? is it memory foam, regular foam, fiberfill (like in a pillow or stuffed animal)? Thanks!
how well does the padding hold up?My 2 saints need a new bed every year, id like one that holds up longer, but my dogs are 200lbs!
How thick/tall is it?
What are the dimensions for this bed?
Hi there, does this bed shed when washed. the last bed we bought was great but kind of furry and sheds its material all over everything. thanks,
What color is birch? Is it gray?
we have 3 dogs, 40lbs, 25lbs and 15lbs. wondering if this bed could fit all 3 of them?
Is this bed completely made in the USA or is it finished here? I saw other products from the same company that said finished in the USA.
I just bought it and my dog loves it as well, but I'd like to wash the foam as well, can I just throw it in the washer, or use a hose outside?
Is the cover removable so it can be washed in the washing machine?
Cloud E-Collar. 80 lb. dog with a hot spot on the side of her face, the size of a quarter. Plastic DID NOT WORK, SHE ABOUT HAD A STROKE!
Will this collar prevent my german shepard from being able to chew on her back foot?
Do the straps that attach to the collar separate so that you don't have to remove the collar? Velcro, for instance.
I didn't get any instructions with mine, so how do you inflate it?
My french bulldog has a 16" neck but short legs. Will this work for him?
will my dog be able to lick her paws?
How does it attach and to what and howwell does it stay on? Had another type that my dog just knocked off in minutes.
what size should I buy for a 60-lb dog
My son't 7 mo.old pit bull mix gets neutered next week. Will this prevent him from reaching his "wound"?
Does it work for cocker spaniels?
what are the neck sizes?...sizing chart
my dogs neck measures 13". should I get a medium or large?
My miniature schnauzer's wound is just below her front leg pit. Will this collar keep her from licking this area?
It says the medium measures 10x10. Is that the diameter? Can anyone tell me how far it extends out on each side of the dog's neck?
Will this collar keep a dog from reaching its eyes? My girl just had eye surgery today and we hate the plastic collar she was sent home with.
I received the collar today but it did not come with the fuzzy blue cover as pictured. Does this have to be ordered separately? Thanks.
Will this prevent a dog from licking their front paws?
will my dog be able to reach his belly?
Will this help paw lickers,front and back? He still gets to them with the comfy cone
My dog is having ACL (knee) surgery. Will this prevent her biting her knee, back foot, and hip areas? She is 30 lbs, small pit bull mix.
How big around the neck is the e-collar? it is for a 22lb cat.
will it work for short legged dachshund?
I need to prevent my large dog (60 pounds) from being able to reach his rump (at the base of his tail). Would this prevent that? He's very flexible.
What's to keep my cat from puncturing this with a claw or fang? I can just hear the POP in my head now ...
We have a beagle who is having surgery on a toe on her front paw. Would she be able to reach the toe with this?
my little poodle boy weighs bout 14-15 lbs and wears a size medium mesh harness, do you think a small would fit my boy? He's having surgery next week.
I have a miniature schnauzer and I'm not sure if I should get him a small or a medium. Help!
How do we measure our cats neck size?
Can this be worn without a regular collar?
I have one, and it started leaking, can I get a replacement insert?
What is the sizing for these collars? I have a 5 1/2 lb. yorkie, with about an 8" collar???? So confused if I need an X-small, or Small?
I have an escape artist chihuahua that crawls through and/or under the rails of a wrought iron fence. Will this help?
Will this keep a leggy chihuahua from scratching at her face with her hind leg?
Would this work for a small rabbit ?
Will an extra small fit a 4lb tabby
What is the sizing for these collars? I have a 5 1/2 lb. yorkie, with about an 8" collar???? So confused if I need an X-small, or Small?
Will this keep my cat from digging at her head/ears or should I get the cone?
i have a 13# cat who has licked himself raw in groin and back leg area will this prevent reaching that area ? size 9 1/2" neck
My cat is 11 pounds - Can anyone who is using this on a cat recommend a size?
What is the scent? I know some collars are lavender scented and that gives me an awful headache!
Is the collar adjustable?
Can I use this collar while still having my dog's regular collar on?
Should I leave the collar on all the time or just put it on my dog when he needs to calm down?
What is the percentage of phermone in the collar and what are the other ingredients? Thank you
What is the Phermone percentage?
Does the effectiveness of this collar decrease if I have to take it off for a few hours everday? My dog does to doggie daycare and its not allowed on.
How often do you have to change the collar?
Size of the "Big Max Fountain" I was just wondering is the big max small enough for a cat to actually reach the flowing water, not the bowl but the actual waterfall???
Has anyone found a suitable replacement pump for the Pioneer Ceramic Fountain? I was just wondering is the big max small enough for a cat to actually reach the flowing water, not the bowl but the actual waterfall???
Has anyone had a problem getting the water to bubble up through the top piece? Mine bubbles underneath but doesn't come up through.
The "Raindrop" style fountain that says it's easily knocked aside, causing overflows. My cat likes to paw at the water. Any issues with Big Max?
Has anyone experienced odd noises coming from pump after several hours running? Can fountain run 24/7 or does it need "time off"?
What do you use to clean off the accumulated gunk from the water line?
Is this fountain suitable for a back yard and if so has anyone used it outside? I have three large dogs and they go out quite a bit so we want to be sure they have water
I am looking for a battery operated pet fountain, my cat has a habit of chewing electrical cords. Does anyone know of one of these exists?
The cheap air motor stopped working after a month of using it and I've passed the return cutoff. Does anyone know where to get a new motor?
It's starting to make water leaking issues. But not by the bowl, somehow it is seeping down inside upper part. The rubber washer to the pump nozzle?
What are the ingredients and where is it made?
What are the ingredients and where is it made?
where is it made?
Does this come with the pan, and divider for inside?
How big are the doors?
How far apart are the bars?
why does it seem to come used? why so flimsy? for sure won't be buying it
Is this the same height (opening) as a regulation tunnel? I have a Aussie/Lab Mix - 72 lbs will she fit? Thanks
is there any reason a kid couldn't use this?
What is the material made of? How stride is it? How thick is the material?
Is it mountable on hard ground like ceramic floor? I intend to use it indoors.
is it flexible
can you use it indoors?
Does the tunnel contract (can you make it shorter)? My puppy has successfully conquered a 6' tunnel but 18' is considerably longer.
will the product material hold up to use by a 93 LB lab who LOVES running through these types of tunnels?
This should be good for a 57lb husky to put in the snow right?
Does it have seat belt slits?
Do you think this could be used in the cargo area of a SUV?
Would this cover slip around on leather seats? I have two Aussies and they don't tend to sit still during rides.
what are the dimensions?
Do I need to order the wall kit in addition to the door kit?
What size dog is this meant for?
Can it be installed in a door?
I have two german shepherds that stand 24" at the shoulder. Will they easily fit through this?
My german shepherd is taller than an adverage shepherd.will this be tall enough for him? i see others post about their shepherds weight but not size.
WILL MY 100LB ROT FIT, OR SHOULD I GET THE XXL SIZE?
Will a cat be able to use this also?
Does the door come with a security panel for when not in use?
Is the wall mount adjustable to less than 7" thickness?
Does it come with everything shown in the picture?
Does that mean you do not need to purchase the weather wall kit separately?
I have an 80 pound Doberman and two smaller dogs that weigh about 17 pounds.Will the smaller dogs be able to open the flaps on the super large door ?
Does this come with a slide down door to keep our dog from going out if we want to?
I need a rough cut door approx 14" X 19"
I have a 27" tall GSD. How many inches off the floor have you mounted your doors?
My dog is 26" tall, will she fit through the door??
What are the rough cut dimensions of the xxl size?
It shows it in the picture but does this item come with the wall insert (telescoping wall frame)?
Is $199 for the super large door? Confused by this statement that is listed " XXL DOOR FLAP SIZE 15x23.5 XXL DOOR PRICING WITH WALL MOUNT $235.99 ONL
What is the size?
I was hoping my cats would wipe their paws on it so they don't track litter into the room...would that be a good use for this mat?
are these pads washable?
Is this exactly same as original one that comes with PETZOOM unit or is this a generic replacement by another company?
What is the size of the replacement pad?
How many pads come in this replacement package?
How can I prevent my Chinese Pug from pooping on my best rugs? She usually does this only when no one can let her out.
can a cat sleep inside the upper boxes?
Can I replace just one of the boxes?
When fully assembled, how tall is this? 5'? 6'? Thanks!
Please help with colors. in some pics top box looks orange &amp; blue box looks bright turquoise. in others: top looks tan, blue looks pale blue.
Thanks! Some of the pictures show an orange top. Does anyone know where I can buy an orange top?
Can I buy one with orange as the top color (instead of tan)? Sometimes the pictures show one and sometimes the other
The picture has an orange color block a the top. Is that correct?
How secure is this item -- is it at all prone to topple over?
Do you plan on making this project in all white? We'd like to buy it, but the colors don't match our interior.
I have a lot of plants in my tank, wonder if this kind of lighting is good for plants? need to know before buying two of them for my 55-gallon?
will this fit a 20 gallon tank?
will it fit a 55 gallon tank?
I have an older tank and I need an ACTUAL 24 inch hood. All the ones in the pet stores say they're 24 inch, but they measure 23 inch. Does this one actually measure 24 inches?
Does this hood have a filter area built in? A tube that sucks up the water to filter it??
Does this product have provisioins for connecting pump and filter?
are bulbs included?
When this is new in the box, does it come with either of the filter "cut outs" already cut out or can I leave the top solid if I want to? Thanks!
Can you swap the bulbs out for a grow light bulb?
The lights gave out, is there a replacement of the light alone? Not the hood
my tanks is 20" x 10.5" will this fit that or is my tank dims too large?
Is there any protection from condensation for the LED lights?
I know this is a stupid question ....please forgive me. I am new at this. Are the lights included in the hood price or do I have to buy the lights separately?
I'm looking for a lighted cover for my 10 x 20 aquarium for my hermit crabs. Would this be a good option?
Stupid question; Does this, by itself, function as the complete aquarium "top"? And can I feed the fish through it without removing it completely?
Is there a spot when an internal filter cord can feed through?
Is it suitable for live plants? If not, will adding a couple LED strips help? Ty.
what are the cut out dimensions for the back? I want to know if my aqueon filter will fit on the back?
works in saltwater acuarium ?
will thr API 30 filter fit on this hood without damage to it?
Could I ask you for the dimmesions of the Gardman BA01158 Squirrel Baffle? I need the diameter and height please. And is this item clear or frosted?
Has anyone used this to stop chipmunks from getting at eggs in nests? We have a Bluebird Nesting Box on a pole will this fit?
will it fit a 3" diameter hole?
Will this baffle fit a pole of one-and-five-eighth-inch diameter?
Will this baffle fit the Gardman Deluxe Feeding Station with a pole of approximately one inch diameter?
I wanna buy a long 20 gallon tank.It measures 30x1/4 long and 12x1/2 deep. The hood on Amazon says 30 and 12 which means my tank is a 1/4 inch too long and a 1/2 inch too wide. My question is would the hood fit or is it exactly 30x12 and not big...
My tank is 36 x12, do you have that size available?
Does this provide the right light for live plants (freshwater)?
Can I grow corals in this lighting?
Will this led lighting be good for plants requiring low to medium light.
I'm purchasing a tank that is 30"x12.5". will this hood work? It's a SeaClear Acrylic Tank that apparently worked best with the Eclipse 3 system.
how long do led lights last?
It says to not use over open water? And to use it over a plastic top, what's the point of buying a hood then?
Does this hood fit a 20 gallon long tank?
Does anyone have a 20 long Aqueon brand tank and know if this will fit right? The tank measures 30x12 but confirming if it fits the inner groove.
I have a Maine Coon cat who has very fine hair that mats badly. I'm looking for a good clipper and blade combo to trim him up. Would you recommend?
Will these cut Aussie hair. Hers is thick.
Why does the title of this product say 2-speed but all the description say single speed? I want the 2-speed A5 Golden -- is this the correct Oster ?
I need to know the voltage watts and amps
What size blade comes with the clipper #10?
I see several variations on the A5 clippers such as "Turbo" and "Golden" but I can't tell the difference between them?
Are Oster Classic 76 blades interchangeable with A5 blades? Thinking replacing my broke 76 with stronger A5 (know it's for pets - don't judge!)
Hi all, what clipper is best for Scottie-Oster Powermax 2-speed or Oster A5 2-speed? 2000 vs. 4200 (powermax) strokes/minute?
Would you recommend the Oster A5 2 speed clipper or the Oster 78004-011 Powermax 2-speed clipper for grooming a Scottie?
What voltage does it run on? 110V or dual?
Can you have an African dwarf frog in one part of the tank and fish in another part of the tank???
Can anybody who bought this tank upload photos how it looks like with 3 bettas inside? Isn't it too small?
I want to use this for a convection demonstration in my class. Will the divider prevent the water on either side of the divider from mixing?
Instead of the glass dividers, will mesh dividers (from Michaels) slide into the slots?
Can only one heater be used for this tank or does it require three to heat the tank?
I want to use a pump and filter with this tank. Are there tiny holes in the dividers so all the water can be filtered, or are the dividers solid?
What filter fits this tank without too much current?
Are the separators removable?
Can you put a filter on it
is it possible 2 leave out dividers and put salt water fish in it &amp; about how many fish can you put in it? due 2 my health Dr thinks it will help me
Does it fit a Rat Terrier or Jack Russell
has anyone bought the 3000 version (30x19x21) or knows someone that did. does it also come with a divider? and is it really a good crate?
does the bottom plastic pan slide out?
how heavy is it. will carry it into motel rooms.
Does this one come with the mesh floor that goes inside the plastic pan?
Is this the same as the snoozy model?
can it be quickly broken down, for travel ?
does this kennel come with a divider
Correct dimensions. One place states 24x18x19 &amp; under product details states 24x16x18? Which is correct?
I saw a Precision crate in the dog store that folds down for travel. For you that have this crate, does it fold down to a flat crate for travel?
Would this be too big for a 3lb yorkie?
I want to confirm that there is indeed a divider that comes with this crate to adjust as my puppy grows (Coton, 15-17#)
Can this also be used as a carrier? I noticed on Wal-Mart that this item had a handle on top. On this website the photo does not show one.
what's the difference between the snooze crate and the provalue crate ?
Would this be a good crate for a West Highland Terrier?
I am looking into a crate pad but need to know which is the width and length of the bottom portion. I need to make sure I order the correct size. Than
Would this work on a several hour car trip for a 7 month kitten?
What size dog is this crate for? Up to how many pounds?
does this one come with a divider and the divider has an opening so you can use as a putty training ?
Does this get rid of plaque that's already on dogs teeth?
does it have any acids (citric?) that would erode the tooth enamel?
Can you bake this product in dog treats?
Does this product have a strong odor? Do dogs seem to like the taste? My dogs are extremely suspicious of anything new in/on their food. I
I notice that it comes in different mg how do you know which one is right for your pet?
Hi , what is the mg? Thanks
Has anyone tried this with cats? Does it work? Do you just put it in their food?
how does it work?
Would this product help with the oral problems in an FIV positive cat?
We bought ours last May and it worked great, but now it's rock hard, any suggestions?
Does this product have to lay completly flat or can it be put at an angle - like a chair?
how does this product work? I don't understand how it gets activated without refrigeration and then recharges?
My pad has shrunken into itself. How do I get it to spread out again?
Do you know anyone that has a XL breed dog over 120LBS that uses one of these cooling pads? What do they like and dislike about them?
Is this the new model (with gray border) or the old one model (all blue mat)?
How do you smooth out cooling pad?
Would this be a good idea for the inside of a dog stroller when walking around on hot days?
Is this thin enough to go over a memory foam crate pad so my dog can still benefit from the memory foam as well?
Would this pad be able to keep my 15 lb Boston cool at the beach in Alabama in July?
Is this tank suitable for beta's? I've been seeing a lot of people saying that the filter injures their fins?
I'm pretty new to tank/aquarium.Given the fact that this tank is small and so is the filter, how often do I need to clean and change the entire water?
Are guppies okay in this tank? I've read that the filter is really strong, and I don't want my guppies to get sucked up into the filter.
What kind of heater?
My pump has gotten loud, anyone else experience this and have a suggestion for a solution? I don't want to return the entire tank
Does this tank is suited for my little aquatic turtle?, I mean does anyone has a turtle in it? any advice?
Is this setup quiet? I want to set it up at the office in my cubical.
Is this a good quarantine tank? Just ordered first 10 gal tank for plants and 6 tetras, cherry shrimp. Would like a backup, this is a good price.
I would like to use the aquarium without the light. Is the light an integral part of the aquarium or can I dispense with the light?
is lighting enough for a low light reef
How does the pump system work? Does it need to plug into an outlet (electricity) or is it battery powered?
some people say it's noisy. what's up with that?
How can I encourage my cat to drink from the fountain? I keep water level high so as to minimize noise but he still won't drink from it. I purchased one years ago that he wouldn't drink from I thought because the noise bothered him. I found this at a...
Any leaking problems?
What color is bleached linen? Putty beige? And is it just like the old one (had mine 7 years, and finally cracked it, but the pump's good)
What kind of cord does this fountain use? Is it possible to purchase replacements?
what are the dimensions?
My wife noticed the AC adaptor was getting unusally hot and emitting a burning smell. Anyone????
instructions say to remove the filter reservoir by pulling straight up. but, it is firmly locked in place. how do you remove this piece?
what are the alternatives to buying the manufacturer's filters?
My kennel is 5x10 how many pieces will be needed?
How many 2' by 4' decks come for this price? is it just one or is it 8?
I have a 5x15 size kennel , how many will I need?
I have a 10 ft x 10 ft outdoor kennel. How many floors do I need?
I have have kennel that is 48 X 48, how my floors do I need?
What is the weight limit? Can people walk on them for cleaning purposes, etc?
How do you put this on a raised kennel floor without using plywood underneath it?
My pen is 60&times;60, would I need to get two?
Which one do we get?
IS THIS PRICE FOR ONE TOY OR FOR ALL FOUR?
Does toy bounce? Thanks!
I have an aggressive chewer for a puppy who loves fabric. Would this product withstand the chewing or would it be destroyed in a matter of minutes?
Does anyone know what percentage of ingredients is actually salmon oil?
Has it been purified to remove mercury and other toxins?
Is this product actually MANUFACTURED/PACKAGED in Alaska?
Does this product need to be refrigerated?
Can this be used for cats as well?
Does this product help at all with shedding or does it just help make their coats prettier/healthier looking?
Does it smell fishy or stinky? Does it make their breath smell?
does it contain omega 6 fatty acids?
Does it help with itching?
Does this have to be refrigerated after opening?
How many CFM does this put out?
what is the power of electricity to this air pump?
is the air pump 120 v or 220 v?
will this work like the picture? my chi's teeth look exactly like that ..
What are the instructions for using this product?
How does this work?
does it says what ingredients are in the bottle?
What are the actual ingredients?
How many ounces is this bottle?
Does this help with feline tooth resorption?
What are the ingredients? Thanks!
is this producr VOHC approved? (Veterinary Oral Health Council)
Where is Tropiclean made?
I have 1 green chick conure and 1 dusty conure - Should I get a small or medium backpack for both of them ?&gt;
How many cockatiels would Fit at one time?
Is the small too small for a galah?
I have a lesser sulpher crest cockatoo. I want the smallest carrier that she can comfortable fit in. Will this work
Hi. I want something to carry my Jardine in so she can see out. Does this pack have viewing mesh?
can you give me the physical size of the pet carrier please and what is the mesh made out of. I have a young 9mth old cockateil.
How maleable is this? I have a caique and need a carrier that will fit under a plane seat for when we move.
steel mesh?
Is the large size available on Amazon?
are there any one-way slots to put hands into the carrier? I'm flying with my lovebird and I'd like to be able to comfort him as needed
is the inside made for a bird that chews through wood i need one for a bird that chews through wood like it is paper
do i have a bad batch? all my food looks the same, purple mush. first time ordered, so i dont know what to expect. it says whole, but each can is mush
ounces
What size are these cans?
Are any of these variety's The Pate type ? Thanks For Your Help ...
What is the difference between the King Kamehameha and the Queen Emma? I feel silly asking, but is one better suited for males?
Where can you find lids to re-close the cans? It's only 2 1/2 inches in diameter, and the lids I've found are 3 1/2 to 4 inches.
Will not purchase a food that I cannot read about the ingredients...Very suspicious of several Brands on Amazon since they DO NOT list their ingredien
Does it say anything about country of origin?
what is in it?
How do you give it to your cat? Do they actually like to take it?
What is "organic lion's mane?" Why mushrooms? Cats don't naturally eat mushrooms.
The directions say 1/4 tsp. per 25 lbs. My cat weighs 5 lbs. How do I give 1/5 of 1/4 tsp?
when does it expire? ( it is on the bottom of the bottle )
when does it expire?
Can you recommend a caddy for this scoop?
Is it 10.99 for just one scooper?
I use crystal litter, the pearl kind, would this work for that?
Does this work with Blue walnut litter?
Is the plastic strong and sturdy, it won't bend when you scoop?
How well does this work with the tiny clumps that get left behind?
Where is the Litter Lifter made?
Can I choose color? I woud like any bright color, not light brown. Thanks!
Can I choose the color, teal or purple? or I cannot choose?
I don't see an option to select a color when ordering -- I'm interested in a neutral color. Are you able to request a certain color?
Does this light have the timer as well? That is the model number for the one with the timer but it didnt say on the add that it was on it.
these lights serve to maintain marine corals
Is this fixture dimmable?
what are the dimensions of this unit, i know the length but looking for width and height please
Did the light work good for coral
is the 48-60 one actually 48 inches in length?
Will this light be enough for a 90 Gallon Reef Aquarium?
the power input. Can I use with 220V?
timer
Is the underneath LEDS exposed? I need to use this for a saltwater tank with some splashing from fish.
If I have a tank width of exactly 36", which model would fit better? A 24"-36", or a 36"-48"? The size and fit is a little confusing.
Will this provide enough light for an aquarium 36 inches wide or best to go with a bigger product?
Would this light work for anemones and hard corals? Or just soft corals?
Where are these sticks from? Are they made/harvested/processed in the USA? I won't give my pets anything made in China.
rat
Are these good for rabbits?
can you give them to hamsters
Guinea Pig?
Does this product need to be used before any other treatment? I have a wool area rug that I had cleaned twice and still can smell the cat urine.
I have two big dogs and their beds are stinky. Can I use this product on the beds to eliminate the odors?
Does this product have a smell of its own?
Could you put this in the steam cleaner?
What are the ingredients of this item?
What is the difference between regular Zero Odor and Zero Pet Odor?
Can you spray this on your dog directly?
Is this like a frebreeze or do I use it in the litter box?
Does it work on a dog who got skunked?
Is there bleach in Zero Odor?
how many watts is this?
I read on another site this unit is only for enclosed tanks. Is that correct? It does not mention that on Amazon's webpage.
Does this have two separate power cords?
If you've had your bulbs for a year, it's time to replace them. What are you using? I use t5 HO 6000k with a 2700k for blooming. My plantsare doing ni
If you've had your bulbs for a year, it's time to replace them. What are you using? I use t5 HO 6000k with a 2700k for blooming. My plantsare doing ni
how would u all rate this against the green element EVO quad 4 lights and thoughts
Sorry one more - does this have any affect on the fish?
What is the ID (inner diameter) of the provided tube? I would like to add compatible parts for customization.
Also what if you just stop using- do your plants just stop the crazy growth or do you get algae problems?
What is the output of the regulator measured in PSI and what is the regulator's range?
I filled up both chambers, but nothing seems to be diffusing? What is going on? Thanks!
Only the bottom chamber seems to be "dissolving" for me. The top one stays full of air. Is this normal?
What if I just attached the CO2 canister via the tube to a ceramic/glass diffuser? How would that work?
I'm wondering if the diffuser unit will fit in the smaller chamber of the filtration portion in a Fluval Spec V? That chamber is ~5.5cm x 5.5cm.
Can i use 12 gram co2 airsoft cartridges?
Can I use it in a small growing room not aquarium
Could this be used in a RDWC Hydroponic system?
I have a 14 gallon biocube I set up last week that has been running high. I wish to grow corals. Would this work? How would you set it up?
Will this work on a 35 gallon acrylic hexagon aquarium?
hi what universal adaptor should i use with this item
I have a 55 gal. salt water tank I need to drop the temp from 85 degrees to 74-76 degrees will this work. my fish don't like it hot.
yes,that was a huge concern for me also that there is no second escape door,why???
Is there an opening for an electric heater cord?
How does it keep possums or other animals away?
Would a cat bring their 'kills' into the tube? I don't like the idea of having to clean critter guts out of it.....anyone have this problem?
Is it sturdy enough for 2 cats to sit on top of it?
why is the shipping so expensive
can I add a heat pad to the kitty tube?
can I have the measurements of the Kitty Tube - height? width? thanks Mike H.
is this house warm for cats in rigid temps?
I purchased a small dog igloo for my cat and it has a terrible "plastic" smell that has never gone away. Does this product have the same issue?
Can the 2 colors work separately?
will this work for only the lights? i don't need any airflow.
Do I still need a filter after buying this product?
do the lights stay a solid color or does it flash
I want a light outside of the tank. I have airstone inside of the tank. Can this be used for lighting OUT of water?
Do you still need a top light with this light
do i need to put this inside the tank? or i can just hang/screw it with the canopy?
how does it plug in?
Via Aqua 12" aquarium led light + airstone: do i need to buy anything else for this product(pump ,airline etc)?
Can the lights be turned off separate from the bubbles?
how many times can they be washed
Do they fold well? I have a SleepyPod travel bag and the size changes...
Do you use these pads with a holder or box of some sort?
Do these pads actually absorb quickly and feel dry to the touch? I have another brand and it seems to stay wet for hours. Thanks for your help.
Are there actually two pads in the pack? I've read some reviews where it says two but has one. Also, I see it says 24x24 and 12x12 which is correct?
my shepard is a strong chewer, she destoys all , will this survive? we had a double ring chew that lasted a long time the new ones we buy just do not hold up .. need a very strong double ring chew what and where do we find it???
This toy is fantastic, but it only lasted a month. Purchased Dec 21. How do I take you up on your free replacement offer?
i purchased this for my dog for christmas and she has already chewed it in half? is there anything stronger?
Does this float?
what different from the colors??
What size?
how do i get the product guarantee?
Does this chew toy have a flavor or is just a rubber flavor that tastes bad?
Is there a solid cover over the mesh door on top?
Is there any way this can collapse with the dog in it?
Can you use a car seat belt with it?
i have a 90lb lab. it sounds like its bigger than 42 inches is that correct? he needs a big crate.
Where is it made?
Can the crate be strapped into a car with the seat belts to keep the dog safe in event of an accident?
As it's not eligible for Prime, how long did this item take to arrive after ordering?
Would a 32lb. Sheltie fit into this size crate? Thanks!
Does the cage set up similar soft crates with the spring assisted tubes? Are the tubes sturdy? I need to be able to hang stuff for sugar gliders.
Is this airline approved ?
Is the navy blue like it is pictured or is it darker?
Heller! What are the dimensions of the bag with the crate inside? Trying to judge whether this would be a viable option for air travel. Thank yer :)
Can you use the handles so it can be carried when folded without the bag? Does the bag open flat ?
Is this a crate that the poles are removable, or do they stay together and just slide to collapse the crate?
Does anybody ever leave their dog in this crate unattended or are these crates pretty much just used for dog shows? Does it get too hot for them?
The zipper was broken on the mat cover. Is there any way to replace it?
I lost my carrying case for this crate. Is it possible to purchase a replacement carrying case?
Does this have loops at the bottom corners that could be used to secure the crate inside a vehicle? Or is there some other way it could be secured?
36 or 42 in for 80-90 lb dog?
Has anyone tried to wash the fabric? If so, was it easy to remove from the poles?
I broke the part of the pole that slides back and for to construct the cage. Is there any way I can get a replacement part?
How much does this weigh in its carrying case?
Does it come with hooks or something to secure it with the car sit belts?
what size dog fits in this crate?
What is the size and weight for the package?? (I need to know because the ship company charge the cost based on Size and weight) thanks
how do you assemble the inside top frame?
I think the picture shows a solid cover rolled up on the long side. Are these on all 4 sides so I can make it so my dog can't see out?
hi can someone please tell me how big the top window is when you unzip it? crate is 42" L, how much of that is open window after you unzip top? thx
Does this product have a strong plastic odor?
Is it water resistant?
I there a way to attach a water bottle/bowl?
Was wondering if this would be suitable for a puppy?
Does this crate attach to the car's seatbelt? Thanks
Does this have a clip or a lock of some sort to keep the zippers up when the animal is inside the crate? Also can all 4 sides act as a door, and do all 4 sides have a zipper it to get air through all sides of the crate?
Is it big enough for a Beagle?
how much does the folded crate weigh?
what does it weigh?
Does it have a carrying handle? Or does it have to be put into the case to carry by a handle?
Is the base/floor/bottom soft like the sides? I'm looking for a hard solid base. Thanks
What kind of material is used the "walls" of this crate?
I have a guide dog who is approx. 55-60 lbs. What size soft crate do I need?
Will it roll over in a van?
what is the bottom made of?
What size for my 10# cat? I'm driving across country w her so want room for her to stretch her legs yet feel safe. Advice?
What is the thickness of this crate (in inches) when it is folded down?
Is the bottom permanently attached? I have another brand and the bottom is Velcroed done and the puppies can easily pull it back and sneak out.
Does the bottom come off for easy cleaning?
How do you wash the cover and case? Ours has a smell from being brand new and we don't want the puppy to have to deal with that.
Are there any tie-downs on the outside of the crate to secure it inside a car?
Does anyone no if this crate will fit in a suv lexus 350. My rottie weighs 74lbs
What is the voltage on it?
How many eggs it holds
What is the weight ?
Reviews are bit scary. Looking for small incubator for stability testing for skin care products. Any recommendations? thank you
Is this the new model?
Could it control humidity?
is this incubator air tight. I'm looking to fit 24 half pint mason jars in it and I can stack them, in your opinion would they fit?
are the measurements provided the internal or extrenal. I would be using this as an oyster mushroom incubator.
Will the temperature hold well at settings of 30C and 37C? I plan to use it as incubator to start bacterial cultures in test tubes.
Would this bator work for silkie chicken eggs? They are small compared to regular eggs
I have an older one that is demolished! Does this one have a fairly heavy piece of wood as does the original that the rope is wrapped around?
What is the size/dimentions of this scratcher
How do I find a replacement snap-in toy?
I don't understand where you're supposed to put the catnip! in the zippered area? seems rather primitive
is this price for 2 scratchers as pictured?
Do they leak?
Do these pads have a scent?
What color are they?
How big are they?
when it says royal blue, is that the color, because I want pink
What size of vest for a 10 pound dog?
Does this harness protect from the dog hurting their neck when on leash?
Does the royal blue vest have black binding around the edge of the vest?
Does the royal blue puppia vest have black trim around the edge?
What is the measurment for the neck and how much can it be adjusted? My dog's measurements are 8"neck and girth of just 12". Will this one fit?
The blue shown in the pic with multiple harnesses is not royal blue. Just want to make sure that indeed you have the darker roayl blue (almost navy)?
Does it have a lower neck ring for the tags? I can't find a harness with rings for both --- tough to find in collars as well.
How many gallons? How many gallons is this?
Heater: What Heater goes with this aquarium?
will it be OK for one beta and two guppies?
I just need a new pump. bowl, light and filter fine this is my 2nd one lites went out on first my fish outlive this system don't think I'd get another
Where do I buy replacement filters? I don't see any here on Amazon.
5gallons
hey .im looking at getting a goldfish but need help . would this one be suitable!
what cind of filer dose it use
beta
Do fish jump out? I have a betta but was concerned it could jump out since there is no lid, or does the current keep this from happening?
This seems a bit too expensive for Plywood and veneer. It is more attractive than the average cat tree, but other than that what justifies the cost?
Can it handle a 25lb. cat?
Would you be able to put a couple small food dishes on one level (to keep away from dogs)?
Can you access the cubby from the top by raising the top or do you need to take the tree apart to open the cubby
Will it fit in a corner space that has 26" between the wall and a cabinet and still have the ability for the cat to jump up to the different levels?
Would a cat with no front claws be able to use it?
Will this (all levels) fit into a space that is 20" wide between a bookcase and a door? I could face it out into the room or sideways facing the door.
Is this made of wood &amp; painted or fake wood &amp; painted
Would this cat tower be good for an outdoor "catio"? My patio is 100% covered and screened-in but does get quite humid.
It says it will fit 20-55g aquariums...not very specific...can anyone tell me the dimensions of the widest part of the filter box? Thx
How does the water get through to the waterfall and how is the water clarity after two weeks?
What is the voltage? 120V? or 220V?
Hi does anyone know if i can place this high up in my tank so i could still have deep water?
I have a large female red-eared slider (about 6 in.). Would this product provide a suitable amount of space for her to walk on?
could you use sand for this don't realy like the look of gravel?
Do you think its a good idea to put a mantis in a tank with this? I saw a dude use vines and those bendable branches over he water section
will this fit in an 10 gallon tank?
Can this fit well in a 20 gallon fish tank? I think my baby red eared slider get up the rocks? does it keep the water cleaner faster?
Hello My spotteds are in only about 4" of water so I wish to know how tall the landing area and total waterfall is? thnx
Can this feeder be used without the bowl? I would like to put this up high and use PVC pipe to funnel the food into my cat's dish (it's a long story).
Can this feeder be electric, or both battery and electric?
Is there a low battery light indicator?
How does the frequent feeder setting work and do you have to reprogram that particular setting daily?
I'm looking at this for a small dog who only gets a total of 1/3 cup of food a day....How is this for getting accurate small measurements?
Has anyone figured out how to split the single tube feeder into two bowls for two cats? My cats won't share food space.
I am having a terrible time getting this thing together. I can't get the small end of the hook into the hole in the back of the feeder.
Hey all, I lost my instructions, does anyone know how to reset the clock (daylight savings...)?
Can cats get into this feeder easily? My cat is food-crazy and figured out how to get into the other timed feeder I had.
I need to deliver dry food once a day for 12 days. How many day can it be set for?
What size is xtra small
how long is a small?
my dog has a 16" neck, is medium appropriate to order?
I have a large (84 lbs.) golden retriever -- what size collar does she need??
what is the width of the collars?
does dye come off on dog
How wide is iit 3/8 1/2 in ?
I have a beagle puppy who keeps pulling on the leash and breaking her flimsy collars. Her neck is 12"- what size would fit her?
What is the length of x large, I need 26"
We have two dogs and would be buying two collars/remotes. Would they work respectively, or would dog #1 receive tone/vibration from either remote?
Can the correction be from the remote and/or from the collar alone when the dog barks?
Is the collar water resistant/waterproof?
Are these rechargeable, or do you have to replace batteries when they die?
This might be a stupid question but are these bones actually blue? Has anyone had problems with the bones staining carpet?
Small is 3"Length . . . what is the Mini?
What are the ingredients? My dog is allergic to alpha, barley, corn, lamb, pork, and potatoes.
Where are these "bones" manufactured? Are they made in China, by any chance?
how durable are these? Will they last a while for heavy chewers?
What size dental bone do you give the dog weighing under 25 pounds? We could use more of a guideline regarding this.
Will sand clog it?
Would it be possible to replace the spray bar with airline tubing? For use in Dendro. Viv. with pond and waterfall
Is there a cap at the end of the clear spray bar?
Where is the intake for the water? (Sorry for being a bother)
Approximately how many cups of food are in the 38.5 lb bag?
What size dog in pounds is a large breed?
i need large kibble (pieces) as my golden tends to swallow small pieces without chewing. suggestions?
Does this arrive in the advertised bag or just loose bits in a packaging box like 1 comment here indicates?
Can you verify this is really from HIll?
do I need a medical prescription in order to buy this food?
ingredients?
How old does puppy go up to
where is this dog food made?
Does this have glucosamine in it?
8 month old Yorkie, a real monster, chewed up baseboards when we werent home, is this muzzle heavy, I would feel bad straining his neck
I have a 70lbs boxer. What size would you recommend?
size 1 is the same to size 6- 15 lbs?????
I have a 45lb female american pitbull terrier. What size of muzzle should I order her?
Anyone have one for a boxer? How's the fit? Easy to feed treats? Possible for dog to carry toy?
Can the dog still bark while wearing this muzzle?
what are the dimensions of this dog muzzle? I have a Japanese chin with flat nose and I want to make sure that it fits. Thanks.
Can I use this with the repti sun 10.0 24 inch buln?
I have the Zilla Critter Cage 20L. This cozy little critter tank is 12" deep. I mention this because my impression of the 30" T8 Light Fixture is that it is a little challenge to emit it's reported UVB levels through the Zilla screen cover. Has anyone...
I'm currently using this with the 20L Zilla Critter Cage which has a fairly thick screen. IMO, the screen is blocking too much of the UVB to be effective to nearly anything like the 50 level of UVB being claimed. Anyone else feel this way?
Can I use this for open top aquariums
what size bulb does this take?
does it work with a back bench seat with no headrest?
What is the backing like? Does anyone have any experience with how slippery fabric is against leather seats?
Does this seat cover work with a Volvo XC90?
How is the seat fastened to the bench?
Hi would this fit a ford egde?
Is this cover plastic or canvas? Is it soft at all?
will it fit in the back seat of a 2009 honda civic 4 door car very good ??
I've ordered one of these before but the chemical smell was so strong I had to throw it away. Does anyone know how this one is?
Will this fit my Honda CRV 2014
Will this fit my 2011 Acura RDX?
I would like a pen that folds or is easily taken down and put back up for traveling with pet. Will this pen do that?
do you have the bed and tray also in yellow?
measurements of pen? L xW x H
Are these as soft as the non-Gluscosamine &amp; Chondrotin yummies? I'm seeing a lot of "hard" references.
What is the expiration date on the package? Thank you!
Is any of the ingredients made or packaged in China? Is there an expiration date on the pkg
where does the ingredients for this product come from? Inside the US or outside?
Why are they all so hard now? Used to be soft and chewy, now hard and inedible for pets...
how much do you give a small dog?
Do all puppies get "the squirts" from these treats? They gave my puppy the squirts (diarrhea) for a week. Why? and do you have a solution?
You raised the price from $19.95 to $22.31 a few days ago, Now you raised it to $25.20. Are you going to keep raising the price every few days?
I bought three bags of this less than two weeks ago at $19.95 each, now they are $22.31 each. Why? Is this price going to continue to increase?
What is the expiration date? Are they hard or soft?
What are the dimensions of this thermometer?
I noticed in the photo that the temperature is in Celsius. Does this have a Fahrenheit reading on it as well as Celsius?
Can I use it to measure lake temp. At the dock
Can this be used in salt water. And is it definite as one response indicated that one can remove a plunger at the bottom to make it sink and record below-surface temperatures?
does it sink?
Would this collar fit a 14 pound dog?
what is the range of the collar
can you fellthe vibrate or is it set to where the dog is the only one to feel it
Why does't the charge hold only after a few shocks or vibrations? It takes a long time to recharge itself. No one else should buy this product.
Does it fit a small dog/puppy (about 3-4 lbs)?
Will this fit a 10 lb dog(ie yorkshire terrier) He bark when i leave him and i live in an apartment now and i cant have him barking all day long HELP
Is the adapter included with this device?
If I buy 2 units, can both remotes be set to control both collars?
Does anyone know if there is a splitter that we can buy to allow both the collar and the remote to be changed at the same time?
does the bottom zip as well as the top, how many small puppies do you think you could fit in this
Would the 38" playpen be big enough to hold two 2lb kittens, a bed, water, food and a litter box?
How do you fold the tent to get it back in the bag?
Are there stakes or tie down s included so it will stay in place outdoors in the. Wind?
Can the dog chew its way out of the playpen or get out?
does this has 2 doors?
How tall is this item? I am 5'5, would it be around hip length?
do full grown big cats fit in the condos?
I have one 8lb cat who is used to going outside. I have been advised several times by our vet to keep her inside. Is the tree a good alternative?
is it wood or compressed wood
where can i get replacement scratching poles that fit this condo?
Why does the Blue version of this cat tree cost $20 more than the Beige version? Is this cat tree worth the money?
How Strong is it
With the color being dark blue, does it show hair more than a beige colored tree? I love the blue color, but don't want to have to vacuum it daily.
What is the size and weight of the packaged product?.
Is this free shipping? Thanks
At what height is the top of the second levels? I am hoping to find one that lines up with the window.
How does the cover hold up? I bought 2 covers for the Coolaroo beds and they both tore in middle after about a month? 50+Pit Mix
Does anyone know how this compares to the Coolaroo steel-framed elevated bed? I have a Siberian Husky
Anyone else notice that the leg/corner supports are not as sturdy as previous models?
I have Coolaroo and it"s impossible to replace the cover because the screws are rusty.Could i do it with this brand?
Would the large work for a 50 lb. AmStaff? She sometimes curls up and sometimes lies on her side to sleep.
Is this really chew proof? We have a belgian malinois and he chews EVERYTHING that is in his kennel, from the metal water bowel and 2 igloo houses.
how hard was it to get the cover stretched and attached to the frame?
What size for a 45# Siberian Husky
Can't find the instructions, anywhere! Can anyone tell me where to look for them?
what makes it chew proof? what size for a 75lbs alaskan husky?
What are the ingredients?
Are these made in the USA? Thank you
How long do these need to be taken before you can expect to see results ?
It states free shipping with orders over $35. I ordered 3 bottles which comes to over $76. But $10 was added for shipping. How come?
would this be good for cats dry food? looking for a "paw" proof feeder.
I am hoping to use the P-7000 in my boathouse to feed koi and fantails. It will get quite cold and I am wondering if that affects the operation.
Where can i find a toturial on how to program this nightmare?!?!
what is the required temperature range for outdoor use?
how many days max can this feeder feed?
just received fishmate 7000, I use Tetra Koi pond sticks, has anyone had problems with sticks getting damp and clogging in tube?
What is the default mode when 1st powered up? Timer? Dispense?
Is this device battery only, or can it be converted to plug in?
I need setup instructions for my Fish Mate P7000. Can you provide that please?
Is it sealed well enough to keep ants out?
Interior dimensions?
What can I use to protect the wood, in the event my cat misses? I have a Littermaid mega 980. Is a water sealant adequate?
Can you use it as a bench also, adult able to sit on this?
How easy is it to clean inside? My cat tends to go over the side of the box
I have 2 litter boxes - would they fit either side by side or end? and is there a way to have an opening on the side vs just one on the end as shown?
it says that the entrance can be place in either side of the unit but when I place the order it doesn't give me that option, how can I do it?
How hard is this to put together? What tools will I need?
I purchased this and the smell of varnish is so strong I cant even put it together without getting a sore throat. Anyone know what to do about it? It is so powerful I am worried about the cats spending even enough time in there to go to the bathroom.
I have a 22 pound Maine Coon. Would a large kitty fit inside the box, and be able to move around?
is there a choice fo side of entry?
Can you use the Litter Locker Plus Refills with this product?
Who among you has used all four types of bags: If you can, which was best and why?
Can this Littler Locker be used for Dogs too? I am looking for something similar for Dogs....can this product work effectively for dogs too?
how tall is this item?
The refills state that they last up to 2 months. But the unit itself holds only two week worth? Where is the difference coming in here? Do you cut the refills and keep going?
are the bags bio-degradable--or can you use biodegradable bags with it?
Does it tip easy? My secondary concern is how big are the tubes and could his aforementioned huge paws fit?
What are the diameters of the tubes? Ideally my small cat would be able to scoop food out of the tubes, but they would be impossible for my big cat to get food from!
I have a Singapura cat. They are extremely intelligent. Would this keep him occupied or would he figure it out in about 10 seconds like the ohers I
What is the difference between this item and the Aikiou stimulo cat activity feeding Center?
I have a declawed cat. I wasn't the one who declawed her and I agree it's a terrible, terrible thing. Could she use this?
Is this ok to use with a 10 week old kitten? We would still use a regular feeder as well, right?
Does one feeder work for two cats?
Is this fountain all stainless or is the outside bowl white?
I've had it for only a week and the pump ran for a day and a half and then quit. Where can I contact the company to ask for a replacement pump?
I just set up this and water does not flow over the top bowl as shown in all the pictures, there is a small pool of water and it's bubbling, but not flowing like a fountain. Can someone advise how to fix this?
Does anyone else have a problem with foaming or bubbles on the surface of the water? It looks like scum, but it's not, and the fountain is clean.
Which is better the stainless steel pioneer or the ceramic? I have a cat that likes to tip the fountains.
I have a blind friend who wants a cat. Would they be able to go a week without needing to add water? What about if they also had the 70 oz reservoir?
Does this item use a pre-filter/debris trap? I want to filter only large debris so I can use a dental additive.
Is there any kind of non-skid surface on the bottom of the fountain?
Is this big enough / good for large dogs? I have 2 goldens, 1 is around 110lbs and the other one is a puppy who I am assuming will be at least 80-90lbs. I currently have the Drinkwell Big Dog fountain which is ok, but a nightmare to clean.
is the sound pleasing?
Spacing inches on bottom grate?
Is this a good cage for a sugar glider?
What is the height on the cage itself? Description says 36" but it looks taller.
I know the cage comes off the stand, but can it be used without it too?
is this compatible with Super Pet CritterTrail Clear View Discovery Habitat? Also, is it suitable for gerbils?
Will this be good for a syrian hamster? I have a crittertrail cage right now and she's almost too big for the tubes.
I want to use this as an add on, but I don't need the wheel. Can I take the wheel off and attach tubes instead?
Can some one tell the the diameter of the bottom of the cage.....as in the base .....I'm trying to see if this cage is smaller or larger than the ovo
Does this come with a water bottle?
Would this be suitable for 3 mice if i also purchased the addon edventure pack?
Does anyone know what kind of plastic this is made out of? Like, if you turn it over does it have a plastics number in a triangle on the bottom (1-7)?
can i replace the wheel for it to fit a robo hamster
which cage is better for a robo hamster, the habitrail ovo home or the habitrail ovo dwarf hamster habitat, for the robo hamsters??
Is this cage good for a robo hamster? Also, is the wheel good for a robo hamster?
What material is this fountain made from please? Plastic? Ceramic?
What are the dimensions? How tall is it to the water spout area? how deep from lip to center square?
What makes the pump run?
Is the plastic BPA free?
My dog likes to play in his water. It looks like the drinking part is small. Could he still splash around? Or is it small enough to prevent that?
Does the light have a switch to turn it off?
How tall is it at the top of the fountain where the water comes out? I have two pomeranians and was wondering if they could reach it to drink?
Is this dual voltage compatible? I currently have 220v available and would hate to burn out the pump or something along those lines. Thanks in advance
Distance: How far away can the dog get?
Do you think the unit that delivers the "shock" and vibration would be too big for a seven pound Pomeranian?
Can we purchase replacement screws?
I just received my replacement receiver. How do I know when it is fully charged?
Is there a beep as well as shock/vibration?
warranty: is ther a warranty with this coolar
can you use the vibrate without using the shock?
How many vibration and shock levels does the unit have?
Can the remote control be turned off so it can be put in a pocket?
Am I missing the on off button for this collar? When I put the collar on my dog it doesn't always work. Should the red light stay on?
how many tank gallons?
how many gallons is it!
Are there dividers that can be used in this tank? I'd like to keep two fish away from each other.
Is this tank made of plastic and how many gallons is it?
Can you use a small heater with this aquariium?
where can i get replacement filters cartridges?
how big of a dog can it fit with comfort? My dog is 25 lbs West Highland Terrier
Where was this made?
Will it fit a 19 pound dog?
will my 30 lb jack russel fit?
My Maltese refuses to go in this dog house. I've tried treats, toys, etc. He still naps in bright/noisy areas of my house instead. Any suggestions?
is it water proof
Will this be too hot/warm for the dog in southern California summers which can run up to 105F if kept outside?
This says assorted colors, tan, blue and pink, but i see nowhere on the page to PICK the color you want. Am I missing something?
What kind of material is the dog house made of? Is it a polyester or a plush soft velvet of cotton?
How thick is the bed cushion? I have a19
I have a 140lb mastiff who doesn't pull until he sees a dog. Then I have no chance. Will this collar help control him?
What size dog will the "medium" collar fit?
Do you recommend this for a 14 week old doberman about 25lbs? Is it overkill?
Does the dog wear it all the time or only when walking on a leash?
where do you ship to
Is this the second generation collar?
How thick is the leash that comes with the medium collar?
What size the medium Illusion collar fits
What size collar do I need for a springer spaniel. He is currently 9 mo. Old and 40 lb.
What size bowl should I get for my 9 lb shih tzu?
Is this product made in the USA?
Before I order too many it's not a set, right?
Is there anything written on the inside of the bowl? My dog's current water dish has the word 'water' written on the inside and he growls at it.
Is this a 6" or an 8" bowl?
How thick is the pillow inside?
what are the dimensions of this house??
My dog is 20 lbs. is he too big to fit.?
Is this house zippered or put together by velcro?
IS the entire pet home washable or just the removable pad? thank you
&iquest;Does it work for medium Beagle?
Can this house fit a 17 pound westie?
There are so many conflicting answers about dog size, I don't know what to do. The description says "small &lt;25 pounds". Mine is 14lbs. Will she fit?
Is the roof removable?
Is this accurate? Better than salifert?
Hi Please, what is the expiration date for the kit?
1993, 2003, 2013, 2023, 2033, 2043, 2053, 2063, 2073, 2083, 2093, 2103, 2113, 2123, 2133. Does the Calcium B reagant contain any of these batch #s?
by other reviews, do these kits still contain the recalled calcium reagant? These are the faulty batch numbers. Thanks
How accurate is this kit? Planning on switching from Salifert as I think this will reduce my costs some, seems easier to use with hand tool?
What are the dimensions of the item?
Sorry if I'm overlooking this in the description, but what makes this "eco-friendly"? Also, what material is it made of, and is there a smell to it?
Does this have openings for seat belts?
Does this have a chemical smell to it? I just bought another one and the chemical smell is horrible.
Hello. I would like to know the color of this cover. Is it grey?
Is this grey on one side and then beige on the other?
Does anyone know if it has spots for the car seat latches? it would just be two spots on one side to reach the car seat clips in between the seat.
would this fit a prius c hatchback with seats down? I think from rear cargo to front seats about 57"
What are the measurements. How wide?
does it fit a back seat of 50" width? or is it too wide and overlaps for a Lexus 250?
I'm new to co2 even though i have been in the aquatic experience for many years... is this kit easy to setup? and comes with instructions?
Can it fit to "Fluval Edge 6 GAL"? How long can it last?
would this be ok in a 50 gallon tank
Do you have to use the Fluval 88g CO2 canisters or can you use the cheaper 88g paintball canisters? Are they they same thread pattern?
Does the diffuser work well? Could I use this system in a 10 gallon tank
Im leaving my 6.5 gallon tank alone for 10 days, can this be left, at least somewhat effectively, on a low setting for that duration of time?
hi I have an aquarium of 31 gallons, the system can last?
how long does a cartridge last?
This system is rated for 15-40 gallon tanks. My tank is 10 gallons. Will it be ok to use this on my 10 gallon?
Can I use it in a small growing room not aquarium
is the metal really flimsy like some people are saying because we have a 42 pound dog and she doesnt try to get out of her cage so we want to know if this cage would work well for her
Would this work well for an adult English Labrador retriever?
how well does this cage work for kittens?
Thinking about using this for a bunny. 2 questions: 1. are the wires close enough together so he won't get stuck 2. How high is the floor pan?
How wide is the door?
is this considered a Large?
Would this work for a male, 90-100lb German Shepherd?
What are the dimensions of this crate.
Is this a foldable kennel, that folds easy without having to take apart each time?
How is it to disassemble and assemble? Thinking about only assembling when needed not to have it assembled at all times.
Is the dimensions of 24L x 17W x 19H the kennel that I would recieve if ordered. (Recently ordered from different seller and received a smaller size). Sending that kennel back, highly dissapointed with the other seller as well as product. Thank you in...
is it a steel cage? One report said the Pug chewed it up to destruction??!!!
What are the measurements of each door?
Reviews say this has two doors as well at the picture shows two doors although the description does not state two doors. Does this specific kennel have two doors?
Does this come with a divider?
My dog is 5 pounds I want to know is good for me
I have a 7 and a half year old Jack Russell/Mini Pincher (SP?) and he weighs about 25-30 pounds, maybe less but definately not more, is it big enough?
I have a malt-shi and she' s puppy now, but will only get to be around 6 lbs tops, is this the size i need. I don't see weight descriptions on here.
If I have a russian tortoise and I a going to bring him with me in the car on a day trip , would this be ok for him ?
What would be the next smaller size? I have two dogs. One is tenn pounds and the other 12 pounds. I want buy two crates but the same size. What would
How tall is it without the stand? I'm looking for the living space for my girls.
I have 2 conures... Is this cage big enough for them to fly inside? How thick is the wire?
Anyone know where to get a new bottom tray?
Is this cage large enough for 4 cockatiels?
would this hold pet rats
Is this entirely made of wrought iron? Is it only a wrought iron frame? Or is this only painted to look like wrought iron? Thanks
Would it be possible to ship this to South Africa? So desperate for this cage for my little boy cockatiel!!:(
Have some questions: Is assembly easy? Do you need to get a separate seed catcher? Will it roll on carpet? Overall, are you pleased with this cage?
Is this item durable? What about the paint?
Does the speed circuit track fit together with the play circuit track?
Does this still hold interest months or years after purchase, or only while it's still new to them?
what size batteries does this take and how many?
If I buy two of these, can I put them together? Or is there seperate pieces to buy to make it a larger circuit?
Does the ball are same as other play circuit? or it lights like the picture?
How many pieces are in one 'pack?'
It looks like a circle in the picture, but I notice someone said it's in an "s" shape. Can it be put together in a circle shape?
When this is put together who long &amp; how wide is it.? We live in an old motor home &amp; it doesn't have a slide out so I want to see if I could get it.
Are the illuminated balls included?
Does this come with the batteries?If not what kind do they take? Thank u!! &eth;&#159;~&#138;
Does this dog seat just sit on the back seat of the car? Or does it only hng from the headress? I am looking for a cozy plAce for our 22lb dog when we travel 12hrs or so
Is this seat also designed to work in a back seat with a headrest?
I have two small 10 lb dogs. Can two pups fit in there?
Can the dog put its head out the window a bit from the seat?
Do you attach it using the seat belt?
Is it hard to get the dog in and out of this seat?
Would this work in the back seat of a truck?
is there a smaller size for a dog up to ize 15 lbs?
Does this have a strap attached to restrain your dog inside?
on first day, my smart dumb cat learned to knocked the whole thing over to save time... how can I keep this thing from getting knocked over?
Can this be used as my cats primary food "bowl" or is it mainly used for treats? My cat needs to slim down a little. Thank you!
Could this be usable by smaller pets, like ferrets or rats?
Does this have a way to keep it from being tipped over? I am sure my smarty-cat will just knock it over, if possible....
Do the top perches have a little raised border around them, or are they flat?
what color is carpeted covering?
what are the dimensions of the box?
What is the size and weight of the packaged product?.
Will this hold/fit larger cats? Is there a weight limit for the pedestals?
I have 3 of your awesome condos ... do you sell replacement scratcher posts?
My skimmer seems to be a bit noisy. Any suggestions on reducing the noise and vibration? Tried adding a thin foam pad between the magnets with no luck
I see total height. How much must be above waterline?
Has anyone tried this on a coralife biocube 29?
can i use this on my standard 20g reef tank?
Will this fit in the back chamber of a 14 gallon coralife biocube, ??
I have a 46 gallon bowfront aquarium that is filled 11 inches high with water for my aquatic mud turtle. Is this skimmer right for the job?
Will this fit in the rear chamber of a 24 gallon JBJ nanocube with the hood on /closed?
Does the Hydor USA SlimSkim version work with 220V 50Hz?
can you use this in a sump
Can I use this skimmer with a 110volt power source?
Can I use this skimmer with a 240volt power source?
Can I use this skimmer with a 100volt power source?
Would this work with an Innovative Marine nuvo fusion 40?
can i use the 48 gallon one on a 30 gal tank? how much room will it take up? is this loud can it be in a bed room ?
ordered this skimmer but its not compatible with my current hood and lights due to the depth, what are good options for a 55 gal aquarium?
Are these neck sizes in circumference or diameter? Our cat's neck is 9.5" around, I'm assuming sizing for this product is referring to the diameter instead - I can't imagine a 5-6" circumference fitting anything but a ferret.
My cat has irritated his eye by rubbing his face on the sharp corners of cabinets, walls, etc. Will this collar protect his face?
I have a yorkie 10 lbs. Neck measured around with a soft tape measure is about 9.5 to 10 inches around. What size would be better for her? thanks
What size do you get for a kitten I measured her neck she small 5 months old?
Would this keep a cat from using his mouth to pull at fur on his hind legs and lower back?
Have a shihtzu with an irritation on it's back leg. Does this bend? Will it prevent her from reaching that spot? She is about 15 lbs
Can this be washed? I have one, but neither the label nor the information that came with it says anything.
What type of plastic is used to make the Kong EZ Collar?
how do you measure for the right size?
They quote a small as 6" neck size. Is that diameter or circumference? I have a small poodle about 20 pounds and his current collar is about 11 inchs
my dog licks his paw .the plastic collar we bought is not high enough, only 12 cm. will this one work? .
Can this be washed - or just by hand? My cat threw up unfortunately :-(
I'm considering this as a "warning device" for my blind dog so he doesn't walk into walls trying to navigate. Is it stiff enough he'd feel it bump wal
My kitty has a hurt back paw. He got the vet e collar off in one day. Will this stop him from chewing it?
My cat has approx a 9in neck and has a hotspot near her tail. Would a small work for her, and would it prevent her from getting to her tail?
Will this keep a cat from scratching their head?
Would this prevent my Bulldog/Boxer from being able to scratch her face with her paws?
my dog weighs about 24 lbs, he's a terrier mix. What size should i get? Thank you!
what is the length of the coat?
I am trying to return for a smaller size. I ordered the medium without the number next to it. Is that medium with the number a different size? Need a small.
Only asking this because the sizing is off. What size would you recommend for an Australian Shepherd or Border Collie? My dog is 37 pounds.
Is this truly waterproof and will it keep my dog dry? I bought a different brand that claimed to be waterproof and would keep my dog dry. It did not.
how to measure dog?
What size should I get for a 13 pound dog? He is 12 inches from the base of the neck to the tail.
My cairn terrier is 27 lbs chubby 15" from neck to tail what size should I buy?
does it have a slot for the leash to attach to the dogs collar?
what are the back and chest measurements?
What is the maximum flow rate that you can put through this lamp without causing damage?
Does this unit need to be placed in the water, or can it be used as an inline UV lamp hooked up to my canister filter?
How do you install it inside the tank, does it come with suction cups?
what size tank is this for? i have a 73 gallon with a 30 gl sump
would this work if i put it inplace of my intake strainer on my canister filter?
Do you sell replacement bulbs?
Will this test prove a purebred?
How many breeds are in your database? My dog is from Japan so I was wondering if you had those breeds in your system.
What is the difference between the Wisdom Panel 2.0 identification DNA test kit and the Wisdom Panel Mixed breed DNA test kit? Which should I use?
is this Wisdom Panel Mixed Breed test the most recent edition? Does the edition for sale on Amazon include these breeds?
Can you test more than one dog per kit?
Is this the same product as Wisdom Panel 2.0?
can I get a dna from a 2 week old puppy
My dog came back as an American Staffordshire terrier mix. Do you ever catagorize dogs as a "pitbull."
My two dachshunds have similar markings. Got them from the same shelter. Will the test tell me if they are related?
I just adopted a mixed breed. can wisdom panel tell me exactly what breed(s) he is?
what is the bar spacing of the collapsible bird cage 24?
My concern is about the "Handle", it looks plastic in the picture ? Will it last longer or if my bird bites it?am worried if it breaks while holding ?
Does any one have the bar diameter size? We prefer 3-4 mm for our Umbrella.
Can the food and water dishes be removed and replaced from outside the cage? In other words, is there a door for each of the dishes? Thanks.
How are the doors on this cage. Do they stay open so the bird can go in and out
Is this large enough and sturdy enough to put two African Grey's in for short trips?
Does the handle come with it?
Is the bottom grill removable?
What is the weight of the collapsible bird cage 24
Would this be a good temporary cage (3-4 days) for a cockateil? He would be out of it most of the time.
ok heres my question and thank u in advance for taking time to answer it.I have been told that when u fill up the 4 trays with media is really slows down the water flow,sounds reasonable as if u pack a filter with stuff the odds are the flow woill slow...
Water in my 50gal stinks. Running 2wks sponges bottom 2 trays, ceramic rings, carbon last w/1 sponge. Res turtle 9in. Should I have media diff or ok
Is this filter compatible for 220V@50Hz line voltage?
Is there a warranty with this product?
i have a 3d background and no place for suction cups does this come with a spray bar for a return? if so can i still use it without the cups
Is there a trick to getting the UV light to come on? After I got my unit installed and running, I can't get it to work.
Could this be connected to mains (70psi) and work as a water filter and sterilizer? I had use a 36 watt UV which killed everything, until it broke.
diameter of hose? 1 inch right?
would this filter be apropreate to run in a tank with white sandy gravel? In past experience, the sand wore the impellers and made them too noisey.
has anyone ran this for salt tank
In what order do the different filters go?
Does it have a flow rate regulator?
I am getting a canister filter like this except mine is going to be the 500 one and am a first time saltwater guy,what this media stuff I read people put in this filter(seachim and purigen) what is it and where would it go,just curious as I wanna do...
Bought the canister for upto 125 gallons,in my 80 gallon tank yesterday.Shouldn't it have huge volume of air coming through spray bar? No air leaks
How is it with saltwater?
Can I use this for 100 gallon outside pond?
I just purchased one of these used and the hoses are nasty inside. How can I clean these without causing harm?
does it come with filter media?
If I have a 255 gallon tank, could i run two of these?
Does this work for turtles? and can it sit 'below' the water level (as in under the tank)
I have 2 chihuahua mix dogs, one is measured at 14" and the other is 15". Which size do you recommend buying for each one?
I have a 7 lb. chihuahua, his waist measure 10in. Should I order XS or XXS?
I have a mini daschound with a deep barrel chest. He weight 10#. Would this work for him?
I have a small boston terrier who measures 13.5 should I get the XS or the Small?
how many come in a this order?
how wide is the velcro
What is the width of the band at the target area?
I have a 12 lb male shih tzu that measures 16" under ribs and 15 1/2 at hind legs, seen that some of the reviews said there is a lot of shrinkage?
Can you tell me how wide the band it??
Probably a dumb question, but will this work for a female dog? If not, do you have an equivalent product?
How many come in the package? Is it just one?
Do these have a waterproof layer or does the outside of the band get all wet when they pee?
I have a 2-month Labrador, is that good for him?
How wide is the belt?
How many belts are included in a package?
Need a few belts for my Pom. He measures about 20 inches at the waist. What size should I order?
Do these shrink after washing/drying?
Will this product work to repel chiggers?
How often do you have to spray dog?
How big is the $21.95 bottle?
Is this for cats also?
Is it true that this product will stain the fur of white dogs?
I noticed in all the reviews the dogs are small, does this work on a larger dog?
Is this product safe to use on humans?
I need to know the brand and size of the filter bags to purchase. Also, do you get the gravel or you have to purchase your own.
Can you use this for a normal fish tank not just bettas?
the front of tank has a bow and back is straight....the divider is straight...hence when inserted there is a space..betas can go thru....fight .help
What would be a good heater for this tank? I cant seem to get my tank warm enough
Could anybody provide dimensions on this tank's footprint?
It seems like they can see each other through the barrier. Do they try to fight?
Does this come in black only? Black is what I prefer.
is this battery operated or plug in
Will the divider work without using gravel? I prefer no gravel for easy cleaning. I want this for a winter home in order to use a heater, thanks.
do you leave light on 24/7?
What is the height of the top step?
How deep are the treads?
Distance from step to step
what is the folded height? I want to know if it fits under my bed.
How tall is it?
What are actual STEP measurements-got height, rise already thanks!
Distance from step to step
I want to make sure before I pay another penny for my dog gets what is supposed to be her favorite toy that this is the larger form of the dura play
how many do you get? there seems to be some confusion on this.
how big are they...i've seen small ones and ones a little bigger...hoping for bigger!?
Are these the bacon scented ones? I'm looking for the original ones that are NOT bacon scented.
and that there are truly three in this package when it is sent out and it gets to her
Does this make squeaky noise?
Does a pit bull chew through this
I am looking for the small dura play footballs are these about 3 1/2 inches long?
Whats the Actual weight of this Cage? and Is it Suitable for Carry a Small Dog to the Vet?
Would this fit a 49 pound pitbull?
What country is it made in?
Would this size work for a golden retriever?
would this work for a rabbit????
Would this be good for a corgi?
I read somewhere that this would be big enough for a female Doberman, would it work for an adult female Doberman?
Will this be big enough for a 15" beagle?
Am I reading this correctly? Its $19.47 for the shipping on this crate? If so, why so much?
I have a Chihuahua, Pomeranian and Dockson mix. Is this cage big enough?
can the bottom carrier hold 2 pets? 6lbs and 10 lbs
I have a 10lb silky and a 7lb toy poodle. Will they fit?
Do the wheels fold under so that you can use as car seats?
Hi! Can I take the two carrier apart? If so, does the bottom carrier have the wheel feature if I take it apart?
would this product for for my wire-haired weiner dog? He only weighs about 13 pounds.
My dog is 45lbs with short hair. Would it work? The regular prongs are so long and I can tell she doesn't like when I put it on, but loves her new freedom so tolerates it.
will this adapter fit the dogtra 280 ncp platinum?
Will this adapter fit the Dogtra 1900NCP?
Would this fit the Educator ET-300TS Mini?
will this fit the Dogtra ARC collar?
Will this adapter fit SportDog collars?
why did the price go up $12 on this in the last month?
how many calories in a small can of the Natural Balance reduced calorie formula?
Hello, is this like pat&eacute;?
Is it grain-free?
how many calories in a 6 ounce can?
What are the actual dimensions of the litter area?
What type of cat litter material is compatible with this litter box ?
All the littermaid systems say they are for cats 15# or less except for the LM980. At the bottom of the page for this model there is a comparison chart of all the different systems and under the Model #LM980 it says:"The 14" x 17" is designed large...
what does the package contain besides the litter box?
Does the crystals kind of cat litter work ok with this?
What are the dimensions, inside &amp; outside?
Can this be used for kittens? We had one with adult cats and it worked great but now we are getting kittens and want to make sure that it will be OK.
How come the tray doesn't return to its initial position ? It makes loud noises and it stays stuck even if the quantity of the litter is good.
what kind of litter do you recommend?
do you need to purchase bags for this - I am sending as a gift and want the receivers of this gift to have everything they need to just open and use.
Can you select tone/stimulate? Or just one or the other? Is there more than one tone? Good/Bad?
Is both the remote and the collar rechargeable?
We have a real small dog,about 6 or 7 pounds,will this fit her ok?
I have used the PetSafe No-Bark Collar, PBC-102 on my Weim and it doesn't seem to work, is this better for dogs with a bark that isn't very deep?
I have a 8 month old Norwegian Elkhound approximately 35 pounds- is this the right collar for her?
Anyone try this on a hound? Specifically a basset hound?
Will this collar fit around the neck of an English Mastiff?
Has anyone tried this on a cat? Would it work?
How do I TEST SHOCK myself. Need to know how it feels before placing on my 5 lb ChiPin. Thanks!
What is the physical size of the "box" on the collar?
Could this fit a 5 lb Yorkshire Terrier? Specs say "8-55 lbs".
Does long coat matter?
Will this collar work on growling as well as barking? My dog growls at sounds outside and is not phased by verbal cues or a tap on the head.
can I get shocked if I'm holding my dog and she barks while wearing the collar
My trainer has said not to use above # 2 setting - can I set the collar so it does not go above that?
Is this unit smaller than the older version (PetSafe Basic Bark Collar, PBC-102)? Does it fit the throat better?
Why is the model # not listed? Which model is this?
What are the dimensions of the cage?
Does this cage have a ring on top so that it can be hung or does it have to sit on a surface?
Will this work for two sugar gliders?
Is there a stand that will work with this cage?
can this cage be used for one rat? is it big enough?
Is this big enough for a cockatiel?
what kind of plastic is the bottom, hard or soft, does it crack easily
I also have a small cockatiel who's main cage is in the livingroom. I'm looking for something smaller that I can have him in when I go outside and also to the vet. Is this cage the right size? Thanks
Would this cage be suitable for my two cockatiels? I would put two of the tent-like things in with them,plus some natural perches.
does this cage come with a grate that fits over the bottom tray?
What are the actual dimensions?
Does the cage have a hinge at the top to hang from? Is there another larger access door?
Do you think this cage would be suitable for 2 loverbirds
Is this a good size for two lovebird
Can this cage be hung and would it be suitable for 2 finches?
Is this cage big enough for two parakeets?
Do you think this cage would be suitable for 2 parakeets? Thanks :)
What size is this cage?
Would this be a suitable cage for a Green Wing Macaw?
Does anyone have this cage set up without the stand? I have a table I want to put it on and want to know how sturdy it is without the stand attached.
what is the width between the bars??
what type of perches are included? are they wooden or plastic? do they fit securely in the cage?
Would this be suitable for a budgie?
is this cage good for a congo african grey full size?
is this cage good for a congo african grey
what is the demension of the living area or the inside of this cage-thanks
Could someone possibly give me the distance from the floor to the bottom of the cage? Thank You!
Is this bird cage really 38"6 x 38"6 x 65"
Does it come with the attachments for it ? you just have the measurements listed and it doesn't say if they are included or not
what is the speed (rpm)?
Where do I get replacement blades for these?
Can someone tell me HOW to open the doors?
Since the cage manufacturer does not make additional shelves, does anyone know if other brands of shelves will fit/work in this cage?
Does anyone know if you can get additional shelves? Or wider shleves?
The maximum load that can withstand the cage?
Would a 13 pound cat fit on the shelf?
Has anyone used this cage to house their newborn kittens along with the mother? Are they able to escape or do they get their heads or paws stuck?
How easy is this to disassemble for storage?
will this work well for chinchillas?
I see the H is 52", but it's also on rollers. What is the H of the inside that the animal will have access to?
What is the dimensions of each of the door large doors?
Are doors wide enough to put i/take out a cat's litter pan,(width-height of the door opening)? Thanks.
Are the ramps/platforms wide enough for a cat? Thanks.
Is it possible to replace the caster wheels if one broke? and if so what size do i need?
What are the measurements ?
Where is the door? Will I be able to leave it open so my house rabbits can get in and out on their own?
I'm thinking of getting this for two kittens, but could you still use it for them once they become adults?
Can the bottom tray be removed and left off so the dropping fall to the ground outside? How high is the bottom of hutch from the ground?
Where are the Prevue hutches made?
Is the removable bottom tray plastic or metal? does it cover the entire length of the hutch?
What are the interior dimensions? (High point of ceiling and low point, as well as depth and width of each section)
Does the roof open, and if so, is it hinged ?
how many rabbits can fit. I took in 4 last week to rehome &amp; 2 of them had babies the next day. Advice welcome!
What is the thickness of the legs? Are they sturdy?
will there be plenty of room for 2 mini rexs
Is there a dropping tray drawer that slide out the front for easy cleaning?
Is there a ramp included with this kit? (I will be ordering also "Prevue Hendryx 461PEN Playpen, Large" so would it have the ramp?) Thx!
Would like to use this with my aqueon quiet flow 50. Have 40 gallon tank. Is there a second stage I should use?
Drinking water filter
Can anyone tell me how thick this pad is?
How do you think this will compare with the refillabl cartridges I currently use with "plain" pads and charcoal granuals?
Would it be okay to use the carbon activated pad as well as an ammonia pad as well? I have two filters so I was thinking to use 1 in each.
Can this pad be cut?
How thick is this carbon pad?
I wonder why when I use this media in salt water it cause the skimmer to over flow with too much bubble and even in fresh water ?
Should I use this product alone to filter my tank, or should I use another pad in conjunction with it?
How thick are these pads?
What are the dimensions of the box itself (without the rim)? Thanks.
size
Other boxes in this category list Microban. Do these boxes have Microban?
Can the lights be turned off for night time while still keeping the bubbles going?
Why does my tubing fill up with water? Could this light be defective?
Does it come with some tubing or is it only the light?
is the color constantly changing ? mine seems only changing when power on , then stay at different color, not change anymore
Is there anyway to hook up several lights together so you want have as much tubing? Or does each light require its own tubing and air pump?
Can you tell me the width and length of these replacements please. Thank you
I would like to know the size?
WHAT 's the SIZE?
What size did you order for your cat? My cat is about 10 pounds and he is a Houdini as well!
My cat, whose name is Houdini, is only about 5 lbs with a 7-8" neck. Will this collar fit properly? I don't want to get one too big.
What size neck will this fit?
is this product ideal for cats also?
I filled it up and no leakage whilst my dog was drinking. I have now refilled it (second time) and when she drinks it makes a pool of water???
Does this have a "valve" or "ball bearing" in the nozzle for drinking?
Up to what size dog will this adequately hydrate? Numbers please.
Will this work for large dogs?I have a French Mastiff. Also, do the dogs easily understand to drink out of the bottle? How does it work?
How often do you clean your bottle?
can this be mounted to the Iris dog pen?
can this be mounted in a dog pen?
How is it be installed ina a dog pen ?
does this mount inside our outside the cage?
Dimensions?
What are the dimensions? I don't see them listed anywhere. Thanks!
How wide and how long are these?
Is this appropriate for a 30 gallon tank and is it easy to assemble? I'm inexperienced and have never had an aquarium. I also have a 5 gallon.
can they be turned off to be used only at night?
i have a 20G tank with a 30G pump. is this enough to power this?
Does the transformer come in with the package?
Will these lights function properly if placed at the top of the fish tank? Will they shine down into the tank and bubbles as well? How to do it?
is this need battery?
will this light fit on a tank that is 12 inches wide?
So...will this work with a timer?
I have a ten gallon tank, is this the one that fits in the hood?
how would this work with live plants ?
My power cord quite working, any ideas on replacing it besides buying a new kit?
Where is the power button (white light and blue light ) located? On the unit or on the power cord?
Over the past several months, the LED's have been going out and most are gone - what's the process to replace the unit?
Will this work with the Aquarius 5 gallon Aquarium Kit (under the hood)? http://www.amazon.com/Aquarius-Aq1500...
Will this fit perfectly to my Marineland 29 gallon tank? Cause the old one starts his end and im looking for replacement!
I want addtional lighting on my fluval spec 3. Can I sit this on the plastic top that comes with the spec 3 or is it too hot?
I can't tell the difference between Aran 1 and Aran 2 models. What am I missing? Is it just that Aran 2 is three inches longer and an inch or so wider &amp; taller? Are there feature differences?
Hello, do the side clips allow for easy separation of the top and bottom halves of the carrier?
Are there slots for this carrier be secured with seat belt?
Does this carrier shown open from the top?
Is this really worth the $20 this costs more over the Petmate 2 door Kennel?
will this fit two ten pound cats?
Hi. This just arrived. How do you open the top door?
I want to use for my yorkipoo. 7 lbs 10 in tall. I don't see any dimensions. what version do I want
I noticed on the dogtra website that this is only for small to medium size dogs. My dog is 96lbs bundle of joy and growing! Will this work for us?
What type of battery does it need? And how many?
Is this collar too large for a Shi-tzu?
Has anyone used this collar to stop a dog from barking? And if so, does the transmitter work through a window?
Can some please give me the dimensions of the receiver without the strap of course. Thanks!
will this work on my 1 year old husky? im worried about the long hair
Hello, I have a small 5 to 6 lb Maltese. Will this collar fit him? Thank you
How many seconds or how long is the vibration?
how do i pair a new remote to the collar
I have a 2 year old husky who has a mind of his own. Is this collar effective with this breed?
I am also wondering when this will be available? Or if there is another site that sells this product?
I live in Texas and worry that the water in the hose would be too hot for them when they start drinking....any problems with that?
I have neighbor cats that visit my backyard. Do you think they could learn how to use this product?
Does your water faucet have to always be turned on to use this?
How do I get the stream of water to be a stream? It comes out as a spray (like a garden nozzle). I adjusted the screw in half turns to no avail.
Does this come with a hose? If so, how long is it?
Hi, the device was working correctly 3 weeks but suddenly the exit valve is not working anymore. Please give some email to get support.
can a toy poodle operate this or is it designed just for large dogs?
Where can I purchase this now?
What is the hose length?
These look like slide up doors, but can't tell for sure. Do they swing our or slide up &amp; down?
does the grate pull out from the bottom for cleaning, or do you have to unhook the plastic bottom from the cage to get it out?
Can an indian ringneck live in this cage??
How do you clean the grates if they are not removable?????
Can multiple ones be stacked safely?
would this cage work.for syrain hamsters as well?
Is this big enough for 4 parakeets?
Is the cage large enough for 2 finches?
Can this cage be easily folded flat for storage when not in use?
How do you clean the immovable grates w/out putting your hand in the cage or removing the birds?
Can this cage be used with a hanging perch?
Is this a good cage for a parakeet? Or even a pair of parakeets?
What type of metal is this cage made of?
I want to use this in a three sided way, mounted to house, around the dog door. anyone do that? what did you use to mount? I have stucco.
Is it easy to move around once it has been assembled?
Can cats go through pet door at the bottom of the door from the house to the patio and be enclosed in this pen, including metal top enclosure?
instructions
Does the roof hinge open?
I want to make sure that this playpen has the little doors on the side on the last panels and not on the middle panels with a silver chain.
Are the two little doors on the last panel and not the middle panelThere are 3 panels and I need the enclosure that has the little door on the side to
How tall is it?
Can this fold up for storage or does it stay together permanently?
What is the bar spacing?
Can I get just the tarp? I love this product, but the tarp ripped?
Could this be used for cats?
I can't figure out how to attach the panels-some have vertical loops instead of horizontal loops, so how do you put the stakes through them??
What is the bar spacing?
Does this product come with pegs for more stability outdoors
how exactly do you connect the pannels so my rabbit doesn't get out again?..i'm about to go to zip-ties...
Does it cause dust?
what chemicals are in this product. Also I don't want a perfume scented .
Does anyone use this with the Breeze litter?
Just to be clear, this is for eight, 20oz cans?
Is this a spray or a powder? If powder, is it a packet that has to be used all at once (eight of these) or what?
Can these PhosBan reactors also run with SeaChem Matrix? Looking for a way to use Matrix most effectively. A reactor or a canister filter?
What is the deminsion?
If there is no pump with unit what pump do you guys recommend?
Does this unit come with a pump?
I bought a 60gallon tank.. will this 250W heater over heat my tank ??
I have 120 gallons tank which heater I should get? Can the heater place horizental in the tank? Thanks.
I bought a 55g tank, Should I get 250W or 200W? do you guys think 250W will heat too much?thanks in advance.
What are the voltage of this item? 110V or 220V ?
What size heater for a 36 gallon tank
In the product details it says this neater is 23" long. I know it's not but how long is it? I am putting it in a sump
I have 120 gallons tank which heater I should get? Can the heater place horizental in the tank? Thanks.
I have a 75 gallons hexagonal aquarium which size heater should I purchas?
110v
What are the voltage of this item? 110V or 220V ?
Do you think this would be okay as lighting for my 1 gallon betta tank? Also is there an on and off switch?
I want to put this in a very small pond outside...only about 25 gal (round). Will this provide enough light?
What is the length of the submersible portion of the power cord?
Is this battery operated? If so, does it come with battery?
Is the the white color really white? It says green in the cart during check-out.
Is this the light that snaps to the top of the H2Show Bubble Maker? It shows one in my directions but doesn't say which one fits it.
Does this change from a solid green to solid blue to solid red or do all 3 colors show at once?
Do you keep this on all the time or only for a couple of hours? And should I turn it off at night so it won't bother the fish? Lol
would this work in a 200 gallon tank? would the cord be long enough to go all the way down to the bottom?
how long does it last if we we always leave it on?
Is this a bubbler too, or just a spotlight? Does it need it's own pump to operate?
is it battery powered
How do you attach this to the bubble maker? It won't fit, the pin is too big for the top or the base. It'll break trying to force it.
Can anyone tell me how they fit a grocery bag onto the scoop? How does it stay in place?
is there a similar product only in metal
exactly how tall are the handles on both parts? I am 6'3". from the ground to my hip is 3'10"
Is this good for small dog droppings? Our dogs 4 to 7 lbs.
What if you used super glue on all the joints when first assembled? Is it the threads that give way or is the screw in too small and easily broken?
Does this pump air as well? such as moving the flow of the water and create bubble (oxygen) for the fish?
Which mode is best for a 55 gallon tank?
Does it include the conversion kit in this deal or is it just for the pump?
How well does this work for a sump return pump with 3 foot return length, 75 gal display and 20 gal sump? Thanks in advance!
Does this item work with a wave controller that turns power on and off?
Will there be any power issue if this product is being used in Singapore with power rating of 220~240V on British BS-1363. Thanks.
Anyone used the 295 to replace the stock JBJ 28g return pumps?
Does this offer of a "6 pack" mean 6 boxes of 16 oz each?
Is it made it China?
Is this product salt free?
What is Natural Flavor?
The picture shows 2 in a pack. Times 4 pack that would be 8 rolls - is that correct?
Is it for large dogs only? I have 2 Beagles &amp; 2 Black Labs 2"-5 would be the size How many inches are the bones
What is the stuff in the middle?
I need something like this for my older lab to get into my SUV. How much space does it take up?
Will these steps be good for my Corgi?
How much does this weigh?
how does it fold up?
Would this work for dogs getting into the back seat of a small SUV?
How much weight will this step hold? Looking for around 250 pounds.
Hi - How high does the three step/ramp actually go? We have two older small dogs and a fairly high bed - is it tall enough for that fairly high bed? Are those dimensions correct - only 19" high? THANKS B
I have two small Yorkies, 5 &amp; 6 lbs. My bed is 30" high. How high is the top step?
I noticed that the first picture here shows the wood being a lighter wood color but in the second picture it looks darker. Which is it? Dark or light?
I've seen a couple of comments that the ramp is too steep. Has anyone used this exclusively as a ramp? if so is it steep?
Do I need to buy a separate equipment (such as an air pump, tube) in order to use this?
do you have the option to have the lights off but the bubbles runnin?
Will it work for a 40 gallon tank?
Is just one of these bubble makers enough for a 55 gal. tank?
is this ok for a 10 gallon tank?
How many watts for this?
Will this device work as a CO2 difusser?
Where do i need to go to buy light kit .
I want to use this item in a bare bottom turtle tank. Is the bottom of this unit se like a suction cup or must I weight it down?
Can I use this in a tank with Sand?
One reviewer said it's squishy and another said it's hard. Which is it please?
What size is this ball?
is this a HARD ball, I had one similar and cannot find another one. I need a very hard ball for my shepard
I need advice on some good shears (not electric) to groom my Newfie. My groomer recommended the Andis brand, in shears don't see that on Amazon.
Do these shears have a warranty? I have tried to adjust the screw but after 4 months of home use the scissor blades are separating.
HOW MANY TOOTH?
Is this brand unprocessed?
What is this used for? Is it for there coat or skin irritations?
Anyone know approx how much to give a 8 pound yorkie? Thank you!
What country is this product manufactured in?
How is this product CocoTherapy Organic Virgin Coconut Oil different from the Trader Joe's Organic Virgin Coconut Oil?
Is this product hexane free?
Would it work on an 11lb. pomeranian?
Would it fit a four pound papillon?
how long is the collar?
With what type of warranty does this collar come?
What is length of the collar. How large of a neck can it accommodate?
What is the size of adjustment on the collar. How small will it go down to?
Is this too much for a 9 pound dog?
I have a Labrador who weighs approx 65 lbs. Would this house have a good space for her ? Which size should I buy ?
who's has this as large dog house and it has sat outside in the weather for more than a few months that is able to tell me how its now performing?
Is the roof waterproof?
For added protection from rain, etc. what would you recommend...polyurethane, linseed oil or what? Thanks!
Internal Dimensions of Large dog house not mentioned... Anyone know?
Does this house have any ventilation? I am concerned about airflow during Texas summers.
How is length?
is the large size perfect for extra large dog like rottweiler?
I am considering the large version of this...but reviews are mixed (and old). Anyone purchased this recently for a mid sized dog? Is it good quality?
Does the Ware Manufacturing Vinyl Premium Plus A-Frame Door Flap work for this house?
Will this work on a Penn Plax Cascade 1000 canister filter intake?
Will this product fit onto a 1 inch standpipe?
I have got guppies in my tank and am wondering if this will help stop them from getting stuck to the filter unit and dying?
How does this compare to a tetra 19017?
will these fit on my aqua clear 50?
Will this fit fluval 206 inlet?
Will this work on the Top Fin Power Filter 10?
Are these Fluval Edge Pre Filter Sponges made by Fluval (OEM) or are they aftermarket replacement parts made by another company ?
Any suggestions on how to prevent the filter getting squeezed around the intake and cutting off flow?
will this help prevent sand to come inside the filter?
Can this be used on a porch to keep dog from running in house when door is opened?
If I fold this to make it fit where needed, will it alarm? I plan on putting this in my Crib to train my cats to stay out of it
what exactly does the mat do?
does the mat plug in or use batteries ? if so what size ?
will this work to keep dogs off carpet when attempting to leave a tile or hardwood floor?
I'm trying to keep my cat from spraying in the bathtub. Is this water-resistant?
where is the sound
Does anyone know how this mat compares to the sofa scam mat? I love that one and need another but this is $10 cheaper...
What sound exactly does it make and how loud?
What is the size of this mat?
Is it possible to just order a replacement arm portion? The bungie attached to the harness clasp broke.
has anyone used this with a regular trike?
Can this be mounted on a bike with gears? Such as a 10 speed mountain bike?
Does the bar swing around so the dog can go on either side of the bike when he wants to? Is there a way to "fix" it so it doesn't swing?
Could this handle a 110lbs mastif?
Anyone have luck using this with a 14 lbs dog?
Siberian huskie compatable?
has anyone installed this with Rear hand brakes? I am not experiance is that what Disk brakes are?
Can you take off the bar where the leash is? So it wouldn't awkwardly stick out if you needed to ride your bike without the dog?
has anyone used this with a recumbent trike?
When will it be expired? I mean what is the date the product should be used before?
how much glucosamine, sulfate,etc?
What other ingredients are in this product? Specifically are there meat by-products that make them flavored?
I am interested in cosequin for my older dog, I would like to know the strength and ingredient list. Thanks for your input.
what is the bowl/feeding height?
Hi. When you remove the bowls is the underneath enclosed with plastic or a hole??....making it easier to clean and does not gather dirty and food
is there are slow bowl that would fit inside the bowl that comes with this stand or another bowl that would fit into the hole?
what is the high
Can anyone tell me the diameter and depth, in inches, of the bowl that comes in the XL feeder? I see they are 2.75 qt (11 cups).
I just bougth 2 sets and love them however can I buy additional bowls seperatly?
Are the bowls round-bottomed or flat-bottomed?
What color is this?
How big are the bowls? How much food/water do they hold. I am a parent of a Mastiff.
what is the bowl capacity?
What are you SKUs for recommended replacement filters for this unit?
How much waste water does it create for one gallon of water?
Will it remove all contaminents such as Calcium, Magnesium , Sodium and Potassium for Laboratory use?
Is there a bypass for the di filter so you can use this for drinking water?
does this unit hook up to a faucet or do you have to do plumbing work
I am thinking of buying a unit, but what type of filter does the unit uses? How has it performed since you purchased the unit? Thx
hi where can i get a new bulb for this unit please ?
is this a stand alone unit (ie can i just put the hoses into the water and it will operate) or do I need to connect it to the pond pump?
Please advise the voltage for this product /I need to order this item but in 220v to 240 v
is this submersible?
Laguna 28w uv lamp or1676
What is the purpose of a skimmer and do all ponds need one?
So the pump goes inside the skimmer then the hose goes to the waterfall. Is the skimmer placed on a shelf in the pond at water level?
Does this item have a drain valve to discharge dirty water when you clean the media? If not how is this accomplished?
Does this have an inlet for bottom drains? If so 3" or 4"?
Can you use a bottom drain with this?
What model number is this laguna skimmer?
How do you winterize this? Will it freeze and crack in the cold NJ winters?
Would I be able to use my laguna 2900 pump with this? This pump does my waterfall and two spitters also.
how big is the door?
Hello, I have a 55 gallon long aquarium. Which stand to I get?
What's the length and height of this stand?
Is anyone worried about their 30 gallon tank tank tipping over on this?
Is this stand strong enough to hold a ten gallon tank on top and a high 18 gallon tank (10X20 footprint) on the bottom?
How do you choose what size to get? There's no size options.. I have a 30 gallon and I need a stand. What will hold mine?
can this Stand hold two 10 gallon aquarium
Does this get top heavy with a tank on it? I'm a little worried about toddler grand-children pulling themselves up on it and tipping it over.
How high is it?
What size of tank does this stand support?
does any one know the size of the top (side to side), my tank is 12x24, thanks
Is this drinking fountain BPA free?
How far are you supposed to fill it up?
Will dogs use it particularly a 65lb. dog?
what type of water pump for replacement?
Should the water actually shoot up a couple of inches like a fountain? Or just bubble up? Also filter seems to float, is that right?
does the water dispense evenly around the dome, or does it leave one side dry? i had the dogit but sent it back for that reason
Where do you get the filters
Will cats that only drink out of a running faucet drink from this?
is it quiet?
does this fountain come with the recurlating pump? and also do you have a matching food despenser or bowl?
I want to know the expiration date of this product as several dates are provided on different answers and didn't know the current answer? Thanks
Hi there, i would like to buy 3 Triflex. what is the expiration date?
WHAT IS EXPIRES DATE ? THANKS
Could you tell me if I buy GNC TriFlex&trade; Fast-Acting 240 cap lets, what is expires date?
Could you tell me if I buy GNC TriFlex&#153; Fast-Acting 240 cap lets, what is expires date?
How can I find out the expiration dates of products I want to purchase from Amazon such as GNC Triflex Fast Acting Caplets, 240 count for $47.00;
Can you tell me the expiration date please?
Expiration date if i buy it on september 2013?
Hello, I want to know the expiration date of this product.
pill size?
What is the expiration date of this product? I am planning to get 5 of these. I would like to get those with the best expiration date. Thanks.
Can you provide the expiry date or Use Before Date?
Where does it say the expiration date? I don't see any months or days.
When is the expiry date?
Is it for vegans?
Please!! There are two answers to the expiration date of this product. Which one correct?
What is the expiration date of this product
There are some comments mentioned the seal was broken. Did anyone get the same problem?
gnc total lean shake
From the instructions, it looks like there should be a pad that goes inside to line the bottom. Should I have gotten one with my box?
can this seat be installed in the back seat/
Are there installation instructions. I see none with mine and I can't figure it out from the picture.
i don't have a separated head rest just a solid seat will this still work?
Do you think a small female pug at about 19 pounds would be able to lay down when tried from seating up.
There are two different dimensions listed. The Product details or the dimensions in the listing itself?
Can the dogs see out the window; maybe stick head out window safely?
hello ,I wou;d like to know what the material is of the box itself.Thank you
How wide is this seat can it fit on middle console
How do you keep your dog in the seat?
where/how can i get second collar? bought with one collar, now 2 dogs. control has 1/2 option so hoping to buy just collar at program it to controlle
Those it work thoru the wall of the house, what range that have.
How heavy is it? I have a 12 pound dog
i lost the hand held control. does anyone know where to get just that?
after you replace batteries how do you reprogram collar?
what size dog is this for?
Is there an invisible fence? How does it work?
we are interesting in these collar but what is the cards for?
Does the bag fold flat? Like if I have to put it into a suitcase, would it be flat?
Will this carrier fit under the seat on an airplane?
what are the dimensions?
Is it easy to clean?
Easy cleaning?
Easy cleaning?
Do these work on the cat it senses fountain?
Is white side UP and black side DOWN the correct way to install this filter?
Would this product be a sufficient replacement for the "Catit Design Senses Fountain with Water Softening Cartridge"?
Is this just for small cats? i have read some reviews and people are saying its great for their kittens. i have a 10 pound cat, would it hold her?
How are the cats supposed to get from the 2nd level to the third level? Are they just supposed to jump straight from the ground to third lvl (condo)?
What are the dimensions?
What are the dimensions of the perches?
Is this just for small cats? i have read some reviews and people are saying its great for their kittens. i have a 10 pound cat, would it hold her?
what are the dimensions of this structure
Are the right and left posts reversible? Does the lower perch overhang the base? If so, what are the overall dimensions including perch?
Is this product solid beige?
What size are the kibbles?
Is the salmon meal in the product from wild or farm raised salmon?
Is the shipping cost added to the order. This is far more expensive than I bought elsewhere online?
Why has the price gone up from $31 in November, 2013 to $66 now in March, 2014?
Can I use it for the water I use to water my plants? My plants don't do well with my tap water. Thanks :-)
What's the difference between the tap water conditioner, the stress coat conditoner &amp; the stress zyme. I'm confused, do I need all three for my biorb?
I have had this product for about 2 weeks. In the past few days it began to smell reallly bad. It smells like old faithful. Does anyone elses smell?
Will this remove mineral nutrients needed by live plants and beneficial bacteria in the aquarium? Thanks!
I added this conditioner to the tab water, per the ratio suggested, after about one day, the water always get cloudy. Anybody has similiar experience?
When i put the water conditioner in, do i need to stir it or just let it sit?
How does this treat almost 9,500 gal of water? I really want a technical answer.
what is this made of? Potassium metabisulfite? For one gallon of water to wash out a chlorinated swim suit about a few drops?
How many mL per gallon is recommended, as per the bottle's directions?
So can I use this to remove chlorine from the tap water and then make salt water with instant ocean sea salt for a reef tank?
Does it work on hedgehogs?
how well will it clean my piggies
What are the ingredients?
Can I use this product on my cat?
is this cruelty free?
My rabbit is going to be shown for fur and has a rex fur will this be ok for his fur?
Does this work on rats? :)
What is the active ingredient? How much is there of the ingredient?
Did your bottle of excel round worm wormer have a little paper or foil cover under the cap?
Will this treat any type of worms? Or just roundworms?
What is the active ingredient? How much is there of the ingredient?
Do you mix it with their water, sprinkle on food or what?
Would this work with a 12 gallon nanocube? I currently have a rio+ 50 in there but it keeps locking up :(
Does the power cord have a standard 3 wire grounded wall plug?
will this pump, pump water threw five feet of 3/4 in. pipe and back?
Is it quiet? Will I be able to sleep with the noise?
How long is the power cable?
what size is the outlet?
Can this pump be run on an inline system?
Does the part that pushes the food down slide easily or is it a stop and start movement?
Is this etched or ink markings? With oil do the markings rub off?
What is the diminsions of the syringe where the plunger fits? Thanks!
I have a fully grown slender yellow lab. Should I order a medium or large?
my cockers are 30 lbs . what is the best size
Do you ship priority mail? What state is it coming from?
I'm bringing home a dog from rescue who weights 35 pounds and is a lhasa apso/poodle and I don't know whether to get small or medium.
have a shiba inu about 26 lbs what size would i get
Can I used this with a Fluval 405 filter instead of pumps on a 50g freshwater tank. Temp is 84F, want it to be about 77F. If so what adapters do I need?
I'm interested in the immediate cooling capacity of this chiller. If i run 100F-110F degree water into the chiller, will the output temp be 60F-70F?
What is the low temperature one can obtain?
what is the lowest temp. setting on display. Will it cool 75 gallons in a room 78 F down to 65 F
Does chiller have timers
what is the recommend gph onthe 1/10hp pump wise
We need to chill a 55 gallon tank down to 47 degrees. Will this chiller do the job?
I have a very small tank, 1.5 gal, but I need to keep it at 72 degrees in an ambient temp of 110F. What would you recommend?
What are the dimensions of the remote sensor? My dog already has a sensor on her collar for the electronic dog door.
does the wire have to be buried?
do i need to buy batterys for shock collar or is there a charger and does one end of wire go in positive side run along fence put other end in negative side
Does this include the transmitter, beeper and shocking collar? The title says collar. Do you price match? I saw it at store.123greetings.com for$330.
Does the control have a tone position, continous and monemtary?
What about the chargers? Does it come with this kit?
The photo shows a beeper model that's different than the beeper in the Tri-Tronics catalog. Which beeper is included with this model?
How long can you leave this on the dog? Can it stay on for a week or more?
Does this one have prongs that stick out of the box and into the dogs neck?
How do I recharge the battery? Or do I just replace the battery? And if so, what kind?
is the charger included?
My girlfriend has a dog weighing around 100lbs, maybe a little less, will this collar work for him?
Is this collar rechargeable
Will a bark collar help with whining? I have a Husky and he whines and whines and whines, quite annoying actually. Almost like a high pitch bark.
we have two dogs, would both go off if one barks and the other is quiet?
is it waterproof
will this collar fit a min pin ( very small )
How easy is this to clean? I've tried 5 other types of fountains and all of them were a trial to clean.
The product description is problematic. It says here that the reservoir increased the water capacity by 1 oz.
will this work overseas with 220v?
is this dishwater safe
will this work for my older cat that is having trouble getting into the litterbox? Does the pad last a whole day? I've never used any of this. thanks.
My male dogs stands on the tray but aims at the curb. Overspray hits the floor and wicks under the tray. Any solutions?
What is the measurement of the tray's area? what's the "green" mean in this product title??
what color is the tray?
Is the printing on the holder a sticker that will come off or is it permanent?
If the pads are 22x23, should I get a regular or large pad holder?
I am needing a training pad holder to hold wee wee pad UNDER a cat's litter box. She is 18 years old with arthritis. The litterbox measures 14 x 18
Will this Pad holder fit in a potty training kennel &amp; can I replace the existing kennel 'tray' with this one so my yorkie doesn't keep moving the pad?
I have an elderly cat who only pees on pee pads.. has anyone used this tray with a cat? I am tired of the run off and cleaning the floor.
Will the REGULAR sized Iris Training Pad Holder hold 17x24 pads?
How tall is just the bottom piece?
Without a door, does it tend to smell more?
what is the size/dimensions of this
How difficult is it to remove the top for cleaning?
Do larger cats tend to like it?
what are the dimensions?
can you buy liners to fit this box?
What kind of liners do you use this this and where can you get them?
(21*24*21) What is the length, width and height?
Can this be used for a teacup puppy?
does anyone know what the measurement is from the floor to the center of the opening? I'm looking for something lower for my older kitty who's starting to lose mobility in her back end, but at the same time is high enough to accommodate her preference...
Is it actually 17x19x25?Picture makes it look longer than it is wide and I want to verify this before I purchase. Is it actually 19in wide? Thank you
How high are the side walls without the hood on?
Will a kitten be able to use this? I am worried the opening will be too high up.
Would this be large enough for a 25ish lbs cat to turn around in? He is 11 years old and somewhat large (height/length) on top of being very heavy.
My cat sometimes pees over the edge of the doorway of his litterbox. Does the opening on the bottom half of this box stick out like a little ramp?
how long is this box please?
Read that hinges allow for males (who side pee) urine to leak down sides ..has this been corrected has anyone else had this issue&gt;?
can this fit in a corner ?
can this fit in a corner ?
Does anyone know if this one is the same size the SmartCat Corner LItterbox Gray listed on Amazon for $15-something? Bigger? Smaller? litter fill line
my cat is big is this big enough for him
how sturdy is the plastic this is made of
How do the dimensions work since its an odd shaped box?
I have a semi-squatter/box-lid seam pee-er/entrance pee-er - would this box be high enough and encourage him to turn around to help with issues?
Will litter box liners work/fit in this corner pan?
Could anyone tell me what the INSIDE dimensions of the box are without that curved entrance. Also, how high is that curved entrance from the floor?
Is the (P-5913 without the hood) the same exact size as the P-5915 with the hood?
Is the Litter box - (P5913 without the hood) the same size as the P5915 with the hood ?)
Got this litter pan Kitty likes it but I would like it better with a lid. Can you buy a hood for this separately?
The description says the box has a low front entry. How high off the floor is the entrance to the litter box?
What are the dimensions of this box? I can't tell from the description exactly what is the width, length &amp; height &amp; need to know exactly. Thanks
can litter box liners be used with this item?
Do I get six litter pans for this price?
What are the dimensions ?
Is this product really $72,90?
will these freeze?
I can't get my chickens to use them, any ideas?
What is the minimum size pvc pipe which can be used with these?
what size pipe do they screw into? Or do they screw into nothing appropriate and thus I need thread tape?
Can these be mounted at a 45 degree angle or do they need to be vertical.
Can these be installed in PVC that has pressurized water, like a sprinkler system?
My 3 weeks old chicks figured out how to get water from the nipple but there is a lot of spilled water after they drink. Is that normal?
How much flow ? Is is one drop per peck? That is what I had and they seemed fine. Or should it be more of a flow with drips on ground?
any way to get more flow? I have 10 of these and my only problem is they dont put out much water
My chickens finally started using them, but I fear they can't get enough water. Will they get enough water? Seems like it is a very small amount that comes out
what is the warranty period for this collar? If it stops beeping can it be repaired?
how do I change batteries in the Simpleleash?
Two dogs that pull do you need to separate ones or do you trade it out. How does it work with the beeping does one dog here it and then stop ?
I need around 18.5". Which do I buy, large or medium?
Is it cheaply made?
are there cut outs for seat belts?
what's the function of the zippered bottom?
Will this work if I dont have headrests in the back seat?
Can you please list the active ingredients and quantities? Thanks in advance. The image is not clear enough for me to read the label.
my dog has many allergies, could you list all ingredients?
Are these made in China? USA? or somewhere else?
when is the expiration date?
i have been using Dasuquin with MSM...how does this product compare
These are triple strength, but yet the label says to give more of these than the REGULAR strength? Is this a label misprint? I usually buy the reg.
How soft are these? Like if you press them with your fingers do they break under the pressure? Our baby doesn't have many teeth that's why I'm asking!
My dog weighs about 90lbs and is supposed to get 4 per day. Is it better for him to get them all at once, or should I give him 2 chews 2x per day?
Has anyone else noticed their dogs having horrible gas from these? I mean like rotten egg gas?
This is 7 inches off the ground correct? Has anyone experienced problems with wandering dogs scaring their rabbits?
would the rabbits chew on the wood inside? has that ever happened to you?
is there a pan underneath the grate for cleaning?
could this be used indoors?
It says 'one size fits all'. I haven't found that to be true; all mitts in stores are far too large. Has anyone with a small hand used this?
How do you clean? I threw away the packing materials before I read about how to clean it! Love the product, my only request would be make a left hand
Does it work good with rabbit fur?
Will this help my 2 large sloppy-drinking shepherds from leaving a river in my kitchen whenever they take a drink?
Is the pump flow adjustable?
How tall is this fountain?
Is this product made of BPA Free plastic?
how much water does it hold?
is the pump under the blue dome? how does the wire enter the water bowl?
Can this be used outdoors as well?
Does this fountain also keep the water cooled?
Is it dishwasher safe?
what is is made out of?
I live near a busy street, will the traffic set it off? Sometimes trucks go by causing a bit of ruckus, I don't want to antagonize the dogs.
My dog is pretty mellow, but the neighbor's dogs are outside barking all the time. Will it hurt my dog if he's outside when the neighbor dogs bark?
Can't get this thing to work. Shows the timers on but it does nothing!
Can this be used indoors?
Will this bother cats too?
Is this battery operated only, or can you use a power adapter with it?
Does this device work through brick walls as that is what it would need to work through, or do you have to put it in a tree.
do you have to reset the timere every time
Does it buzz when a dog barks?
What's the difference between this "deluxe" outdoor one and the the other outdoor one?
What is the surface made of and will it support a 60-75 lb. dog?
How is this extender supported? Is it just the strap that goes around the headrest ... nothing underneath? I have a Buick Enclave. The 2nd row has two captain's seats with a space in between. The seat backs will fold flat. Would it work with one or...
Is it possible not to put up the center part (the piece with the cup holder) as it will block the AC blowing to the center back?
My Prius from the back of the front seat to the back of the bench seat is 28". This says the measurements are 34 x 51". Will this fit my Prius?
I NEED the center access to the front seat blocked for my Aussie.. How does the center piece attach and is it secure to a pushy dog?
Since the extender wraps around the front seats (and the head rest), can you feel the straps when you are sitting in the driver's seat?
Will this work in a minivan with bucket seats?
can this be used for only one side of the backseat while having a chid use the other side of the backseat?
what is the maximum weight that support
what is the maximum weight support
do you have anything similar (powder coated with white bowls) but lower than 8.5 high?
The title says, "Two 54 Ounce Rimmed Bowls, White;" the list below says "Two separate 64 Ounce bowls" and in the Q &amp; A, it says 32oz. Which is it?
What is the measurement of the opening for the bowls? Thank you!
Are these bowls 64 or 32 ounces each? The reviews make it sound like each bowl is 32 ounces but the description clearly states otherwise. Thanks.
Height: How tall is stand?
Can you please print the ingredient list?
Is this grain free?
is the can bpa free?
how much water will be evaporate with this cover
Can the cover handle extreme heat from 150 watt bulbs?
My Aquarium is exactly 18" x 72" outer edges... will this fit on the inside edges or does it wrap around the outer edges if so by how much? I got .25"
what about rust resistance ? like air stones and hanging filter makes water splatter on the cover....
The picture makes the hinged section look off-center. Can you confirm this?
tank size? THe post seems contridictory - tank size 18X36 or 18X72?
Will a 35lb beagle fit in it?
is it the right size for my medium size yellow lab
Is the interior cushion reversible? I'm looking for one that is cloth for coolness on one side and a warmer material on the other side.
will a 40 lb hound dog fit this bed
what is the size of this bed that they show
Will two 15 lb cats fit in this?
will it fit my german shepherd mix?
Is it washable?
sizes it coms in
what is the length
How well does it work to contain the smell of the pet food?
We are looking for a pet food container that our 3 year old and 1.5 year old can't get into. Do you think they could figure out the handle? Thanks.
Has anyone used this as a trash can?
Do you think I could fit a 24lb bag of food in the bag into this container?
Is the lock complicated enough to keep raccoons out?
What is the capacity of the scoop?
Does the actual dog food bag fit inside the storage can without having to dump it in? If yes, what size can fit what lb. size of dog food? Thanks!
I want to use this for chicken feed outdoors. The stainless would last just fine, but are there other parts that might get damage in sun &amp; rain?
What are the dimensions of the can?
Would this work for bird seed stored in the garage?
Do these fit small catfood cans?
do any of them fit regular soda cans??
do they fit on campbell's soup cans?
will it fit a can 2 7/8 to appr. 3" (corn bf hash can)?
Do they fit a evaporated milk can?
Where can I get a similar top for soup cans? Does this company make them?
Are they dishwasher safe?
Will these fit a 4" diameter tin can (like a coffee can)?
do i need small or medium ? for a 15 oz of delmonte sweet peas?? which is the exact size of my 12.5oz blue freedom chicken dog food ?
What will fit a 46oz Red Gold Tomato Juice can?
Why is it not able to ship to my London address when it appears on Amazon's UK website?
The photo shows 3 steps, however, the description title says 4 steps. Can you please verify that this item is the 4 step model?
how tall is this
are these steps suitable for a 90 lb lab dog
What is ir constructed with
I have a three stepp that is 12 years old. It is a plactic snap together frame work covered by the cover shown in the picture. Is this same product?
what size dog should use the 4 step
I have the 3 steps and i am looking for where i can order the 4th step can anyone help with that
What is the depth of each stair landing? thanks
How tall are the steps? The picture shows 3 steps, not 4. Which is it?
How large is the cat cave L x W x H please? Would a large cat fit in it? How large is the opening into it?
What are the dimensions of the top platform? It looks tiny.
Is the tree made from particle board?
How far (inches) is the house from the floor?
What is the color? Brown or Black?
What are the dimensions of the base?
Can a cat on the second level see out the window while lying down or is the top level the only comfortable viewing platform?
What is the diameter of the hole in the central boxy area that has the cat sticking its head through?
Can I get the dimensions of each level along with heights? How tall is the entire tree from the floor?
My Jack Russell is about 23lbs. Would a medium fit him?
where is the sizing information? what size dog do these fit?
I have a 17-lb JRT mix, would a size Medium fit him? Is it difficult to put them on the dog?
Hi, I am trying to order a nice sweater for my yorkie who weighs 6 pounds. Which size will fit her comfortbaly. Is it the medium or small. Thanks for
Do these have the straps that wrap around the rear legs? I can't see the hind end.
I can't see the tail end. Can they pee and poop with this on?
Hi, I am trying to order a nice sweater for my yorkie who weighs 6 pounds. Which size will fit her comfortbaly. Is it the medium or small. Thanks for
I have. 5 lb dog, which size should I order?
does the pajama just fit over head or are there lots of snaps or buttons?
what size are the pajamas
I have a standard size chi A a little on the heavy side. What size should I get
Why is the item called "Bayer K9 Advantix II Flea and Tick Control Treatment for Cats"? The Bayer K9 is, of course, for dogs.
Is this 6 month supply a 6 pack of tubes?
Does this kill ticks? If not, what do people recommend for ticks?
When using this medicine, do I also need to flea bomb or spray the apartment ? Or will the medicine kill all fleas in the apartment, as well?
Does this product also kill ear mites?
Does this product work on lice? I've finally gotten rid of the fleas in the house, but the lice remain! Shampoos don't kill them at all.
You have a photo describing it as Advantage II, but the title calls it Advantix II. Which is it? Thanks!
Only one of my cats is a fatty (over 9 lbs). My other two aren't. Can I just use a partial tube on the others? Or something
What is the difference between AdvantageII and Frontline for Cats? We're arguing the point!
Please list the active ingredients and their % by weight for this packaging. The box is different from what I have.
I've used the advantage 100 on my small dogs by breaking it down to 0.4ml.Just got advantage II for extra large dogs can this be used same way?
Does this kill ticks as well?
Has anyone still seen fleas after using this product. It has been on her for three days and I am seeing a small amount of fleas
Is there an expiration date on this product?
Did anyone else's dog experience bad breath after using this product? He's never had bad breath until I tried this yesterday and it's really noticible
can this product be used on cats
Does this unit come with the transformer? If not, which does it use, the 12v or 24v?
Can this be used in a fresh water aquarium?
How many lights would you put on a 40g breeder 36.2" x 18.3" x 17?
How many lights would you put on a 40g breeder 36.2" x 18.3" x 17?
What are specific ingredients?
I've seen two different answers to this question....are these made in the USA or not. Thanks.
Also wondering if the pieces separate when a dog chews this product. I just bought braided chew at a local store and it easily came apart when chewed
Weird question but I'm wondering if the three braided pieces can be separated easily? I'm wondering if I could give the individual pieces to my dog.
Are these made in America? Thanks.
is this odorless
The first batch of sticks in Oct. 2013 were of a different consistancy, our puppy loved them and would chew for hours. She will not and cannot chew these. Did they change the process? She is mostly frustrated with the new ones. We received this batch...
where are these products made?
What are these exactly made of?
What is the best no-tip stainless steel bowl you would recommend for a 12 lb.cat. I assume the bowl needs a flat bottom
Can cats drink right from the waterfall, like other fountains?
My cats love to chew electrical cords, especially the kind that are part of an AC adaptor? Has anyone had this problem with this item?
How deep should the water bowl be for this water pump? I'd appreciate your response.
How tall is the pump?
My system is already broken and I have had it less than a month. What should I do? I don't have the original packaging as it was working fine.
Can this be used in a gravity waterer?
What size are the piece of food? Are they for small dogs?
Is this food sourced and made in the USA
Does anyone know why there are supposedly 6 NATURAL ingredients, but an expiration date of over a year? I bought a bag today, the exp date is JUly 201
Is this similar to her brand ZERO? That is currently what I feed my dogs but this seems exponentially cheaper.
Why does it say there are 6 ingredients, but lists 29 ingridients on the package. They lie to you on the package, what else are they lieing about?
where is it made
Calories? Does anybody know how many calories per ounce or per 1/2 or 1 cup serving?
What are The ingredients, calories per cup, protein, fat and fiber?
I am thinking about ordering a 6 pack which some would be kept for next year. How do I know what the date is on the product?
Do you send out UNexpired tubes of Advantix II?
Mosquito also?
Does this repel fleas?
what is difference between Advantix and Advantix ll
My dog is 20 pounds. Is it better to get the medium dog size or the large dog size?
My dog swims about once a week. Will it decrease length or effectiveness?
active ingrediant?
is this for heartworm as well as flea / ticks?
does is have battery
DOES IT HAVE A THREAD STRAP OR BUCKLE STRAP?
What is max weight of dog for this to work?
Will the no bark collar work on cats?
I have a 5 pound yorkie. Will it fit?
How small will the collar go? I have a very small yappy pomeranian who weighs about 4 pounds.
Is this a good product for hairy dogs?
How do you open the battery compartment? There is a tiny screw , but there is also a little slot that I don't want to break it by prying on it.
what kind of a sound does it make? or does it shock?
Other than the price and design, what is the difference between the Pet Tag regular and the Pet Tag Pro no bark collars?
Does this fixture hold a standard size bulb?
Does it work for saltwater ?
I have a rimless fluval edge that measures 16.9" wide. Can this light cover the full length in brightness ?
for rimless tank above-eye-level, can you rotate the angle of the light to not shine in eyes and be conformable to sit next to tank ?
What is the Temperature of this bulb?
I want to put this on my desk. Will this light cause sunburn to humans?
Is the cord a two or 3 prong plug?
does this lamp hold a G23 9W bulb?
do you know if this will fit Aqueon Evolve 2 tank? Also, how long is the fixture/bulb?
Does this come with a bulb?
Does the cover come off?
The color says "Crimson" but the photo looks brown. Is this brown?
Can the cover be removed for washing?
Can the cover be removed for washing?
I have multiple pets - do I need one for each pet?
how far can this track down?
Does the collar have a beep option if my dog gets too far out and I want to "beep" him to return to me?
Will this fit on my cat? Or is it too big?
is this products works good in United Arab Emirates ? i mean the GPS tracker
can this item get wet if a dog runs into the water with it on?
Will the receiver update if my dog is running around while I'm looking for him?
What is the warranty on this unit?
I need a reliable GPS with realtime tracking for my runaway prone Chow mix. I need to be able to track her with a handheld device. Any suggestions?
Hello it will work in south america, Argentina, Thanks
I have an akita who is very protective of me around men. He has NEVER bitten anyone, but I need a muzzle in case. Is this one a good choice?
What size for a 41 lb. Australian Shepherd? Her poop consumption is out of control. She will only wear this while outside on potty breaks.
Would this work to block foxtails from getting in my dogs nose?
How do I measure for the muzzle?
Would this help with my dog's dandruff?
Does this come in two bottles or one?
What are the ingredients? To Amazon, please provide the ingredient list.
Is this a cruelty free product?
Is this product made in the USA and does it contain ALL natural ingredients? Is the smell pleasant or overpowering?
can this be used on a dog if they don't have dry or itchy skin to keep the coat in good condition and help prevent mats?
Is there any residue with this product? Will my dogs leave any marks/ residue on my carpet, furniture, or clothes?
Is this for use after a bath? Can you use it on a dry coat?
What's in it? Cats and some dogs can be very sensitive. Does it say?
Help. I lost the box for my filter. Could someone please post the type of filter I need for replacement?
Where can i get a LED replacement for this? Is there a part number or name?
Is there a substitute filter replacement? I can't find the mini-might filters. Amazon has them, but with shipping it's too expensive..
Does this come with a heater? Does it need to be purchased separately? If so, is there enough space to put in one inside the aquarium
Does it have a filter system?
I need to purchase a replacement light for this aquarium, however, i cannot find the individual part or part number. does anyone know where to get 1?
I have an overgrown Brussels griffon who weighs almost 20 lbs. Would this table work for him?
Would this be suitable for grooming a miniature schnauzer? Adult weght should be about 10 lbs.
I have miniature puddle,9.5 lbs. Will he be able to fit on the table?
Can the grooming arm be completely removed and not used? I am grooming English Angora rabbits and do not need the arm part.
How do you stop the table from moving around so much?
Is there a way to adjust the circular movement so the table does not swivel so fast? I cannot keep the 6lb dog stable because the base is moving.
What is the diameter of the platform?
Is the grooming leash included?
is this good for a 10 gallon tank
HI, will the mini-5 inch one be good to clean up the 5-gallon tank? Thank you
Do you know how fast it sucks up the water? Like for example---mins per gallon/cup or ect
I have a 26 gallom Aqueon Aquarium.What are the filters(sizes) to use
Would this work with colored stones and in a 2.5 gal tank?
hi everyone, i have 10 gal fish tank what size can i get for this?ty
How long is the hose?
How do I suction get going? Do I need to suck the water with my mouth to start the flow???
Is the suction tube 10 inches or is the plastic tubing 10 inches?
Just received mine 2 days ago. I noticed the suction tube doesn't have any kind of screen. Is that normal?
Will this work if I have sand instead of gravel in my tank?
How long this tube is?
Does anyone know the diameter of the tube?
Is this suitable for a ten gallon tank?
how does it not vacuum up the 'baby fish' on the bottom of the tank. I have many baby guppies and swordtails and don't want to lose them to the vacuum
Do the fish get sucked in??
What size tank is this for? I have a 40 gal. and trying to decide which size to get.
would this pump possibly transfer thin paint from a drum into five gallon pails?
my cat is 12lbs do you think this would be ok ?
Will my 8.5lb and 16lb cat be able to fit inside the hole? Is this a good tree for cats that size? They are just normal house cats.
Do your cats (for the most part) like to scratch on the posts of this tree? We hope the cats will prefer this to scratching on our furniture!
I rescued a kitty who is declawed, will he be able to use this product just by jumping?
What are the measurements of the top 2 piers?
What is the diameter of the hole in the house?
Is this treated with cat nip?
How can you replace the rope on it that cat has torn off? I already have a cat tree, but cat has shredded most of the rope on it.
Is this suitable for 20 lb cat??
Is it possible to assemble it so the highest platform is on the left, instead of on the right as pictured?
My poodle is 4.3 lbs., has long legs &amp; long body, but slim. Will the SMALL fit her? Or do I need XS?
?What size of small dogs?
Small Pomerania she weights about 6 1/2 pds
good harness for holderdoodle
will this work for a 3lb yorkie puppy?
will the small fit my 3 and a half pound petite yorkie. Her x small is a little too snug now to go over her head
will it work for a 10 1/2 pound cat?
What size for a 10 lb dog?
Are the colors in the picture the true colors. The blue looks like a royal blue. Is it?
My cat's current puppia harness is a small and the neck opening measures 11.5 inches. What size should I order?
Does it have a ring on it to attach a leash to?
I have a 7 lb Maltese mix, her girth measurement is l2 inches, should I order small or medium???
Which size will fit my 14 lb mix breed
will this fit a 22 lb Cvachon with a 22.5 girth and 13.5 neck? Thanks
What size should I order for a 23 pound Westie?
Does it match the size of Great Pyrenees? My cocoa weighs 90 pounds.....
is the neckline adjustable? My bichon is 13 (tight) around the neck and 20 around girth
is the neckline adjustable? My bichon is 13 (tight) around the neck and 20 around girth
is it safe for a 7 lb dog
Do you leave the collar on at all times or only when you have to leave the dog and you don't want her to bark?
Does anyone know the best vibration only collar for barking? I have a 19lb. sheltie that obeys everything, except my command, "no bark."
Can this collar be adjusted for loud excessive banking and not the normal communication barking?
Anybody try this on a German shepherd? or same size dog?
are there different levels of vibration ... i.e., stronger vibrations for dogs whose attention needs a little tuning?
So does this not "SHOCK" your dog? It just vibrates right?
Can this collar be adjusted for loud excessive banking and not the normal communication barking?
Would you recommend saying "No" when your dog barks while using the collar so that your dog eventually responds to your command to stop?
Where can I get replacement batteries? I can't find them
Says for reptiles or amphibians. Will this terrarium hold a small spider, as in 1 inch wolf spider?
Is it background or real rock on the back of the tank?
Can you remove the plastic background piece? How is it secured?
can i put a baby ball python in this terrarium?
Is the base 8x8? Or the inside?
could this hold 4 regular sized dart frogs if not what size would
Why is there so much door movement even with the lock engaged? I wonder if my spiderling will escape through the increased gap.
Is it big enough for a rose hair tarantula?
Could a house gecko live in this terrarium?
Would this tank be ideal for a land hermit crab? Maybe two?
Which way do these go (black side out, or towards the pump)? I have the raindrop fountain, and I lost the package for the filters.
Do these filters fit the Petco cat fountain? Thanks!
How long do these last? How often SHOULD they be changed?
Is this one filter or multiple?
how many come to a package....i know 3 are pictured, but i dont see where it formally states that you are paying for 3 filters...
what are the ingredients?
How much square footage does a 2lb bottle cover?
Has anyone used this with the Porch Potty on artificial grass?
Can this be used on artificial grass?
Has anyone used this product for cat odor in a basement concrete floor?
would this work in a crawl space?
I need instructions to program. Do you have them to share? Thanks, Al
Can ants get into the food reservoir? I plan to use it outside and have had problems with ants in other feeders. 9/5/13 Thanks for all of the responses everyone!!
Are you able to program different amounts into the feeder (like 1/3 of a cup) or is it only in 1/4 cup increments?
Does anyone know if this is better than the LeBistro dispenser? Not sure which is better.
The time is correct but feeds 1-2 hours after the programmed times.?.?
What sort of warranty comes with this "large automatic pet feeder"? I bought one June 4, 2013 and it is beginning to malfunction.
instructions for programing
Is there a flap on the dispenser to prevent cats from reaching in and helping themselves to more? My cats are smarter than I gave them credit for.
What are the assembled dimensions of this feeder?
Has anybody experienced the feeder just stop working? I've put in new batteries, but nothing shows up on the LCD.
Is there a light that indicates the device is working, I know some do have them.
instruction book to set up
will this product work on dogs
how do you know when the battery is out? does it blink to alert you to change battery??? thnks
Any advice on what is the best frequency on the dial to keep cats away?
Does this work indoors to train cats to stay off the counters? Is the low frequency emitted sound audible?
How does this affect my pets that go outside with me? I purchased this due to other cats that are defecating in my yard and bothering my inside pets?
Does it work on dogs
Will this keep my cat from hiding under the couch? There is a 6" gap under the couch, hoping that mounting it in the back corner will work...
Can this device work if placed behind a garage door and not outside? I have a problem with stray cats who are pooping in front of my garage door.
What are the width and height of the door?
What size kennel does this door fit? I am looking for one to fit a 48" kennel.
I need a replacement kennel door for a giant that measures 48"Lx32"Wx35"H.
need a replacement door for deluxe vari kennel measurement as yhe widest part is 18.5 height is 22.5 the top and bottom measure is 15 wide
Could someone give me measurements of the gate; top to bottom AND across the middle, the widest part of the gate? Thank you
does this fit petmate kennel 502911 door?
I have a pet mate pet portor measures 40"L By 27" W By 30" H
Why don't you put the dimensional data on these doors
what are door measurements
i need a kennels door that measures 48"L x 27"W x 30"H..are these the measurements of this door?
Will it fit a 8-10 inch bearded dragon?
What size is this leash? I'm looking for a x-small or xx-small
Does it fit a leopard gecko
will this fit a baby iguana?
Does this work on bare floors as well? My house is mostly bare floors with a few area rugs.
Do you have evacuate your home for the several days you use this product? Can you still continue letting your animals walk on it?
If I buy two bottles of this item, is there combined shipping discount?
Does this product kill the flea egg and larva? It show the picture, but doesn't say it kills egg and larva...
Can it be used on furniture upholstery?
What is the actual size of this bed. It says 18 1/2 inches wide but several reviews say that it is actually larger. I actually need the larger size
will this hold two two little dog? Yorkie and shitzu? They are about 12 lbs each.
will this hold a 16 lb cat?
What are the active ingredients in this product?
are these the drops
Can we treat multiple dogs with this
where is the product made?
if i use this product do i need to treat the house? i have only tile and wood floors.
does this kill eggs and larve as well?
Is there quaranteed auto-shut-off?
Question for manufacturer: Do you take any measures to prevent UV exposure outdoors from breaking down the polypropylene plastic?
does it have auto fill
Could I attach this to an aluminum fence? (With 3-4inches in between all of the slats...)
How does it mount? Would you have to drill into your brick home to mount it that way?
Is this big enough for a horse?
How to stop leaking at the hose connection?
I would like one of these in stainless steel as we live at the beach - is this availabile in stainless steel?
Will this work in a gravity feed type setup where a tank is mounted a few feet above?
I just installed mine and its leaking where the hose connects, I have added plumbers tape, sometimes the hose just pops off, any advice?
what size should we get for a 52 lb german shorthaired pointer
My dog is a brittany spaniel. She is about 45 pounds. What size sweater does she need?
Is the leash whole on this for a Harness? Hole maybe around the back of shoulders? I have a lab/Golden mix - more size of golden retriever.
Is the extra Large big enough for a Doberman?
I have an 8 pound chihuahua. His girth is 14.5in, and his neck is 9.5 inches. Do you believe the XXSmall will fit him?
I always worry that a tired dog will not be able to keep their head above the water. How well does this work to keep their head above the water level?
I have a 6.7lb chihuahua and i am not sure if i should get xxs or xs. he is skinny and have a relativel long torso and short legs as a chihuahua.
made in the usa
What is the girth range of the x-small? My dog has a girth of 18 inches, and is 8.5 lb. will the x-small work for her?
Should I get my 20 lb jack russel/corgi mix a small or medium?
would this fit a golden retriever/boxer mix? large or medium???
how do you chose the correct size for your dog?
how do I know what size to buy?
I have a 45 lb dog - Should I get a Medium??
What size would you need for a 55 pound blue tick coonhound?
For Medium size, what is the length from the top of the neck opening to the end where the tail would be and what are the min/max length of the girth straps?
Where is the sizing chart Amazon?
I have an English Bulldog who weighs 55 pounds. He is the typical English bulldog shape with wide shoulders and very narrow hips. Medium or large?
How do I decide what size my dog needs?
We have 2 cocker spaniels. 24 pounds each. Chest is 21 1/4 on one and a solid 22 on the other. What size jackets would we need
I have a Basset Hound that ways 86 lbs and has a girth of 35 inches neck is 24 inches should I get the large or extra large?
I have a 56 lb golden retriever wich size should i order?
We have a 55 lb German Shorthaired Pointer, he has a barrel chest. Would the large be the right fit?
Big enough for 180lb neo mastiff?
I have a 95-100lb large german shepherd, which size would you reccomend?
I have a 90 lb Golden Retriever what size do I order?
will it fit a large 110 pound doberman
Is this vest soft enough for the pups to navigate in or is it stiff? I'm not sure what neoprene is....thanks
how do the sizes run?
Hi guys, i want to buy it as a gift i only have the Height: 20 inches and Weight: 39 pounds. It is a Border Collie. Does it fit ? Thanks
I have a 40lbs dog, but he's pretty stout. His chest at the widest part is about 24 inches around. Should I get a large or a medium?
will this fit a 70lb English bulldog?
I have 2 bulldogs , 1 weighs 35lbs., and the other 45lbs
my dog is 4lbs will it fit?
I have a 10 lb yorkie and read that the vest runs small. Should I go with small or x-small?
I have a 17 pound mini husky with a 20" chest; what size would you recommend?
I have a 23 lb Pom mix, do I need a small or medium?
What size is appropriate for a 20 lb dog?
We have a 10 pound Havanese. Do we need a small or an extra small?
we have a 20 pound register pug, and don't know what size to get
Size chart? Weight of dog for the size small
what size would you get for a 8 lb dog
is this cat house insulated?
.I assume you leave the doors open at first...then what do you do? put down one at a time and then the cat learns how to open the closed flap?
Does the extra green cover that is shown extending like a roof over both the front and back doors come with the house?
Is this house heavy enough so it doesn't blow over in high wind?
What are the dimensions?
This feral house sounds fantastic, my concern is it flat enough on the bottom to put food and heated water dish?
how do you attach the top?
I have three half grown feral kittens...would this house be large enough for all three to curl up in together?
what catnip do you send with this item? this is the only one my cat loves!thanks
I am wondering how many cats will one of these homes house?
Does anyone use this toy for a dog? do dogs like to play with this?
how do you put this turbo track together
I know ball can roll out an open end, but Will ball come out of track if it's lifted up?
What is the difference between this one and the one for $16.85.
Supposedly this is the newer model accortding to: http://www.amazon.com/Bergan-Turbo-Tr... I don't see what has changed to make it different??? Anyone notice what the advantages/disadvantages might be from the "older model"?
What color is the product? Is the color of the part that Gulf Coast Pet Supplies ships the same blue that is in the product images?
How many pieces come with the turbo track?
Can you buy separate pieces? I have 3 sets, but only 3 straight pieces. I'd like a couple more to make a bigger design.
Does this one work on battery?
Can you use regualar plastic grocery bags with this or do you have to use the special bags that come with it?
What is the exact length of the unit without the ramp?
senior cat with joint pain needs easy entry/exit. I see the ramp, but what about exit?How high are the sides? Cat in video jumps over the sides.
How to claim warranty help on this product
how can I gert a new manual for myself cleaning litterbox
Did they recently change this product? My cat use to love these treats and w/ my last bag she wont touch them - they look different to me too.
What is the expiration date on these packages?
My vet wrote me a prescription for Enisyl-F Lysine Treats [300ct] for 19.99 off of their pharmacy website. The brand is Vetoquinol. Are these the sam?
Have they changed the formula lately? they used to be beige and crumbly but now are dark brown and hard. One cat barfs them up,one can't chew it.
Enisyl-F Lysine Treats: I assume these treats are soft chews?
How many calories are in a 250 mg dose?
What's the difference between these and the Vetri-Lysine Plus Bite-Sized Chews? My kitten has FHV and I want to use the best product for her eyes.
What are the ingredients?
About how many treats are in this bag?
how many are in the bag?
Kind of new to cats, Why would some want non-clumping or clumping...what is the best?
Does this Super Scoop clump any better than the Arm &amp; Hammer Double Duty? That one broke apart into tiny clumps.
Been using this for a while. Loved it but my last 2 boxes are different - loose clumping which breaks apart when lifted. Anybody have this issue?
Is catl L itter flammmable
how do i stop getting this cat litter monthly? I want to stop this subscription and cannot seem to do it. Please stop sending me monthly cat litter.
Is this cat scratcher as messy as the other corrugated ones? I have pieces of cat scratch pad all over the place and wonder if this stays together.
how wide is it?
what is the size?
How many pads are included?
Dementions?
what stand would this cage use??
Will 2 cockatiels fit in this cage?
Is this big and sturdy enough cage for a small conure??
what kind of a flavor does it have? I have a Shih Tzu that I want to get this for and he is very picky about how things taste.
What are the ingredients and amount per serving?
I'd like to know what the expiration date is on this product before I purchase? Please advise.
Does anyone know if there are dyes in this formula? Is the liquid clear? So many similar products have either Red or Blue food dye in them.
Is this item used daily or weekly
Does anyone know the name of the type of bottle that this rinse comes in? Or a common name for it? Thanks!
on the box, not the tube, it lists Dextrose as one of the ingredients. Is Dextrose the same as sugar?
Could someone tell me where the expiration date is on the tube? I cannot find it. Thank you.
Does anyone know the difference between the tartar control toothpaste and the regular enzymatic toothpaste they sell? Would you say this is better?
Beef flavor is clear color, but leaves metal/dark gray color residue at screw top/inside cap. Anyone w/ beef, would u check your tube and tell me? Thx
Is it effective for bad breath?
Does this toothpaste contain zylitol?
could you please tell me the expiration date on this item?
they have a expiration day?
is the beef flavor clear toothpaste in color?
Will it help remove plague that has formed on my dogs teeth?
Where is this manufactured?
Do you need to rinse this toothpaste from your dog's mouth after use?
Does this toothpaste contain fluoride?
Is this toothpaste a gel or more of a paste/cream?
Why do you put sugar in the toothpaste that is swallowed and not spit out?
Does it have any preservatives, artificial flavors or colors?
Is the tube made of aluminum or plastic?
How do you keep it from drying out after the packet is opened?
Do I need to rinse my cat's mouth after using the toothpaste? no clear instruction written on it.
Is there a silver seal under the cap for freshness and safety.
ragdoll cats don't have an undercoat , therefore most traditional cat brushes don't work and scratch the skin. would this work f
Would this work well on my American Eskimo? She gets lots of tangles, but she has really fine hair.
Does this comb have a flat or round spine? Sounds silly, but I think round backs are easier on the hands
Will this be a good shedding comb for my medium coat German Shepherd?
has anyone tried it on a double coated Pomeranian?
For my medium coat German Shepherd should I buy the 10" or 7-1/2"?
Is it a coarse/fine or a coarse/medium comb?
Is this a good comb for standard poodle?
hi i have 3 long haired maine coon cats. will this comb work good and prevent some shedding and not scratch the skin?
Can you ship any of the any of the steel grooming combs to Caracas, Venezuela? Thanks
Is the strap long enough to put cross-wise across the body, or just on the shoulder?
Is it BPA free? What number is in the recycle triangle?
How many OZ's of water does it hold?
upc code for Walk-n-Water, Portable Water canteen and bowl
can you pore the unused water back into the canteen?
How many ounces of water does this hold?
Is this product top-rack dishwasher safe?
How do you keep your dog from simply nosing it out of the way? I put these up and my doodle just nudged it aside with her nose. ???
Does the hardware (screws and hinges) come with this extension kit?
Is there a walk-thru door?
What are the dimensions of each section?
can I use it outside?
I currently want to extend my gate. Does the pet extension gate come with additional hinges or just the one shown?
how do you attach it to 4 panel gate? i need to add extensions to make it larger
How long/wide? Is it at least 36 inches? Why aren't the demensions listed?
how tall is it? how does it keep for being tipped over? is it preassembled?
Does this filter need electricity to work??
How strong is the suction on this? I need to replace a filter that is too strong for the fish in the aquariun and might give this a try ?
Replacement Filter: Just like the review above I can't find a filter that fits this I've bought the smallest they had at the pet store and it was too big, anyone had any luck?
Does this filter require an external air pump?
Does the pump run directly off of AC or does it use a DC power supply? If DC, what voltage? How much current does it draw?
My mini might power filter AQ0080 doesn't seem to be cleaning the water. It did for first day,now the water is getting cloudy. Runs fine, Anyone know?
How do you know when to replace the filter cartridge? How often is it supposed to be replaced?
I have a small betta tank, how can I slow the current of water? Would removing the filter and adding charcoal work?
Can someone who is currently using this filter look in the top and tell me how high the water level is on the cartridge? The filer started making a noise so I raised the cartridge a little and now I'm not sure if is low enough in the water to operate...
Can this filter run totally submerged?
extreme chewers: Help, My year old pit has destroyed every single toy I've brought home I'm running out of products to buy, could someone please tell me what works with your extreme chewers???
My dog can do more damage 2 these round balls when they have a whole in the center where she can get a better grip. I'm looking for the 1s without hol
Does this ball squeak?
Does this ball squeak?
Is this bigger, same, or smaller than a tennis ball? Thanks!!
Is it for a strong chewing Pit Bull?
Does this ball have a hole drilled through the center?
Is this ball (medium/large) bigger than a Chuckit ball? My labs are 60--100 pounds and great chewers going through a tennis ball in two minutes.
will this ball fit in a standard size chucker? my dogs dont get to keep the ball. we just use the chucker but they ruin a tennis ball a day.
how much does this toy actually weighs? i am going to ship this internationally and i am concerned about the weights.
what are the dimensions of this wall tank?
How can you feed the fish?
I really want to get this, but want to know how long your fish (Betta) survived in this? Size too cruel for a Betta?
what is included in the package?
How do you change the water?
If there is an opening at the top how could you keep frogs in it?
how many per package looks like 3 but you never know
Where is this product made?
do all three come in one package or is it only one
Does this cage come with the ladders?
Can this hold small birds like finches, parakeets, love birds, etc?
Does the middle come out so the cage is just one long cage?
Is the stand optional? I currently have a set up where i would like to put the cage only without the stand.
What's the actual height of the cage itself?
Will it work on any bicycle? I have a lightweight Trek Pilot which is for on-road use only.
Does the hitch have to be bought separate because if it does we will add it to the trailer order and combine shipping. Thanks!
The left tire blew a hole in it after 1 yr of use. How do I order a replacement tire?
is there somewhere inside to hook up the dog leash? Some models say so but this doesn't
Does it fold yo?
How much does the trailer weigh?
I have two Chihuahuas. One is 8 pounds and the other is 11 pounds. Will they both fit in this pet trailer?
dimensions of trailer
Is it aluminum?
Is the interior completely enclosed, or is there small openings where the framing / other comes through?
What is the exact measurement of the bowl from rim to rim?
Do they have rubber on the bottom for non-skid protection?
Made in USA?
If I buy two of them, will they nest together very closely? I am looking for a good fit with little gap between two bowls stacked.
What is the exact measurement of the bowl at the bottom?
What capacity bowl would you get for a standard poodle-I'd like sizes both for food and for water.
What is the diameter of the 4-cup including the rim?
How deep are the bowls? I have pugs and buy bigger bowls since they need to put their whole face in the bowl to eat.
Would these bowls be short enough for a mini-dachshund?
What is the diameter?
Are these bowls food grade stainless steel, 18/8 or 304 or better? If not, what grade stainless steel are they? Thank you.
HOW MANY IN THE BOX????? Gezzzzzz
How many alligator treats, large, in box DPN01159?
How many large alligators come in the display box?
What's the ingredients?
How is this different from Feliway? Is one better than the other?
Is this made in USA?
Would this work to calm a cat during travel? We are moving out of state
Is this made in USA?
Does this work to decrease peeing in the house? If so, do you spray it on the areas the cat tends to hit regularly?
My Vet tells me my new kitten has me trained. He meows until I pick him up. Then the meowing stops and the purring begins. He also races throughout the house and slams his head into things as if he were a bull. He's going to wind up with a concussion....
One of our 2 cats constantly chases and bites the other. The other cowers all the time. Might this help? They are sisters and were adopted together.
Does it reduce inappropriate urination?
Does this work with cats who scratch at door frames when they aren't allowed in a certain room?
How deep are the treads, not counting the overlap from the overhanging tread?
how can you clean this stool? is the carpet removable?
how far does this stool stick out from the bed?
Is step stool foldable or can it collapse to be tucked away?
How wide are the stairs?
Can someone tell me the height between each step? (We have small dogs, less than 6 pounds.)
How much weight can they support? I have a 60lb dog.
What is the height of the step stool? What is the width of each step?
Is this collar automatic? Or does it have remote control? That'd be helpful information
Will this collar stop a Beagle from barking? Beagles basically go apeshit when they bark, and their brains do not really function as far as learning.
Can it be set to instant shock? The ramp up ones are junk IMO for my dog.
Is the actual collar 3/4" or 1" wide?
What size of recharable batteries
Does the dog have to wear it forever or will this train the dog.
will this work for a 8-10 lb Chihuahua?
will this work on a big dog (about 70 lbs)?
When you pull out the tray at the bottom does the grill come out too?
Can someone tell me how the doors open? Are they the slide up and down kind or a fold down flap?
can this fit a love bird?
Is this truly big enough for two parakeets? Seems a bit small.
Is glass easy to clean without removing?
CAN I hang toys from the top of cage?
Is this cage big enough to accomadate two canaries comfortably and allow room for flight?
would this be suffice for 4 finches?
When I order it, does it come with the wall mount/ shelf? Or do I have to order is separately?
does it come with the perch in picture? can you add more?
I have the 182 double cage if i get the 183 add on how does it connect exactly, will they be able to go into it? I cannot see how they will get from one to the other.
it's not clear how it hooks on to an existing model 182. in the pics it looks like a separate unit. do you have more views?
Does this unit come with the platforms and the ramp?
can this be used to separate a ferret from other ferrets?
would this work without lower levels, with say something to sit it on to keep it off the ground
how big is the product
Can the add-on unit work as a stand alone cage at all?
How many units high in original purchase? On the picture you showing 3 + base.
Can I add 2 of these expansion levels to Model 181 as Model 182 is backordered? Can I build as good a 3 story cage w/181+2 levels vs. 182+1 level?
why doesn't the catnip stay on top of the scratcher rather then landing on my tile floor?
what are the dimensions?
How long would you say this would last? We have one indoor cat and we go through a typical pet store jumbo sized scratcher about once a month.
Is there much debris that needs to be cleaned regularly?
Do you think this could be hung on the wall so the cats could have it elevated to sleep on as well as scratch? Anyone tried that yet? Thanks.
Where was this made?
Is the tuxedo cat included?
Has anyone tried to Recover the PetFusion Cat Scratcher Lounge with more Cardboard or something better?
how big is it?
I need a cat bed to put on my bed when i am sleeping. my linen and blankets have all been poked threw. Can I use this on my bed?
what about a blue &amp; gold macaw is this a nice size for this kind of bird the 28x20x60
Can finches escape from this cage?
What are the sizes of the stainless steel cups? The cage in the picture shows white crocks?
Could anyone tell me if the 28X20X60 dimensions include the seed guards? Does anyone have the interior dimensions of the cage?
is the bar spacing good for my budgies
I wanted to get a large aviary type flight cage for my finches. It is a Parrot cage but the bars seem small enough to hold finches?
Is it powder coated
What are the internal demensions of this cage? It says 28x20x60 but Im assuming that's the external, including the seed guards? Does anyone know?
Is the actual cage without food guard 28" x 20". Height would include stand.
What is the diameter of the cage bars?
Are these ball caps adjustable for people with smaller heads?
what siz batteries does it use?
Can you use it to go running?
how do you change the batteries? can you replace the bulbs? If so, how. Rob K
Is the light beam suitable for reading as well as a task light (e.g. changing a flat tire at night)?
May the light portion be removed so the cap can be washed?
does it have a on/off button?
is the hat structured or unstructured? in other words does it have some kind of plastic on the front panel above the brim or is it just material?
The photo shows 4 colors, does the neon strip change colors or do you have to request one of the four?
Is it adjustable?
Is the medium door large enough for a dog with shoulder height of 15 inches to walk comfortably through wall?
Conflicting answers, so once again, is the wall mount kit included or does it have to be purchased separately?
Can anyone tell me the cutout width of this pet door. The only place we can install has only 8" between studs.
Will the wall kit work on 2"X6" walls?...Thanks
Does this door come with a door for closure at night?
What is the dimensions of the medium doggie door??
Confusing information. I need to put this doggie door in a wall that leads outdoors. Is the "Wall Mount" in the description everything needed?
Does anything else need to be purchased to mount to an outside door? Does the wall mount provide everything needed to install in a door?
Will this accomodate a dog up to 40lbs?
How wide is the opening?
What is the brand name of the cage? Also, is it suitable for 3 parakeets (budgies)?
I have a double yellow nape amazon parrot. Would he fit in this cage? What are the measurements of thi cage?
is the measurements with or with out the seed guards
I have a Grey that removes anything she can, including all dishes. What keeps the parrot from being able to just toss the dishes?
Do the ladders and cups on top come off?
Is this cage big enough for an umbrella cockatoo
Is this big enough for an african grey
Is this cage large enough for an Amazon Parrot ? Also, can this cage be assembled without the seed catcher ?
does the top open up. or is the only exit thru the front door.
How many perches are there for inside of cage?
How sturdy is this? I have curious cats and don't want an accident to happen...
can I line the bottom of the topper with card board and put bedding ontop of it? can my hamsters feet fall through the holes. Is it sturdy?
what is the width of the space between the bars
is it easy to clen
Can this topper be used for mice? or will they squeeze out? Thanks
Can this be used for a guinea pig
Can this be used for a guinea pig
which one do i want for a 2013 Subaru outback wagon
Will it work in a 2011 GMC with bucket seats and console between the seats?
Has anyone used this in a 4 door Toyota Tacoma?
is this suitable for a large dog (90 lbs)?
Who has used this for a 2 door sedan? It's the only barrier i've found that may work for me and the dogs.
Is this barrier able to be used behind the rear seats of an SUV? I have a 2014 Chevy Equinox and want to keep my 85-lb lab in the cargo area.
would this work in my toyota camry?
Will this work with a Subaru Forester?
Has anyone cut off a portion(s) of the bottom in order to fit the height within the vehicle?
Can you lengthen and shorten (the height), or is the overall height from top to bottom fixed?
Can I move one seat in the front closer to the steering wheel and the passenger farther? Will it move with seat adjustment?
Why would I buy this rather than your standard version? What does it offer that the standard doesn't (other than the plastic covers)?
I have a grand caravan and want to use this on the fold and go second row bucket seats. Looking at the design has anyone tried flipping it upside down
Can you buy the extension separate?
I bought the standard pet barrier from you last week and now I realize I need the extension. May I buy that now separate?
I have a 2006 Dodge Ram 2500 SLT quad-cab. Will this product fit so that the dogs will stay in the back?
Would this product work for a Honda Element. It doesn't have the standard door system that most SUV type vehicles have.
can this be used for a front and back seat barrier??
I have a miniature schnauzer, 2 yrs, 16 lbs., what size should I get?
Will it work for a short muzzle, japanese chin?
I have 2 scottish terrior, 2 yrs, 20lbs and 26lbs., What size should I get?
I have a lhasa apso puppy, weighing 6 lbs. What size?
what size for puppy...13 lbs?
What size would I use for a small Sheltie? She weighs approximately 24 lbs but has a small face and nose.
what size for a maltipoo at 13 pounds?
what size for 11# Jack Russell Terrier?
I need a spray that will keep my ferral cats off the outdoor cushions, will this work?
Will this stop the neighbor's cat from entering my backyard and killing the birds I like to feed and watch?
Will this product keep cats from scratching on certain spots on carpeting?
I have two young cats, about 3 months old, both neutered. They play hard and will get on tables and knock things over. Will this spray work for me.
My cat goes to my neigbours small patch of dirt to use the bathroom, will this help me to deter him from going there.
Is this safe to use on wood floors? Just spray and leave on or wipe off after some time?
What's the difference between this product and the red advanced formula?
What product is the refill for this sprayer?
Is international shipping possible, specifically Pakistan?
Did they just add "no more marking" to the same old formula, or is this something new?
Is this only for clumping litter?
Does anyone know where to buy and what size rubber bands I need for the liners? The box is 17" x 22" and Sift and Toss no longer includes them!!
what are the true dimentions of this product. they are listed here and on their web site as 8.8" x 4.2 x 1.5" Whats that all about?
What are the EXACT dimensions of the product?
How do you wash (&amp; dry) these?
Can I use this without the original Pee Tray?
What is this made of? What kind of material is on the bottom - under the grass? Could I use this in my Aquariums? Thanks!
is this machine washable if i put it in an old pillowcase?
can it be used outside?
How long does each pad last? It looks like it is reusable.
how to clean
Can this be used without the turf (just the grid on top of a pad?)
Does the "grass" snap in also?
How do you clean it???? Mine has a terrible urine odor even after I clean it and it's horrible....
Can I train my dog to use spotty place indoors and to go outside sometimes?
Is it real grass?
Will this fold in half
Is this a 3 tier system like the others. The description doesn't say what it is. Please explain what you get in the box
Do I have to run it with the colors changing, or can it run on one solid color?
Is this too big for a 20 inch wide 10 gallon tank?
can you turn the lights off when you don't need it?
is this wand a flex or solid wand
Can it be used in salt water tank?
I have a 60 gallon tank..48 inches long. Would one 20 inch strip be enough or should I put 2 end to end? Or is it just a personal taste thing?
I know its a "bubble" wand but can I set it up where its not hooked to air hose and it just changes colors in the water?
there are only 2 holes where there are bubbles is there a way to fix that??
What do I do if bubbles flow from only 3 spots?
where do I put this? On the tank's wall or under the gravel?
I have a cocapoo (half cocker spaniel and half poodle. Would it cut through her curly hair?
Hello, I wanted to know if you noticed if the metal plate gets hot?
Does it need a transformer/convertor for 220V
How noisy are these? I need to trim down my cat's fur due to mats but a noisy clipper will just make him run
Are the scissors that come with the kit for right handed people or lefties? I'm a lefty so it's a little difficult for me to find scissors.
Are these good for Lasahopso dog hair? I have had trouble finding clippers that actually cut the hair.
Is this cat house large enough for a very large stray male cat?
Does it cost much to operate?
How do I "pop down" the kitty house to return it?
What is the wattage?
how warm does the bed get? maybe a comparison would be a better answer
my cat is a fairly long cat so can take up some space. is the bed big enough for an adult sized cat?
how high a temperature does the bed heat up to?
Are the walls soft(collapsible) or hard I will be using for my 6 pound Yorkie and the soft wall ones he just gets in and tractors around the house.
hi, how long is the cord, thanks in advance
How much electric would it cost to use this for a month?
does anybody own non heated cat house
Are there flaps for the doors, and are they removable, if so?
Is this going to protect a cat from rain if left in an open porch? I feed 3 feral cats in my backyard. Is this really good against the rain? Thanks!
How is the insulation?
Hook &amp; Loop: The directions say to secure both sides of the walls with the hook and loop? I don't see any hook or loop. Can someone please advise?
I bought the small heating pad by K &amp; H...now I want to purchase the unheated house. Are there holes for the cord in this one?
Would this house be too hot in the summer in Texas? I fear the feral cat feeling safe it in during winter and then getting overheated in the summer.
I'm a bit confused by the description. Does the NON-heated version have a floor, or is it just walls and a roof? Thanks!
What color is the bed?
Why did the price of the unheated house go up 20 bucks? I was going to buy this but now seems too expensive.
is this big enough for a 12lb cat
Is the center cushion removeable from the rest of the bed or is it all one piece?
What is the inside measurments? Im assuming thr 18in is from outside to outside. I have a jack russel and need to know before i purchase.
What size should I get for my Llhasa Apso? She is 12.5 lbs. Thanks.
Will 30" fit my 80# Viszla?
will the medium fit my 22 lbs pug ? or is the large better ? he sleeps stretched out with head hanging down
Is the White colored pad, separate from the rest of the bed? Where was the bed made?
Will the small fit my 10lb cat?
Is the cover removeable? How do you clean it?
what is the max. weight for this seat? I have a 40 lb mix breed that loves to ride but gets cold easily so thinking this would be my answer.
How easily does this seat fasten into the car seat; we have one that is great but a beast when installing into the car..it takes two people. We need
What is the actual elevation? States cushion is 3" Is it only 3 inches that the dog gets elevated? Thanks!
If the space in my seat is 1-2 inches less wide than the seat, can the seat be squished to fit or is it too firm?
What does the safety strap attach to? If my dog stands on his hind legs to look out the window, will it displace the cushion? thanks!
what size dog car seat would I need for a 24 pound cocker spaniel
Have 2 -15 lb bichons and bigger seats are too HUGE-is this big enough to be comfortable for both? Not for lying down, just sitting, standing?
I have a Pontiac Vibe (small crossover vehicle). Would the large booster fit in the back seat?
My dogs seatbelt attaches via the cars seatbelt shoulder strap. Can I use the booster seat with my dogs seatbelt?
Could this be used indoors? My cat is eldery and this would help this winter
If the cat does not use the Heated Kitty House for a few days, will we be using electricity when plugged in?
Why can't you use this with a commercial extension cord? This would almost be a must for most cases (no one usually has a plug near by).
demensions
Are there flaps on the doors?
This vs. The triangular Shaped house/Tent looking house? Which provides more heat during the winter days and nights?
Are there any alternative ways to power this up? Apparently you can't use an extension cord for it? =[
how many watts
How about rain and snow? How does the structure hold up?
Is it safe to leave the outdoor Heated Kitty House plugged in an outdoor outlet over night or for a few days?
What is the safety strap attached to? Basically, if my dog stands on his hind legs to look out the window, will he displace the bottom cushion? thanks
Is it difficult to lift a 25 pound dog from the ground into the car seat? My dog stands on her hind legs and waits for me to lift her into the car seat she has now. I am wondering if the sides of this seat are not too high to comfortably do this.
Are the sides high enough to keep a small dog from falling out?
My little Papillon is very used to his skybox seat in the car. I would need to boost the height a few inches at least to match this. Possible?
22 lb Shiba Inu. Will this size fit? I want to let him stick his head out the window w/o being able to jump out. Is this secure? Convertible hardtop.
what is the size inside?
How high off of the actual seat in the car is the dog? i.e., how much height does this add? Trying to figure out if Pup will be able to see outside.
I have a 12 pound dog. SHe is long. What size would I want ? Also you give 3 dimensions but which is lenght and which is width ?
Are the seat belt slots closed w/ Velcro?
Can a passenger still ride in the back? Does it fold so a passenger can fit in the back?
The manufacturer says it's a "semi-fitted seat cover comes with a removable flap". How does the flap attach? (Zipper, velcro, etc?) Thank you.
Where is this product made? Do the plastic clips stay secure, or do they release too easily as the dog moves about the car?
using seat belts with it
will this fit a mercedes station wagon?
We have a full size Chevy Silverado. Is the 58" measurement the width or length? Concerned that it won't be wide enough.
Is it Washable? how do you wash it?
I have two chihuahuas that I hope to have share one booster. Unsure if I should get the small or large.
Is the fleece cover removable for washing on both the cushion and the seat?
does the tether attach to the frame of the seat or just to the cloth?
I have just bought this seat but I can't find which harness to use as I am guessing the harness will need 2 rings for the 2 tethers in the seat?
Does this seat "seat belt" in?
My Shih-Poo is 13 lbs. Which would be the better buy the large or small seat?
What are the dimensions of the two sizes? I don't want to use in the car seat but rather on the armrest.
I just bought this seat but the spot to plug in the heater is missing, so I returned it. Do all seats come like this?
How high up does the dog sit?
Can you use this car seat in thefront passenger side of a car? Please let me know.
Is the bottom of the crate or the pad waterproof? Do I need to buy a liner of some kind for a puppy?
Does this fold flat? How large is it when folded, and how easy to fold up?
Can this be carried like a bag? Does out have handles for that?
How many pounds can the dog be?
I have an Italian Greyhound whose normal crate (for home) is 28.01 inches L X 20 inches W X 19.19 inches H. Do you think he'd fit in this one?
is this airline approved?
Can it be seat belted in
I bought my crate last spring and the zipper just broke at the top left side is this covered by 100% guarantee ?
Is there a chart available matching diaper size to waist size? My mastiff has a 38" waist
Do you think these would be the right size for a female rottweiler when in heat??
What is the appropriate size for an 80 lb. female German Shepherd?
Do I need to buy the liners with these diapers or do they work without them?
Can you wash these in the machine or do you have to wash by hand? What about putting them in the dryer? Thanks!
what is the best diaper and size for a 17 year old male lab, often incontinent?
are these for females
&lt;15 pound dogs should eat 1 a day as recommended. Does this still apply for dogs that are 4 pounds?
What are the specific ingredients in this? Any antibiotics?
Does this come in a bag or a tub?
Are these made in USA?
What are the Inactive Ingredients in this product please.
What are the ingredients? You say everything but that.
How compact does this 42 inch crate fold?
what is the size of the crate when it is collapsed. How thick is it.
pet gate size and colors
What's the best way to clean the crate?
Does this carrier have a hard bottom? Or is it soft like the sides?
How does this crate fold up? With the crate standing in normal position, do the ends fold down? Sides fold down? Ends or sides fold up?? Thanks
Can this crate be carried by handles while pet is in it (e.g. for vet trips)? Or is it mostly for contain the pet while traveling?
How strong is the material? I ordered a different one and it feels cheap, is this the same?
Is the color in real life true to what is pictured online. I do not want a dog crate that looks more pink in reality.....as my dog is a male :)
1. Is the base of this carrier solid or hard or is it soft material?
What is the shipping time?
Any difference between maroon and blue 36" crate? Why the price difference?
Is this made in America?
Is this sturdy enough that you can lift it with the dog in it? Thinking about traveling Amtrak with my pooch . . .
Would the 36 inch crate work for a 70 lb female lab to be used for vacations? The 42 in I think is too big for my trunk
How does this crate collapse?
what is the weight of crates???? 30 inch and 36 inch ?
What is the material that the crate is made of?
does the top section open up
Is this small carrier measured 15.7 inches HIGH x 22.8 inches LONG x 15.7 inches WIDE?
Would the Small size work for 16 lb Toy Poodle? It is just for riding in the car and carrying to the vet.
Measurements for small?
Have you fit the 15.7 inches x 22.8 inches x 15.7 inches model under an airplane seat? Or do you think it could fit under most seats?
Is the something you can put a seatbelt through to hold this in place in the car?
Is there a place to make a seatbelt go through to keep them secure in the car?
Do both ends have zip openings?
Can this be secured by using the seat belt into a car seat?
What is the interior height of small size? Thx
will a 20lb miniature schnauzer fit in the small crate?
is it top loading?
is it air travel approved?
I have a 8 pound shih tzu is small a good choice ..
Are these boots waterproof?
When measuring the sole of their paws, do we include the claws?
Would these work on a 16 pound Pug? She's much smaller than normal Pugs.
Does this item have a zipper
Size for your dog
How big is this boot? I have a toy poodle, probably two inches at most with fur.
Will the house hold up through the weather (hot summers, some rain, 30's in winter) in an unshaded backyard (DFW area)? It will be out in the open -
How does the door open? Swing fr both side? Concern that my dog could shut herself in by accident.
Is the porch can go on the side of the house instead...I don't have a deep space
Can anyone tell me the size? Can I fit 3 sm chihuahuas in the small dog house? dogs (1) 10lbs and (2) 4lbs
Can I lock the door from outside?
Is this paintable?
What are the Dimensions of the inside (floor)? I am looking to see if I can find a plastic tray liner in case of accidents
I have a 5 lb maltese 16 week old puppy who may reach max 12-13 lbs. Small or Large are the two available options ,wud a small be ok?
I have no shade in my yard in Arizona. How well is the insulation to keep it cool inside? Could I add insulation?
Would the small or large size be better for a new cage for a 6 lb rabbit?
Is the receiver unit suitable and hardy for use outdoors, in weather, etc? What about in a fairly rainy climate?
For the Transmitter can it be pluged inside the house and still work from inside my home or dose the transmitter have to be outdoors?
is it for dogs 5-6 lbs
Do you need an air pump connected to this Air Stone Diffuser? Or you simply connect the stone with an aire tube and it will work, without electricity?
If I bury it under the gravel, will it float after my goldfish uncover it? If so, any ideas on how to keep it down?
will the standard 3/16 airline tubing fit this?
Is this safe to use with ozone?
does this create super fine bubbles or is there something better out there. Looking for smallest bubble diffuser possible.
is one enough for a ten gallon tank? will it produce enough bubbles?
I have a 55 gallon tank and have a Aqua Clear 70 filter system. How large of a pump do I need to use on this item?
My dog stands 24" to shoulders but is only 80 lbs. Is this door too large for her? Could we get by with a smaller one?
My sliding glass door is 94" in height and 1 1/4" thick would this work? I have a Doberman and a Yorkie, will the Yorkie be able to get out as well?
Is this a full sized door or just a half door for sliding door? I can't tell from the pictures, thanks.
Will this door fit into a vinyl slider?
What are the dimentions of the PET DOOR itself?
Does the existing sliding door lock against the pet door?
I have a Giant Schnauzer and an 11 pound miniature Schnauzer, would my miniature be able to open the flap to go in and out?
Will this fit in a 88 inch height
Hi, I have a 150 lb Newfoundland. Would this door allow for him to us it?
I have a 70lb. Boxer and a 4lb chihuahua will they both be able to open the flap to go out?
Can this be mounted outside the cage with the nozzle inside?
Any ideas on how we could use this without a crate? We have a dog with megaesophagus and he needs to have his water held high while drinking
Does 'all weather' mean it will not freeze up during the cold winters for an outside animal cage?
How can you clean the inside of this?
What are the dimensions of the bottle? Online it says 1"x1"x1" I find that hard to believe for a 64 ounce bottle.
Are replacement parts available? I have several waterers that the plastic tops broke when they froze this past winter. My rabbits also knock them off the mounting hardware and broke the tops.
Why does it say all weather, does it prevent freezing somehow?
does it work for guinea pigs
Is this a good filter for a 5.5 gal Betta tank?
can you add charcoal?
1) How often does it need replacing in a 10 gallon tank? 2) From the image, I can't tell where the airline tube connects to this filter? Thanks!
Should the media/pads be set up the other way, so everything is first pulled through the larger spaces and exit through the fine pad last?
What is the flow rate or GPH for this filter?
can someone give me the size in inches, specifically the height of the box portion. Need to use it in a shallow 4-5" deep pond
Is it supposed to be so loud
Can I attach an air stone to the air outlet?
What else do I need to use this item? Do I need some kind of pump? Sorry, newbie here :-)
What is the size how much space does it take?
what is the difference between the different "blades" and "combs". Which do I need?
use instead of or with different sized blades???
Do these fit the fast feed clipper
Any idea if this fits the Oster 610 Clipmaster?
Do these blades fit on the TITAN?
Do these combs fit the Oster Classic 76?
Do these combs fit the Oster A6 ?
Will these fit on an Andis acg 2?
Does it work with an ANDIS razor?
Can I use these combs with a size 50 blade?
I have a 55 gal. tank what size heater do I need
what size heater do i need for a 300 gallon tank.
does this heater shut off when temperature gets hotter from what you set it to ?? and does it automatically comes on when water gets to cold ,meaning
Is a 300 watt okay for 40 gallon tank?
is there a warranty for this product?
i want to put it in a 5 gallon bucket to keep the water for my chickens from freezeing will it work?
will it work with a 125 gal tank in a garage. temp get in the mid 30,s
So I was thinking of sticking this in my sump tank so the water doesn't freeze. Thoughts?
how long is it?
will it take care of a 300 gal tank if not what size do I need
Works great fully submerged horizontally. My concern is when I went to move it, it burnt me. Anyone had trouble with snails or fish getting burned? Is this normal for heaters?
What is the height of this heater? The specs say 10.7"...BUT it says it needs to be fully submersed. I have a small 10 gallon tank, and the water line will probably be at 10 3/4". Is this heater too tall for my tank?
how many gallons tank is this heater going to heat up?
Will this work for a 1.1 gallon tank?
how does this distribute heat around the tank? i am worried that the area near the heater will be much warmer than the rest of the tank.
Why does the product info on amazon indicate a "water level line" if it's fully submersible?
I just bought this heater. Does it only turn the on button when it is heating up the tank? Or is the light always on when you plug it?
Can this be used for an outdoor small tank/pond?
can i set a temperature to a certain degree ( that I want my tank to be ) and will it maintain for me ? or do i have to keep turning it on and off?
Would this work for an aquatic turtle terrarium?
I have a 60 gallon tank. Is this going to heat it thoroughly?
will this work with a 40 gallon tank that has 20 gallons of water in it?
How long is the power cord on this model
What is the temperature range? I don't see it anywhere in product info
I live in a very cold area and I need a heater that will keep my 20 gallon aquarium warm? Will this heater be too much for a 20 gal?
Has anyone plugged this into a power strip? (The directions say not to, but I'm sure they have to say that to cover themselves)
can it be laid flat
I just ordered this and the built in thermometer does not seem to show temp. Is something wrong? Also barely heating a 30 gallon to 79-80
Is it durable/suitable for a turtle? I've had a turtle break the glass heater before...
is that exactly 1 inches diameter of the glass part?
How many oz in lg size
Where are these bowls made?
How well does the non-skid bottom work? I see there are also conventional shaped dishes with anti-skid from same manufacturer.
how well does the non-skid bottom work when used as feed bowls for large dogs? Surface is wood floor.
How much water will the large bowl hold?
How many are in a bag? And how many do you need to give at a time? Couldn't see that on the package when I enlarged it.
is there measurements for Toy dogs
How soft are these treats? My dog doesn't have any teeth. He has no problem with the texture of Greenie's pill pockets.
Are these treats made in the USA?
how big is it in comparison to a boxer or any other medium to large sized dog? I have a 32lb Australian Shepherd who would love this bed.
Is there a removable (and thus washable) cover on the mattress?
this comes with dog bed beside the frame right
My dog can be a bit of a chewer at times. Has anyone had issues with the dog chewing the bed? Is it durable?
is the product dimension of 23.2 x 34.4 inches measured inside or outside the frame. Is 10.2" height up to top of frame?
I have a 80 pound golden retriever , will this pet bed fit her or should i go a size up!?
I can't tell what color it is. I'm looking for black
I have a beagle/boxer mix who is 45 lbs. She's taller than a beagle, but not as tall as a boxer. Would a large bed be big enough for her?
What color is the bed frame?
Will it work on a puppy? 5 month old german shepherd
My Mastiff measures a comfortable 23"However I am concerned if it will actually fit properly. Any input would be greatly appreciated.
I want to buy this for my female puppies. however, I am not sure what size to buy. My puppies are about 40lbs. What size should I buy? Also since the cost is so high I want to make sure I get the right one that would grow with them.
What are the dimensions around the neck?
We have 8 months old golden retriever. What is the right age to buy the collar? Her neck dimension is 19" .
Does this work on the same principal as a gentle leader?
can this be opened to replace the catnip with fresh
Do you get all three in the order or is it for one? Sorry if it is listed but I didn't see it. Thank youK. Rogers
Can you wash these?
Can I order one of each color or do you just pick?
What size are they?
How big is this toy?
Is the toy washable (i.e., will it withstand washing in the washer and still be usable)?
Is this a velcro closure? I had one and once it got cat nip on the velcro it would not close again.
Is it big enough that it won't fit under a refrigerator, stove, sofa, etc. My other cat toys love these places, maybe to plan their escape?
Is it made in the USA?
In the picture it didn't look like it had any stuffing in it, Does it?
Does it come with extra catnip to add?
Would this be ok to put in a 5 gal tank?
does this need a powerhead ??
I am worried about killing good bacteria in my 55 gallon... I know this is for a smaller tank, would this help a 55 gallon?
Is this good for a 10 gallon aqueon tank and ok to use with filter ?
is this product compatible with singapore power 220v?
Where do you buy replacement bulbs--the red light is now off and the walls of the tank have algae growth again. Thank you...
Would this be good for a 10 Gallon Tank. We are in the process of getting rid of Ich. The box of tabs we have suggests UV Sterilizer.
Is this product shrimp safe? would I need to protect baby shrimp from getting sucked in?
Is this product compatible with U.S plugs (120v)
The red LED is on, but I have no other evidence the UV bulb is actually on. I expected to see some UV light escaping, but dark as can be. Ideas??
What is the effective range
What is in it? Is it a chemical?
My dog whines and barks while travelling in the car would the spray help to stop this ?
Will this work with a usually good dog who is nipping at the newly mobile toddler in the house?
Can the bottle be refilled?
I have two dogs that fight. Would this work?
pet corrector difference: What is the difference in using Pet Corrector vs.
Will the 200 ml. size fit in the carrying/holster case advertised on Amazon?
Will this Pet Corrector work to keep my dog from jumping over the wall and onto the beach to chase birds or anything that could be dangerous?
Can you use this with cats?
I will need to leave new puppy in pen while at work. Will the canvas bottom leak on to carpeting if he misses potty mat?
My puppy is teething and Chews on everything. Is it easy to chew a hole in this product? Thank you!
We're moving with 2 large cats. Is it possible to attach one of these to a steel cage to give an additional 'room' to move about in while travelling?
Would this fit in a typical van? I'm moving with 3 cats by car on a 14-hour drive.
Can you leave the bottom off for outside use just set up on grass??
Would this work as a brooder for baby chicks?
What are the dimensions when folded up? I am wanting to use this for travel and want to see how much space it will take up in my suitcase.
Does this hold up better than the velcroe dog pens? Our Cavalier (15 pounds) started to pull the bottom mats off and lifitng the bottom up
I bought this palying pan last year, the zipper from the top is broke. Anyone know how to get replacement parts?
is this great for a jack russell terrier puppy hes only 11 weeks old and i cant seem to keep him out of trouble
Is this good for heavier cats? I adopted a cat today and he is probably 15 lbs, he's got a tummy!
Is the fabric black or brown?ii.
Is the fabric black or brown?ii.
Where was this product manufactured?
When assembling, is it possible to choose in which direction the cubby opening and the sky perch are facing?
Is the color of the sisal wrap white or tan?
How wide is the hole on the third level?
How far ahead are the expiration dates on these? I'd like to buy a 3-pack but wonder if I'll have enough time to use them before expiration.
Does it really prevent kittens from scratching furniture?
can I spray on carpets without damage or discoloration?
what is the expiration dates on this product?
Can the spray bottle be opened? I'd like to dilute the solution further and want to know if it's sealed completely. Thanks!
Will this keep my cat from biting and scratching me when she wants to play?
How often must this be applied? I see in comments from once a day to once a month, which is it?
can this help if the cat is defecating outside the box? She is healthy 9 nine old that just started this.
Is this a real capsule? Or is it something that a cat will think tastes good so she'll eat it
Do you have to sprinkle it on food? Cant you just pop the whole capsule into the mouth? Would it be ineffective if it is done this way?
Just to be sure, is this 4 packs of 80 capsules each?
what is the expiration date?
Is this product made in China? Where is it manufactured?
Is this actually 4 bottles of 80 count? I got a "6 pack" of another item once, and they only sent me one. Any guarantee?
Can anyone confirm that they ordered these and actually received the chicken &amp; tuna flavored ones? My cat won't eat the unflavored ones.
What is the expiry date? (Since the last answer was 2 years ago)
New expiration date please?
I see no msm. Does it still work without it?
is this good for small birds
I have a small maltese, will this work on him? he sits pretty good even when cut his nails..?
Does this trim nails as fast as the Dremel made for dogs?
Does this trim the nail very fast? This is key with my dog as she won't sit still very long, it's either this or a Dremel?
Is there a control knob that I can use to turn up or down the airflow from my air pump?
Can I use it to convert one air pump output into two air output?
How often do these filters need to be cleaned or replaced when used 24/7 indoors?
Can these be used underwater, or do they only split different lines to go into the water?
What tube size do they suit?
Want to hook it up to a power head; a Hagen. Does it accept the powerhead?
What size tank will this filter (max gallons) for a 4 1/2 inch like this?
How do you hook the air line to the filter? At the top connection? There appears to be no connection at the base of the filter.
does this hook up on a air pump
If I use this for my new tank, other than having a heater do I need anything else? My current tank has water pump &amp; carbon filter. Do I need those?
Will I have to modify this for my 100 gallon? My aquarium water sits at about... 18 inches tall.
Can I use this with a 10 gallon fish tank? Thanks!
Will this one properly work in a 40 gallon tank? Also, what kind of air pump is best? Amazon is recommending the tetra 10 gallon whisper pump.
i am building a bait tank and was thinking about using 2 or 3 of these.Do you think it could handle the load of many baitfish
This sponge filter does not need an air stone?
Does this hold up?
how tall is the post?
is the post made out of plastic or wood? how is the sisal twin attached to the post?
how tall is it?
what's the diameter of the post?
can the toy be replaced with a diffrent one u can buy or is it the only toy it can be with ?
is the base Sisal also? I had one, and my cats have worn it out, but it took years to do...
What color(s) are available? May I choose?
how tall is it?
How does the top part (rounded part) hold up? Has anyone replaced toy? can you? says 'snap in'.
What is the max amount of food that this will hold?
The kibble I feed is very small - tip of pencil eraser sized. Will the sizing allow kibble this size to flow slowly enough to be a challenge? Thnx
IS this made of or have any parts made of rubber?
Can you regulate the amount of food that comes out and does it role?
This is made of hard plastic. Does it scratch hardwood floors when the dog plays with it to retrieve the food?
Does it come in different colors?
Using one remote with 2 collars, are there 2 buttons on the remote to activate each collar individually?
Does this automatically shock/vibrate when a dog barks or do you always have to manually do it with a button on the remote?
does this work automatically if you are not home or do you have to manually operate this
How good does it work?
Can you order according to size of dog?
Does this unit have a "sleep mode" my other one does but your able to also put in on the always on mode. I dont like it shutting off on me until he mo
I need to know what the ingredients are in this product.
my container looks differently... is this a new look and old look, what is the exp date?
large dogs
were are they made?
Where is the filtration system?
If I wanted to add a heater (Tetra HT10), is there a spot in the glass top for the cord to go through so it can be plugged in? Be kind, new at this :)
I assume this price is for the lastest and greatest tank and newer light???
Where can you buy the 6 led overhead light?
I have a Betta as well and I would care to know how strong is the current from this filter. If it's strong are there any solutions to calm it?
Does this come with a lid?
So this doesn't specifically say that it is for saltwater, but given the name of the seller I assume it is? I am looking to start a small nanoreef.
Lid: Does this fish tank have a lid?
I have this tank and I love it, but I burnt out two different timers that I used with the LED lights. Do you use a timer and what kind/rating is it?
I want to put this pretty tank in my kitchen. I have a very long counter. How many fish do you recommend in this tank? I would like to put at least 4.
Do I Have to pay for a GPS subscription in order to track?
can this alert you without looking at the screen when your dog reaches a boundary
im in search and rescue. i need to show what the dog is doing and wear the dog has been as quickley as possible
is this like the garmin tt10 where it has the shock and gps or is it a noise trainer. I have some very stubborn huskies and am looking at updgrading
Can you use the correction part of the collar for the 7 miles as well or only the tracker?
I live in canada, and this product is available on canadian sites. On the description though, it says for use in USA only. Has anyone in canada tried?
divider included on this price?
How wide are the gaps?
Can you change the configuration of the doors?
Is this cage approved to go on an airplane to transport a dog?
What are the dimensions? Is 29 W, 32 L and 48 H ?
What gauge is the metal wire?
How wide is the spacing between the bars?
How wide and tall is the crate?
Shouldn't the depth of this cage be 42" as its a 42" cage? It is marked as: 24''-48'' H x 23''-32'' W x 20''-29'' D
to the one who uses it outside, does it rust?
Is it really 2 feet tall? The pictures look like 4 feet plus, like there's a husky in it, those are big dogs, I'm so confused
Does it have to be used fully enclosed or could it be freestanding? Would like to position across my driveway if possible to keep kids away from road.
Can anyone tell me the diameter of this pen when it is set up? How much floor space does it use?
How big are the holes? And what cover mat/cover would work best for this one?
can i use two to lean against the inside of my 2 car garage when i am working in it?? my bebes are 7 and 9 pounds thks
Can I put it on top of cement?
Dogs jump against sides and move it out of position. Anyone have suggestions? This is for indoor use only.
If I want to buy a waterproof cover for under this, do you know what size I'd buy??
Can this be used with dwarf rabbits, or would they be able to fit through the bars?
I'm confused by the measurements. When this is assembled as it is in the picture, what is the diameter? TIA
Can it be set up as an octagon
Can I buy two and put them together to make one big one? I plan on having 1 rabbit.
Would this work for a Golden Retriver puppy?
Can you remove some panels to make it smaller? I like the option of having it bigger for outdoors, but need it a little smaller when it's indoors.
Does it come apart so it could be used across a driveway. I have two small dogs who can slip under our driveway fence.
I brought this for my cockapoo puppy but I'm a little confused on the 8 silver mental clamps? What are these things used for? How do I use them?
I have two pit puppies, want to leave them outdoors at times during the day with piece of mind. Do you have higher panels? and after its spiked to the
Is there anyway to buy more of the clips?
How big is the mesh? Meaning I want to know how small of an animal could be contained without being able to squeeze out?
What is the length of each set of contact points..
Can this be used with Petsafe Ultralight PUL-275? I have Pomeranian &amp; her fur is too thick for standard contacts.
What is the length of the longer prongs- tip to tip
Are these contact points compatible with Yardmax collars?
will this work on pet safe rechargable bark collar? and pet safe elite big dogs?
Will these prongs work for an Invisible Fence brand receiver?
will these ultra light prongs or contacts work for the wireless unit
Does Ultralight mean light weight? I have a small dog and the collars seem so big and heavy.
Can someone please post the entire ingredient list? I have an extremely sensitive rescue cat, and she is sensitive to even non-grain ingredients.
How many days will this feed a 10 pound cat? (I'm trying to figure out how much it would cost to switch my cats to this?)
approximately how many servings are in the 12 oz bag for an average cat?
how many 12 oz packs come in an order?
I have a 20 pound black cat (not overweight--he's just a BIIIIIG cat). How long would a bag of this last him?
What is the carbohydrate percentage of this product?
Does this product tell you what the re-constitution ratio is? Can someone who uses this food tell me what the ratio is?
Are the pieces easy to cut or break apart for serving dry?
Is this appropriate food for kittens (6 months)?
rehydration: What is the number of pieces to water ratio for rehydration?
Do I have this correct? One pouch = 1.5 days of food - costing about $26 for that? That's about $500 a month for cat food. Am I figuring right?
I like to give my kitty's freeze dried treats.. will this work for that? I don't see you having "treats"? Freeze dried I think = "healthy" treats!
how many bags per order?
Is this Menadione-free?
HI! My cat currently eats one can of wet food in the AM, and one in the PM (the small size) About how many servings would the 12 oz pouch be? Tx!
Would these fit Wahl 9484-300U clip
Do these fit the Wahl Bravura cord/cordless clipper?
This is for the ARCO SE correct?
Does this snap on adaptors works with blade 30,4,10 and 7 for WAHL KM5?
Does the storage stand come with this item?
will these fit the bravmini?
Hello! Does work this device from 220 volts? There is an adaptor in case?
I have a Moser by WAHL model # 8780, made in Germany, with a large blade; 47mm wide and 42mm length, would this fit it?
The Wahl 3390-100 set I just received do not fit my Wahl cordless lithium Bravura. Does the 3379 set fit this clipper?
Does it really make such a difference if I set the 5 in 1 blade to 30? What would happen if set to a 15 or 10? (I have 3 Standard Poodles) Thanks!!
Can dome lights be used on the top or do you have to purchase the Exo Terra light canopy? And where can I find the 36in canopy? Thanks.
What kind of stand is best for this terrarium &amp; is tipping a problem?
would this enclosure be suitable for chameleons?
Will I be getting the bark-ish look'n background as show in the photo? Or will this still come with the styrofoam "Rock" background?
Now that Amazon is selling these again will they be packing them better so fewer arrive broken?
Is the lighting fixture with the two tube fluorescents or the one with the four compact fluorescents better for my juvenile Chinese Water Dragon housed in a 36x18x36 terrarium?
Which is a better Compact Top for this terrarium? The Compact fluorescent or the dual fluorescent tube one with the two halogen heat bulbs?
Are you reviewing this item for Prime Status because so many arrive broken?
I am new to the whole tank buying process and this would be my first purchase, so I need clarification on something. I am trying to understand if this or any of the other Zoo Med (front opening) terrariums are suitable as a permanent home for my RES...
how well does this hold humidity? Will it stay at around 85% humidity without any special misters or fogger as long as u have water in the bottom?
The pictures look like it chops off the outer fur, not just the undercoat. I have 2 long haired dogs and just want to thin their undercoats, not shave them. Comments?
I have an Exotic Shorthair cat, which ShedMonster would you recommend?
My long haired cat, Bart, has severely matted fur. Will this help him?
how do you clean the hair out of the blade when your done ?
Has anyone used this on a German Wirehaired Pointer (or similar like a Wirehaired Pointing Griffon)? How did it work? Which version did you use?
Can this be used for long haired cats?
Which ShedMonster is best for an under 10 lb Ragdoll w/med length fur on neck &amp; back; &amp; 4" long belly/under arm &amp; leg fur?
Are these made in the USA?
The box does not come with separators.How can l tell the difference between the lamb flavored and chicken flavored biscuits ?
Are all the ingredients produced in America?
How easy is it to clean the bowl? How long is the cord on the 1 quart model?
Can this be used outside, not in a shed or garage, but outside-outside?
Will the bowl keep the water warmer even when the outside temps are above freezing?
Will it burn out if left empty?
No directions in box (wasn't sure if this was the norm.) Should I feel any heat coming from the bottom of the bowl?
What is the approximate diameter of the bowl?
Does the cord disconnect from the bowl? It would be easier to clean this way.
The tag says not to use it with extension cords. It has a short cord, so it would be useless without them. What's the problem with extension cords?
What about if the bowl runs dry? Will there be any problems with it overheating or anything like that? I'm not there to monitor it during the day, and there are lots of feral cats who need water.
Has anyone used this for hens?
Is this accurate in salt water too?
I have used this for over 20 years. This is the first time that the chart was stuck, I need that chart!Do you have just the chart??Old one is no good
I would like to buy in bulk. Do you have at least 40 containers?
What is expiration date? I bought some before and it had only 1 month left.
Are these test strips good for outdoor ponds also?
Does the container cap must be sealed?
what is the expiration date?
What percentage of protein is in this?
I have recently found out that my little red eyed dwarf hamster (she is a Campbells hybrid) has diabetes. Would this be a good food to switch her to?
How long does this product last sealed in storage?
What should i do if my hamster doesn't feel like eating this product?
Is this product essential hamster diet?
how long does this last for hamsters?
Are these safe?
My 70# pit ate the large in 2 days but clearly LOVED it. What do you suggest I get that could last longer? She really loved it.
Have 20 pound terrier mix 9 month old. Chews like crazy, destroys all toys, nylabones etc. what size do u recommend for strong chewer?
Are these split antlers or the whole antler? My dog chewed her last split antler into a tiny pieces in less than a day...
does this product come in brand packaging with nutrition facts or are they sold as other brands whoever is selling them?
Do they have an odor to them?
does it come in xlarge?
So I've read the medium sized ones are rather small, and best value are these large one. Is it possible for me to break this in half for my 16lb dog.
Is the size as advertised?
The picture for this product shows an eleven inch antler, but the product dimensions only say seven. Which is correct?
Does this antler have marrow in the middle? Cannot see the center of the antler. The 7" to 10" antler for $15.99 shows the marrow in the picture.
Does it wear down or break into pieces?
is this antler sawed in half the description and pic shows a whole antler not one sawed in half.
Is it coated in something? The picture above appears dark in color as if it has a flavoring on it.
Do you have an option of choosing them to be whole vs split?
Is this a stick?
Since I'm buying 6 tubes of these.... what is the expiration date - will they not expire till consumed by my cat?
Can this product be used with kittens (3-4 months)? I can see there is a Kitten product but I am interested in the 6-Pack.
Is this product tuna flavored?
Is the temperature adjustable?
Can the ViaAqua Glass Submersible heater be mounted horizontally?
Is there a manual setting? I will be using this for a sous vide cooker that requires temps in the 130's - 190's F. The water will already be hot.
how tall is it
I do not have a GFCI. Can I plug it into a regular wall outlet?
Is this heater very loud?
Will this work for a 10 or 20 gallon tank
Can anyone tell me if these can be placed submerged in a horizontal rather than upright position?
How tall is it really? Need to know ho tall. Dont care about diameter. Top to bottom of the unit.PLEASE!
Can I use this in a turtle tank that has only a couple of inches of water?
Is the XL size really 13.5 x 15.4 inches?
Has anybody used these pads in their vehicles? How long did they last?
I am in Texas and work with a rescue group, we have adoptions events even through summer. Will this help cool them outside?
How do you use the product? It talks about soaking?
For anyone who owns this crate, what type of vehicle are you using in it?
Will this be approved by the airlines for a pit bull puppy,60 lbs?
Will this fit in the cargo of a 2006 Jeep Gran Cherokee
Are the slots big enough for a flexible dog to squeeze through? She's a Whippet.
I have an escape-artist Border Collie. Will she be able to chew through the MDF panels?
What size pen would a need for a bichon puppy -- grown weight will be 10-13 pounds
Does this pen hold up to an active dog on inside and an active dog on the outside pushing against it? This is scenario I would try to avoid, but if it happens?.....Our terrier would be in one for a couple hrs. at a time while visiting relative with...
What type of material is the screen made of? Is it scratch proof like some screening material sold? For a semi-feral cat with kittens.
What is the largest dog this will hold? I have a 48lb boxer who is having CCL surgery and need something safe for her to be in away from my other dogs
Weird question...Would this product work for a lizard?
Is it big enough for a mamma cat and three kittens and a litter box? I need to keep them confined outdoors for a while.
Can this pen be folded with the bottom zippered on or do you have to unzip it every time you fold it up?
what is the quality of the zippers? I bought a similar tent from BestPet and the zipper to the side door broke in 2 days.
Does it have a waterproof TOP ? I'd like to leave a pet outside, and wouldn't want him to get wet if there is a shower...thank you!
I will be using the standard shipping for this dog play pen 38" tent. Will I have it by next Wednesday, May 22nd? Thanks
There is a picture uploaded of this pool 'underground'. How would you do this??
What are the demensions of the the pool?
Can this product withstand scratching and clawing of the bottom as well as chewing by a 60 pound pit mix
What color bone pool is available I am looking for the tan color
The cover for this dog pool is kind of pricey. Is it easy to cover with a tarp or has anyone come up with an alternative cover? Thanks! lpadron
I have a 100 pound Malamute. Do you think she would fit in this size pool ok?
Would this be suitable to fill with cat litter for a super large litter box?
Is this pool good for small dogs .i have 4 dogs weighing 8 lbs- 15 ibs. Concerned about height.
How do I designate what color I want?
Any idea when the white bone pool will be available to ship?
Would you please tell me the dimensions of the Paw Pool? Is the size suitable for a 25" long, nose to tail dog who is 17 lbs? Thank you.
I see the dimensions. I believe it would suit my purpose. However, when you say that it is 38 inches across, where on the pool is that measured?
Why is this one half the cost of the bone-shaped pool?
What are detentions?
I own 2 maltese terriers - one is 18lb and the other is 11lb. Would they both fit in this stroller comfortably???
Is this a heavy stroller? How much does it weigh?
What are the wheels made of? Plastic? Rubber?
Weight limit says 75 lb. Anybody have the sense that a 40lb poodle would fit rather than multiple small dogs?
I can't get the rear (big) wheels to pop onto the metal stick, I put all my weight on it and it won't click into place, ideas?
would a 52 pound aussie built dog fit ok? How does this compare to large doggyride and Burley tail?
Does it have suspension? Has anyone used it for running?
Has anyone dealt with a stuck zipper? One side of front opening has stuck zipper. It is stuck at the top. Thanks for any advice
Is the handlebar in a good angle when jogging? Seems it is in an upright positio
Is this stroller suitable for a 17lb cat as well?
Which model is this if I want to buy an add-on unit? Thanks :)
For the top pan, is there wire all along the underneath of it? As in, will it bow when my chinchilla sits on it or is there some support underneath it
Are the ramps solid so that the ferret's feet don't get caught?
is this two units
Will you ship to Alaska for an additional cost?
Would this cage be ok for a sugar glider?
Is it possible to put two of these double unit cages side by side, removing the walls to make it twice as long or do they only stack up?
does it come with top layer and bottom?
Can this cage be taken apart once it's put together? I'm concerned about how well it'll hold up when I have to take it apart to move to a new place.
what is the bar spaceing is it 1/2 an inch
Is this good for two female rats? What is the size of the wire spacing?
can i add on to this later?
Do you ship to Australia?
Would this cage be appropriate for a Rabbit?
Is this a good cage for two 8 month old rats? Will they squeeze out of the bars? Thanks!
do you deliver to the united kingdom, if so how much for postage?
Are the cage wheels removable?
How long until you can notice better breath, My dog started 2 days ago
Is this product approved by the veterinary oral health organization?
my dog only has 4 teeth bad breath can i use this product?
How long will one bottle last?? Buying two.
Are there artificial/synthetic dyes and colorings in this product? Thank you.
how much do you put in a 8oz water dish?
I bought the Tropiclean FB Plaque Remover Pet Water Additive for my Shih Tzu, but he IS NOT drinking his water after I added same into his water.HELP
is this a clear and watery liquid? is it oily?
How well does this work on plaque removal on teeth?
does it has money guarantee if doesn't work
My original unit says it is 36" x 24 " x 39". This add on says the depth is 25" not 24" so how does it fit???
My Single-Layer Critter Nation is Model 161. Is this the correct addon?
can this be used individually or does it have to be an add on?
If you have a double unit all ready, can you add this as a third level?
I have the booth part designed for a ferret but my rabbit loves it. I want to a new level but was wondering what are the dimensions of the opening?
I have a double critter nation cage but I've seen a picture with 3 levels, is this that add on level? Does this have an opening at the bottom and top?
does it come with the 2 units or not
I need the add on for the cage with 1/2" spaced bars, not the larger 1" spacing. What is the spacing of this add on?
How many add-on units is the recommended maximum (assuming you start with the double)?
Is this compatible with the Ferret Nation Habitat Model 181?
Can someone tell me why there are two different boxes for this?I thought the one with the gray cat was an older product but amazon has it on their box
Does this online Frontline have the gold seal of approval on the back top right corner? Vet warned of fake Frontline online.
where is frontline produced?
Is this product for adults AND kittens? I see 6 doses in your description and the box says 3 applicators which is it?
I give my dog two 1000 mg. tablets of Duralactin daily. What is the equivalent in liquid form.
Should the liquid be chunky, like curdled milk?? Or is mine spoiled?
Is the liquid smooth like cream or lumpy?
Will a larger version of this wheelchair work for a Lab' with only one rear leg?
For male dogs, does the strap around the rear cover the private area to prevent the dog from peeing?
My dog is about 25 lbs and measure around 14" from belly to ground, can he use this unit?
I have a toy poodle with front leg issues. Do they make them for front legs? Thanks
I have a 7 pound yorkie. would this be too big for her? Do I need to take measurements or is this adjustable to size?
my cat is 6 lbs. is this too big?
can i please order the harness attacment from you. we orderd the chair and another harness last time. just the harness. please let me know .
Does this wheelchair include the stirrups to hold up the dog's back feet or would I have to buy that separately?
are there any measurments needed before ordering?
Do you have a wheel chair for a dog that is missing a front leg?
Is the bottom removable and if so how?
The colors aren't clear in the picture. Is it trimmed in black? What is the other color, please?
Does it have a zipper top?
Can these be used in aquaclear power filters
How do you use them?
can this work instead of a fillter
do they come in the mesh bags that is pitcured
Do these bio ball sink?
Are these balls filled with catnip?
Are the balls dyed, or painted on?
Where are the balls made? Is the dye non-toxic (our kitties carry their current balls in their mouths all the time)?
Do they roll easily on the floor?
Are the toys covered in real fur or faux fur?
what size is each ball?
Are these hard foam or squishy foam? I'm looking to replace some squishy foam balls that my cats go nuts over. They don't play with hard balls.
what is the diameter?
Do these balls bounce?. My cat loves to play with bouncing balls and bring them back to us&gt;
what is the diameter of these balls? It sounds like a silly question but I don't want them choking my (big 70 pound) dogs....
Have these balls been stored in an air tight bag? They go stale, lose their bounce if they are left out in the air too long (I mean weeks, not hours)
Have they been stored in an airtight bag? If not, they lose their bounce.
Do they have sticker tags on them? If so they are worthless, the tags cannot be taken off without destroying the ball.
Are these raw products? Or are they processed in some way to keep bacteria, viruses and other organisms to a minimum?
is this product from China
Do the bully stixs contain nitrites and/or nitrates?
From what part of the buffalo are these made?
Do you know where these are made?
How long should the collar last before it's rechargeable battery goes bad?
can I add a receiver to this to get a bigger area?
Can you make the diameter less than 180 feet?
How long does the battery charge last?
Hi. Do you need the PIF-300 in order for the Stay and Play to work? Or is it self-contained?
can you use indoors
Will this work from a mobile home?
can you use inside your home
I have a shihtzu puppy... he's just a little guy at 5 lbs. We're in the country and I'm looking for an alternative to tying him out... Is this it?
Will this wireless fence work around an aluminum sided house and pool?
What are the ingredients?
i bought this brand but was the MALT flavor (product 6200 90) wich i can't find anywhere. Can anyone help me find the same flavor?
Is this price for 2x or 1 tube?
Is it waterproof
how large of a dog is this collar for?
There was no chargin cord with the product. I put batteries in and heard the beep. When I test it does not work in the static mode?
Is there any way to order the charger only? My charger cord broke. Thanks
My vibration function of the collar unit stopped working.... looking for a replacement or warranty info
how thick is the collar? 1 in wide; 3/4 in wide?
collar's are fully charged, but will not turn on. What can I do
do we need to purchase batteries?
I have purchased this product and need to replace the charging cord - how do I go about doing this?
only need a new remote it was lost
I have 2 adult cats (9 lbs. and 14 lbs.). Is this structure an apropriat size for adult cats, or only for kittens?
What are the dimensions of the bed on top of the post to the right of the castle?
How tall is the bed part on the sisal post?
Is this good for larger cats or only small cats and kittens???
would anyone mind to put a photo or two? it's hard to find real ones online... thanks!
how many miles does it track to ? 9 miles total or larger ?
does the collar come with a charger?
is this work in china? and does it have the limit distance?
updates a dc40 collar and quit working
can this device be use successful in Europe
is the garmin astro 320 dc 40 and or dc 50 a tracking and shocking system or just a tracking collar?
Can two dog collars work on one tracking device?
Will this work for coon hunting with hounds, or should I get the 220 instead?
Does the Garmin Astro 320 work in Canada?
Is this made syntheticly?
does this have a smell of peppermint to it
Is this an alcohol tinture that's dyed green? Wintergreen oil is not green. What is the concentration of wintergreen?
What size is the bottle?
Put batteries in. Have power in the receiver and remote but no vibration or shock. Seems simple enough but no results. Do you think it's defective?
Anyone remember how long this item took to be delivered? I didnt realize it was being shipped direct from fron China.
WHAT IS THE RANGE
is there anyone that has used a professional type dog collar? I trained bird dogs all my life. Is there anyone that has used this $20 one that can tell me if they are any good ? I am really leery of these.
will this work on a chawauha
How many dogs collars can you operate independently with one remote?
my puppy is 8lb. will it work?
i hav a 5lb toy poodle-will this work?
is it water proof
Could I get two of these to work independently without interference. Would it fit a 12 pound cat?
Is there a reservoir in this like other Drinkwell fountains? Does it hold a decent amount of water?
how many ounces of water does it hold ?
is this fountain new? is it a previously returned item?
How easy is this fountain to clean and how often does it need cleaning (typically)?
Can I buy just the pump?
Can the 25" be cut down for a small dog?
Does the collar kill fleas?
Are the collars waterproof? Can my dogs still swim in the pool with them on without the collars losing their effectiveness?
Can my dog swim with Virbac collar? Thanks!
are these 2 collars individually wrapped?
are these 2 collars individually wrapped?
What color is the collar?
Are they appropriate for indoor dogs that are around a lot of kids
What is the maximum dog weight for these collars.
Can I use it on my 14 lbs GSD?
this might be a dumb question, but do you hook a lead to the vest or do you have to buy a collar too?
How many "D" rings are there to attach the lead? Would this fit a rottweilier ? Thanks all.
Will this harness fit a dog neck size 17 chest 27 length 21 from neck to base of tail?
What size dogs would this fit?
Will this harness fit a large 120lb+ Akita (thick coat)?
does it come with chest plate?
Is it comes with the new GT Cobra buckle?
Is the only place to attach a leash to the harness at the back?
what size is this harness?
So I can take this into the water? (Ocean or the Pool?)
Is this waterproof?
Would this fit a 23-pound beagle?
How do you adjust down (on the velcro side) the size to fit a smaller GSD pup (7mos) ?
What is the difference between this LLC harness and the Ultimate Load Bearing harness ?
What size is this?
I just received my harness and looks great...but the staps are about two inches short. Are there larger sizes available???
Would this kind off harness fit a black lab??
HI is this a good harness for a large dog that manages to slip out of other harnesses?
my lab weighs 110 pounds....will xl fit ?
How heavy is the leash clip? I'm considering using this for a cat.
My dog likes to look out BOTH windows :) Is this long enough for him to go from side to side? Thanks!
I have a Honda Fit, will it fit into the seat belts?
Does it fit on a subaru forester
Does it fit a mini cooper?
will the clip fit into and come out of a 2014 Ford Expedition
What is the width of the metal tongue piece that slips in the car seat buckle? Is it 7/8 or 1 inch?
i have a 2005 toyotal matrix will this fit
Will it fit my 2002 Chrysler sending convertible seat belt?
How long do AAA batteries last in this unit?
WIll this work for loud whining?
I have extra pieces in the box, no instruction as to where they go. One pretty big plastic piece with 2 holes in it and a wire running between them.
my dog is 110 lbs, wiil it fit her?
Does this come with a remote?
what size are they?
my dog is only 37 pounds - is there a smaller size for this device?
I have a 20 gallon long shrimp tank. The depth is only about 6 inches. How high does this sit? I want to make sure it's submerged fully.
Size of tank? What size of the tank would you recommend this product to be?
are the bubbles too big for a betta ?
can this be used as a pre-filter for an exsisting hang on filter or does it require a power head?
Would this be enough for a 13 gallon tank?
Does it also provide aeration? If not, do I need two air pumps? Or have air stones on the same air line (before or after the filter)?
What's a good filter for a 60 gallon tank? I have whisper 150 pump
Does the pipe supposed to be pointing up?
What other appliances do you need with it?
gallons per hour
What is the protein % in this?
Is this okay for cats, too?
Any idea what the shelf life is? Can't find a manufacture or expiration date on the sprinkles.
For cats too?
is this safety sealed?? ie., foil glued innerseal or plastic wrapped outter seal??
Is it made in america?
Does anyone else have a problem with the basket itself interfering with the brake and speed cables on the front handlebars? Thanks!
How high is the safety cage top? Although my dog is only 12lbs, she is kind of tall. I found a basket 16Lx11w x 8H but she needs another 4 or 5 inches to be able to sit up comfortably, or stand and turn around.
What are the measurements as far as length and width ?
could I use this with another basket?
What are the dimensions of the cage? Length &amp; width
what is the bar spacing for this cage? is it safe for a parakeet?
How big is the gap between the wires?
Is this on caster wheels? If not, would I be able to attach casters easily?
Can you get this through a standard indoor door frame, if you want to change it from room to room?
What are the dimensions?
Would it be good for lovebirds?
How does this cage hold up in snow &amp; rain? I live in NJ &amp;would like an outside aviary for 2 pigeons. Please answer asap, thanks.
How weather proof is this cage?
Could I use this for a green cheek conure? It likes to chew and I want to be sure the wood and metal are safe, and that it couldnt chew its way out.
Could I use this cage for Love birds?
New male husky. Length = 33" (not including tail) Height = 28" He's currently 44lbs. 36"L or 42"L crate? Measuring points to 42" but seems too big..
Anyone know what this weighs? Description says 59.8 lbs shipping weight, but that can't possibly be right, can it? Women wouldn't be able to lift it.
Where can I find a crate cover for the 42in? The dimensions are different than most this on this 43x29 and most others are 42x28
airline approved?
does this crate come with the plastic pan for the bottom of the crate?
Is this easily folded and transported? Thinking of using it in the back of our van. Thank you!
Does this crate come with a divider
So what is the actual size of the crate? I am planning on putting it in the back seat of my F150 and I only have max 24" from seat to seat.
what is the pan made out of?
howlarge ofa mat do I need under this feeding bowl stand?
When water spills over the sides does it get trapped between the bowl and plastic? I have a lab and she's a messy drinker.
Is the bowl big enough for 2 cups of dry food?
is it too high for a labradoe
What size bowls are these?
How do the stainless bowls hold up? Am interested in good quality stainless
Could these be stacked for storage. We have 3 doodles and the feeding bowls take up so much room.
how big are the bowls?
What's the height? I see dimensions, can't tell which is height
how large are bowls i have 9.5" ceramic bowls, i will a 9.5 inch bowl fit instead of your stainless steel
When you close the door on the crate is there a latch to keep it closed so your pet can't get out?
What are the measurements of this crate? I need one 22w,36L, 24h
What is the bar spacing? I'm looking to use it as a parrot travel cage.
Is a plastic tray included?
is ist big enough for a chbiwuawa thats 8 to 10 lbs?
product: our pets right height cafe feeder - size of the bowls, the depth, how much food it holds ( pint quart etc) and is it sturdy when dog eats?
What is the diameters of the bowls?
so is the product 8in or 18? the title and description say 8in, but the dimensions info says 18 x 25 x 16.1 inches
How many ounces does each bowl hold because they look very small?
Is this 8 Inch dimensions: 8.5" H x 19.38" W x 11.63", Right?
This show 8" but Product Dimensions: 18 x 25 x 16.1 inches ; 1.6 pounds, What's size?
just want to make sure this would be for a med-large dog.
what height is this and what size are the bowls?
How sturdy are the bowls fitted in the stand? Could a crawling baby push the bowls out of the stand from underneath?
Is there a lip where the bowls fit to prevent spilled water from getting underneath the bowl and leaking onto the floor?
How big are the bowls or how much food can it hold?
Is this the Our Pet's Right Height Feeder or another brand? Description confusing.
Does this item come with the bowls?
This is for an outdoor watering station for 12 cats;filter is unnecessary. can is be used w/out it is essential to a proper fit?
Is this BPA free?
I need to go out of town for 3 days, will the water dispense itself as it gets low? Basically, how does this think work?
should there be a rubber ring for around bottle top to hold water in ? mine has no rubber ring-not sure i want to keep it
when I click on the different colors the product looks a bit different. Are they indeed the exact same just different colors?
Does it have a pump on it that you plug in to keep the water moving?
Is this supposed to come with a filter? Mine didn't.
Why is all my water coming out at once? After I set it up all the water filled the bowl instead of just a little at a time.
My cats always knock this over. Any way to prevent this??
Can I get a replacement bottle somehow? I put both base and bottle in dishwasher and apparently the bottle is NOT dishwasher safe, just the base.
Is this made in China?
How often do you need to change the filter?
Does the water sour or spoil?
does it catch a lot of dusts by the end of the day?
How big is the mouth of the water bottle? Is it easy to clean inside the bottle?
I will be setting this on a mat and want to make sure it will fit the depth of it. How long is it at the base?
Are any of the parts dishwasher safe?
Does the bottle screw in to the bottom? My cat knocks off the one I have currently, and I am looking to replace it.
How tall is just the water bottle? It may not fit under my sink faucet.
How hard is it to put the full bottle on the base without water going everywhere?
Does it come with any filters?
Can it be used with and without the filter?
How often do you have to change the filter &amp; where do you buy a filter?
Is the plastic BPA free?
how long does the water supply last during the summer?
What does brushed nickel mean? Not plastic? Is it heavyish?
Would this make a good bird bath?
Can I buy a replacement water bottle? My husband melted it in the dishwasher!!
I didn't receive the one gallon water bottle or a receipt. I assumed it came with it?
does the top of the bowl come off to clean the back part?
It slipped out of my hand, and I broke the black 4 gallon filter bottle cap. Do they sell the cap separately?
What are the dimensions of the bowl?
What filters go with this?
How heavy is this product when it is full?
Can this be used with standard 5-gallon water bottles, those used for water dispensers?
Is the plastic base dishwasher safe?
It is listed as Replendish Waterer 4 Gal Pearl White but it is listed as brushed nickel on the page. What color is it?
where is it made?
How much does the water bowl fill? I bought one similiar to this and only about an inch of water in the bowl, that doesn't seem right to me.
Is this product ok for outdoor use? Durable? Will it rust underneath?
Can it be used without the filter?
is this bpa free ?
i see the packaging dimensions but what are the measurements of the actual bowl set up, how tall, how wide? Thanks.
can this be used outdoors
Does it ever over fill the bowl?
Does anyone have experience with the tiny Argentine Ants? They are a plague here in California. Do these bowls keep them out? Thanks!
Can someone tell me about their experience with cleaning and disinfecting this bowl? Don't want to bring it inside if ants are still in it. Update: I ordered it and even with the food living next to a huge ant colony, the ants have been completely...
What are the actual outside dimensions of the bowl?
Can I specify which colors you would send?
How many cups of dry cat kibble can one bowl hold?
These worked GREAT in Texas for over a year. Moved to San Diego and these are covered in ants every day. What are we doing wrong?
Is there a way to replace the batteries? The ones that come in the balls, do not last very long.
Do these balls have to be on the track to light up, or can the cats swipe at and hit them across the floor?
Are they hard surfaced? Do they make a lot of sound? If yes, maybe someone could point me to some soft/quiet led/illuminated balls for cats?
what makes them flash? what to do when they stop flashing?
Does ball lighten up when simple touch by other object such as glass?
Can this be permanently installed out of doors? I'd like to direct it towards my neighbors dog.
Is the sound could be heard by humans (or only the dog)?
Does the device have an of/off switch or will I have to remove the batteries to shut if off?
do I have to be present to operate this devise
is this easy to use
How big are these vitamins?
Can dog under 10lb use this product?
Is this product made in the USA?
Can anyone tell me how many chews are in a 6 ounce pack. Thanks.
My husband is setting up a saltwater tank and was thinking of getting this for him but am not sure if I need to get something else to make this work?
is the 500 gph combined or per pump..
Is it bivolt?
can I use this in my 55 gallon fish tank?
Did anyone else experience a 5 degree difference between heater temperature and thermometer? Anyway to collaborate?
can it be used on 240v in uk
can i use this for my aquatic turtle? he's i n a 55 gallon tank. does it require that it be used with a gfi?
i just want to be sure i hooked it up right themulti lights arent bubbling do i have the tubes connected incorrectly?
what size filters for Tetra 3 gallon
Can another filter be put in if chosen, I have one I like. Also does this have a lid, sturdy? holes?
Is the aquarium glass or acrylic?
Can someone measure the minimum depth for a shelf to fit this?
does it have an overhead light
Can you use the filter without the lights?
Do you recommend to purchase live plants or silk plants for this tank? Do the live plants make the tank much dirtier?
I am interested in purchasing this fish tank for my betta. How many pounds of gravel do you recommend to buy?
how is this powered?
What are the dimensions on the compartment where the litter box goes? What are the dimensions on the compartment where the the scoop gets hung?
How big is the inside WITH the divider? How big is the inside WITHOUT the divider?
Can the entrance for the cat be placed on either side?
what are the dimensions ?
We have 2 cats. One weighs 28 lb -- I'm wondering if he could use this litter box, if we get it, should we remove the inner wall to accommodate him?
Can I use the scoop free self cleaning litterbox which measures 27.5 x 19 x 7 with this enclosure? Will it fit inside the litter box area?
Will the "Scoopfree" automatic cleaning litterbox fit inside this? Has anyone tried to put the self cleaning litter boxes inside? I wonder if the litter box I have is too big - its 27.5 x 19
What size litter pan works best with this?
I have a litter box that is 18" wide and 25" long with high sides, what is the height of this?
Can this be used with 2 cats? Also what litter box with a high backing do you recommend?
Can it be used as a bench? What is the weight capacity?
I have two kittens which may get quite lrg (MC&amp;Ragdoll mix)Are there others out there with lrg cats who use this ok?
How large is the opening? If the inside piece isn't put in, does it affect the strength of the box. I am inheriting a 30 lb cat. Need to keep dog out
Does anyone have a tidy cat's breeze litter box that they use with this enclosure? I believe it will fit (roughly 20"x15") if I don't use the divider
Can someone measure the height of the box without the legs? I want to see if without the legs it will be less than 20 inches in height.
What are the dimensions of the inside (litterbox) part of the Catbox? I want to go ahead and order a litterbox that will fit inside.
Are the feet optional, as in do they come unattached, and I can choose not to add them? I have a disabled cat that may not be able to step that high.
Does an automated littermaid litterbox fit
Is the insert removable? I have a scoopfree litter box and do not want to bother with moving the 4 litter boxes I have everytime we have a showing.
Will a Scoop Free litter box fit inside?
What kind of wood is used. Is it waterproofed?
Do you ship outside EU ? How much for the shipping pls ? Thanks in advanced
Can the box be used without the inner divider?
does the top swing open for easy cleaning from above?
What are the dimensions of this catbox?
Does anyone know if the litter genie will fit inside of this box?
Can that 3-sided railing part of the lid be removed?
How large is the opening into the enclosure? My cat is pretty large and I'm afraid he won't fit.
Has anyone tried to use this with the SmartScoop Automatic Litter Box, Green version with no ramp? I hope it fits, I just ordered both!
What are the dimensions of the cat litter box?
What is the size of Elmer the Elephant
Hi I am going to be purchasing this for mpitbull and also the bradiz Kong pig hpw durable are these? she plays rough I want to make sure it will last
Do these come with extra squeaker?
Where is this toy made?
where is it made?
Where are they made?
Does it squeak???
Is it machine washable?
Will I receive the moose or is it one of many?
What size is the moose?
our dog is a puppy chewer and nothing last. Will the moose last alligator sharp teeth. She is only 15 weeks but KONG toys are the only survivors
Does this toy hold up well with aggressive chewers
Is the squeaker removable?
is there just one squeaker or a few in the toy?
made in usa?
are these made in the US?
I am looking for the some product but made in usa
is this made in the usa
Is it made in China?
How mutch can it hold before the suction cups rip off(unsuck)?
My cats like to chew on "strings". Will these strings hold up?
can it be mounted on open windows
We recieved this yesterday and can not make it stay on window. Suction cups keep coming off.
so how do you put this thing together? I can't figure out how to attach the suction cups to the plastic cables (or whatever they are).
I cannot get the suction cups to stick to my window. Any hints??
What do you do with that "flap" of material at the back edge, near the window? It just doesn't feel "secure" enough for me. Is yours "loose"?
what size window does it fit?
How much weight will it bear?
I have 11 lb miniature Poodle that just loves watching the window...you think it can work for dogs to?
do you think it would be a good size for three guinea pigs?
Could you tell me the actual width at the bottom of this cage as it appears narrower at the very bottom?
Is this large enough for two guinea pigs, or should I go up to the x-large?
What is the best bedding for a rabbit in this cage? I have a Holland lop and he doesn't seem to like the bedding I bought.Suggestions?
Can you tell me how far apart the bars are? This would be for a hamster and they need to be closely spaced. Thanks
Can the top piece/door be removed? Also, can the gray shelf be moved around?
I have a young holland lop, would this be a good size for her?
How much space between wires???
Hi ! I was wondering if this cage is safe for an active Syrian hamster ?
Hi, is this cage good for 2 male dumbo rats? Thanks :)
Would this cage work for a large syrian hamster?
im getting a guinea pig will a igloo fit in the cage with the gray ledge
My daughter has a large fancy rat. Would this cage be appropriate? Or are the bars too far apart?
can guinea pigs fit under the gray thing
I have been told that my rabbit needs a wire floor. Does this cage have a wire floor?
Hi. Could hamsters get through the bars on this? It's hard to find a 30 inch hamster cage! Hoping this might work. Thank you!
Does the cages come apart for easy cleaning?
hi there...i'm getting a mini lop, and was wondering if the standard would be ok as a night time cage?
Does the cage come apart for easy cleaning?
im getting a guinea pig is this cage/size better for guinea pigs or rabbits
I'm assuming this is a powder. Has anyone tried it on leather upholstery and/or poly cushions?
I have used OMG on a urine spot. It took the smell completely out. If I shampoo my carpet will the smell come back after becoming wet?
Can anyone please give me a list of the ingredients? I don't use stuff w/o knowing whats in it. Thx.
It says to leave for 12 to 24 hours. Does that mean that you have to avoid the room you put it in for all that time?
will this work on old, dried urine spots? the stain is gone but the smell remains.
Question? Is this product just a glorified baking soda?
What about old cat urine on sofa? does it eliminate odor, desinfect also?
Has anyone tried this with a turtle? I have a box turtle and am looking for a mat, but am worried she'll be able to eat pieces of it. Thoughts?
is this one piece of fabric
is this one piece of fabric
is this one piece of fabric
is this one piece of fabric
is this one piece of fabric
is it made in china?
Are these packaged in a bottle or push-thru capsules or ??? I have bad hands and a difficult time with some packaging.
What is the difference between Anxitane M &amp; L and Anxitane S
Can this be used for dogs on airline flights?
Does this product require a prescription?
Do they make this product for cats?
Can I cut the large in half for smaller dogs?
My dog weighs 12 lbs.. What size should I get?
how does this product help ? stress from thunder storms
does it take longer than 2 months to take affect
what are the actual dimensions of door?
what size is the flap window for the dog?
How tall is the solid piece at the bottom of the door that the dog steps over? What is the overall width of the door? Thank you!
Can you really lock your sliding glass door with this in place?
Can it be installed on the opposite side? Meaning, the non-sliding part of the door.
Will this work for 90 lb dog?
Does this model have only solid plastic door opening, or does it also have the rubber flap?
Is there a clear plastic sheath I can purchase to take the place of the bown plastic door shown in the picture?
what is the total weight?
height range
Can it be easily and quickly removed
what are the dimensions on the pet door opening and what is the rise? I have a small Yorkie and need the right size.
dose it lock to keep other animals out?
are the installation instructions anywhere on the website? I would like to review them before I order the door. Thank you!
My door is just under 93". Will this work for me?
Hi my sliding door is only 75 inches tall. Does this product fit my sliding door?
Can you still use the door? We use this door a lot to go out back to the pool.
I measured the opening of my slider at 78-79 inches. How adjustable is this thing? Where exactly should I be measuring for accuracy?
Is this the right sized opening for two toy schnauzers...one is 9#'s and one is 14.5#'s ? Thank you!
Can you still lock the door? My sliding door has one of those latches that goes around the outside, not an inside latch.
how big are the wholes? can a regular size chiguagua go through ?
I want to use it at the bottom of a stairway 45" wide placed against a wall on 1 side and in between balusters on the other. will this work?
how wide
how wide does it go?
What size is it?
Can anyone compare this gate to the Etna Pet gate with paw cutouts?
Opened all the way how wide is it? And hight, 24"
I have a 4ft-5ft opening in the doorway that I am trying to use this in do you think it would fit?
how many pounds do the fence weigth
hello, is this one piece or do the panels come apart? i was wondering if i purchased 2 if the panels would fit together. i need a 90 inch gate
does this refill work in a kong naturals incline cat scratcher?
what are the dimensions of the refills? (to make sure they fit my incline scratcher)
Does the "One level" still include 2 replacement pieces?
What is the country of origin for ingredients with this product?
What's up with the pricing? "1 level" is $8.79 and "2 pack" is $32.99???
This is advertised as a 2 pack. But do you receive one package that includes two replacements, or two PACKS of two replacements (total 4)?
What is included? The product description only lists a few things.
can you send it to spain?
can you use this for bearded dragons?
how many green anoles could I put in here? also one of the reviews said if a baby lizard e@ts the sand it might kill it so should I get mat instead of
Could I put a green anole in this set up?
Is the case made of glass?
My dog was using this pad fine she loved it, and suddenly she stopped using it and rather pee inside the house now, can it be a bad odor to it?
Does it have an odor?
My little dog's 14, mostly blind, deaf, arthritic, with little sense of smell. Will he be able to figure out what this is and get in and out of it OK?
Is a 20x30 patch large enough for an American Cocker Spaniel?
Is there something to put the 20 X 30 patch on? Mildew is a problem on my shady patio and I would like to get the patch up off the patio a little.
How to clean the wee wee grass?
how often do u replace grass?
Do you need to put wee wee pads underneath?
Once you pick up several piles, do the piles inside fall out when picking up a new pile??
Curious how you all are "storing" the picked up poop? We have trash collection once a week and need to keep the picked up poop *somewhere* till then.
Will this survive if I leave it outside all the time? New Jersey.
How is it on grass?
how well does it work on snow?
Can this be operated with only one hand?
What size should I get if I have a big dog and a small dog? Medium or Large size?
Is this good for walking dogs? Is it easy to use while walking the dogs, and what kinds of bags do you use in it, please? Thank you!
what's it made of? Meatl or Plastic
Is there any warranty? My husband is tough on these, we've gone through many.
Are the hinge pins that secure the "scoops" to the base made of plastic or metal?
Which size is desirable for a 60 lb dog?
I have a pomeranian and a Min pin mix dog. Should I get the large or the medium one? Is there a big difference between the two?
Ok I have a lab and i need to pick up the feces in an area that has pea rock. Will this be difficult to do without picking up a million rocks as well?
Do you use bags with this? I don't see where they hook on.
I need a scoop/rake to pick up rabbit poo out of our yard. My 9 &amp; 11 yr old dogs have suddenly started to eat it. Weird. Will this work?
Has anyone used this in very cold weather?
Does the poop go in the bag?
What is the length of the "Medium" and what is the length of the "Jumbo?"
I have a Chihuahua, Beagle mix (roughly 25 pounds) and a Corgi puppy, would the medium work? Don't want to spend $7 more but if its better ill buy!
Are the leg straps padded?
Does the leash allow the dogs to use the bathroom? If so, does the leash get dirty due to the poop/pee? Also is it easy to put the harness on and off the dog
What Size Dog Will This Fit?
How often do you suggest the filter be cleaned and/or replaced? Any info would be appreciated. Thanks!
Are you supposed to remove the plastic encasing from the actual filter pod?
Di I remove the cellophane off the filter before using?
What are the dimensions and shape of the actual filter?
Is 6x8 the actual dimensions of the filter itself? My filter is 1/3 that size.
Are the filters the same size regardless of the size bowl you use? I have the 2.5 Gallon Petmate Replendish water bowl
How do I change the filter? I just bought the Petmate Waterer.
Are these filters held in place with the small clip
Does it come with the plastic piece that holds the filter in place?
Does it matter which way the filter is placed in the dispenser , I noticed one side the fiber was stiffer than the other ?
how often will i have to fill this for four chickens?
What is the clear part made of plastic or glass?
Is this really a 128 ounce container? The tag in the Picture says its a 64 ounce capacity. I already have 2 of the 64 Ounce Containers. Love them
How well does this last in the cold, say 30 degrees?
Does this birdbath come with stakes for support? I noticed most others come with garden stakes.
what color is the birdbath?
I own this birdbath and it leaks - any suggestions?
Height
Installation: Does the "screw" just rotate into your couch?
Do they come in larger size? My sofas are 18" x 4".
Can I cut the plastic down to eight inches?
what do you do if the cat claws not just the corners but sides across the bottom, borders of the sofa???
Can these be installed "sideways" so that the 4.5" sides becomes the vertical, and the 11" the horizontal?
Has anyone used these with leather? If so how did you adhere them to the couch?
Do the screws need to be attached into wood or can they screw into only fabric part of my sofa?
I see the dimensions listed, but which number corresponds to what? Is it 26.5 High?
Any suggestions on how to get the chickens interested in going in the boxes. I bought 6 and 4 weeks later none of my chickens have seemed interested
How many chickens are supposed to be in a box?
Is the back of the box open? I want to be able to get eggs from the box without having to go into the coop.
How high should you place these above the ground?
Can a pair of homing pigeons utilize this nestbox?
do you ship to alaska
Hi there, do you ship outside of the US, specifically to Australia please?
How much for shipping if I order 6 units? Thanks.
Is the back open or sealed?
So, it's 18 gauge wire -- how thick and what material is the sheathing?
I have a Dog Watch hidden fence system, will this wire work with it?
Is this wire 18 or 20 gauge?
What gauge wire is this? What is the gauge size of this wire?
what is the gauge?
Does anyone know what the gauge is?
can this be used for a dog weighing about 38 pounds?
Do u sell replacement blades that fit this model?? Im looking for a pair that I can buy replacement blades that fit this style.
can you use it on cats paws?
Are they still made in the USA?
what is the flap opening size?
how many inches is the bottom of the door to the flap. I have two pugs that must be able to easily get out of as well as a pit bull
Will it fit in a 86 inch frame?
Does this work with a vinyl sliding door?
Is this drafty? From either the frame or the door? I live in Minnesota. Need to know if this is is going to keep our cold winter out. Thanks
What are the dimensions of the opening and what is the hight of the rise?
Are there two flaps? Or just one?
Can I still open the patio door to go in and out myself? If so how wide will my opening be
what is the adjustable range for this door? and i still don't know where to start measure my sliding doors
Do you have to bolt this to your patio door. I am wanting it to be easily removed during extreme heat and cold or when wa are out of town.
Can the cage be separated from the stand and placed on another surface?
I am wondering if the cage is detachable from the bottom "table" for taking it outside and washing it, or if it is one unit that is not detachable?
Do these stands have wheels
What are the dimensions of the cage itself?
How many Finches could fit comfortably in this cage?
Is there supposed to be a piece that holds the top and bottom half of the cage itself together? There wasn't in my package.
Does it come in a brown Amazon box, or the manufacturers box. Christmas present for my daughter and I don't want her to see it.
Can it fit parakeets if so how many
Is it sturdy?
does the top of the cage open?
Has anyone tried the Walkydog? If so, how does this device compare?
Does this attachment prevent a dog from jumping TOWARDS the bike? The problem with my fell terrier is that he actually tries to jump on a bike wheel..
Is there any design to be able to connect two dogs to the leash?
What happens if your bike tips over and you fall? How secure is your dog if this happens? I am concerned for safety during falls.
I noticed in the reviews of OTHER dog leash products the leash can come apart, freeing the dog to run loose. Any like problems with THIS product?
Does attaching the device as instructed scratch the paint or damage the frame?
Can you attach this to a 3 wheel adult bike?
Has anyone tried this with a recumbent trike? Is it a problem if the height of the axle on the rear wheel is lower than the height of the dogs back?
Will this work on a mobility scooter to walk a small dog, 12lbs and 10" tall? Or, would I need some additional to make it work?
Could you use this bike leash while having a trail-a-bike attachment for a young child?
Does attaching the device as instructed scratch the paint or damage the frame?
I always see pictures of this installed on the left--could it be used on the right side of the bike?
I'd like to hear how many miles do you think you and your dog have put on your bike tow leash? How is it holding up?
Can this tow leash be used on a recumbent bike?
What is the difference between the red BTL and the yellow BTL?
can the dog get too close to the bike to get his feet in the spokes
will the Bike Tow Leash install properly on a mountain bike with disc brakes?
I have a 10 lb poodle. Does it fit small dog?
Will this work on a Giant XtC 27.5?
Is it possible to hook two dogs to this? I have two highly energetic dogs that do everything together with me.
I'd like to hear how many miles do you think you and your dog have put on your bike tow leash? How is it holding up?
Can you use on an adult tricycle? Thanks! D
Can these worms be fed to aquatic turtles?
What is the country of origin for your mealworms? And how long can you keep them?
Hi, I would like to know are these worms good for feeding your aquarium fish such as bluegills . Thank you....
What kind of a bird feeder works well for these, for feeding wild birds?
Is freeze dried mealworms attractive to blebirds?
What is the difference between freeze dried and just plain dried mealworms?
Are these worms raised in the US or in a foreign country? Thanks!
Is this harness appropriate to use in a car with a D-ring hooked to a seat belt tether?
Is it easy to put it on the dog? Also, I live in Singapore where it's hot &amp; humid. Will this be too warm?
Hi, It looks like there's fabric, and no buckle under the armpit (is that right?) Want to make sure there's no rubbing. Thanks
where do you attach the leash? can't see where the D ring is. Is it under the belly? Also, is it padded under the arms?
I have a small 10lb rescue dog. Is this harness really as wide as it looks on the dog in the photos? If so is that awkward on little dogs?
Do these fit medium sized dachshunds body types?
is it bulky?
Has anyone used one of these on a Corgi? I have a female Corgi who is 28 pounds. I'm thinking maybe a large or extra larg
what size should i get my 70 lb golden retriever?
Will this type harness work well for 130 lb. Lab?
Will the large Puppia harness fit a Westie with 23" girth?
Just how long would it take to receive these? Do they actually ship from China??? I can see it taking close to a month.
Is this air valve made of metal? Someone posted brass with chrome plating--can a few people PLEASE verify this? Someone also said the gauge doesn't really gauge in that it's either on high or low--can a few people PLEASE verifty this also--as valve...
Is this submersible?
Do you have just the cover for sale? I need the XL.
Would this be good for my midi doxi with disc problems? advise as he has been down for a week and I want a good comfie bed for him
My dog urinated on the bed during a thunderstorm when he was stressed. I washed the cover but how do I get the urine smell out of the memory foam?
Is the cover durable for chewers and scratchers?
How does it hold up? My poly fills are all flat as a pancake now. How long have you had yours, and is it still as sturdy as when you bought it? Thx!
I need a truly waterproof dog bed as my dog was fixed too young and has some incontinence issues. This one doesn't seem waterproof. Recommendations?
What size is the bed? I have a dog that weighs 125 pounds so I need a large bed
What size is the bed? I have a dog that weighs 125 pounds so I need a large bed
Just got mine , it is thin not 4" , cover is very loose. How long do I wait to see if it will expand? I Does temperature affect it's expansion?
I bought two of these last week and on one the memory foam has not expanded. Is there a trick to get it to expand or do I need to return it?
what are the measurements for this harness? My lab comes in at 90 lbs and measures a loose 36" around just behind the front shoulder
Is the v-ring on the back metal or plastic?
Would it fit my 45 lb lab mix?
is this a XL HARNESS
Size in inches ? I have an Alaskan Husky and an XL may be just barely too large.
my dogs chest size is at 22 inches will this fit?
Will it fit a German Shepherd with a Chest size of 36 and a Length of 26?
In the picture above it shows that this is a Ray Allen harnes. Is this correct or just a copy of his product?
I have a Belgian Malinois which is about 3 months(25lbs) The breeder said he should be around 65-70 full grown. Will this fit?
will this fit a 90 lb rottweiler?
I have a 40 lb shibuinu/ shepard mix. Average doggy apparel size L-XL how well would this fit him. And how small can these be adjusted to?
Will this fit a 145 lb. South African Boerboel?
I am wondering if this vest can adjust to an english bulldog? he's 55lbs. the reason why i ask is because their measurements are different from normal
for this harness, do i need to buy anything extra? what should i get along with this?
the strap that doesn't have a buckle, the one for the chest, it doesn't seem to fit my german shepherd. i have to velcro to the biggest diameter?
my rottweiler dog has a 25inch neck + 38inch chest + 33inch belly. will harness fit my dog?
Does this harness come with weights? Is it a weighted vest of just a harness with pockets for other items?
Is this the right picture for this harness? does it really have two handles to lift your dog? I see an item with same model but single handle
Would this fit a 23-pound beagle?
does this harness fit most dogs? like a pitbull and a German shepard?
Is this a flat line?
Is the 3/8" wide line strong enough to stop a large adult dog, if they get distracted and go after something? Say a German Shepherd or Irish Setter?
Would this leash with-stand light chewing by a dog who enjoys "walking himself" ie: pulling his end of the leash in his mouth?
I'm surprised Halo isn't listed in my latest Whole Dog Journal's "Top Dog Foods For Total Wellness". I wonder why? The ingredients look great.
Where is this product made?
Is Halo recommended for all size dogs?
Why did the price go up nearly $10? Ive been on subscribe and save for over a year.
Does anyone know how many cups there are in the 28 lb Spots Stew Adult Dog Chicken bag? I'm trying to determine how frequently I need to reorder.
how high is this carrier. my dog is 14 " tall and I am wondering if she will fit?
can I use for a yorkie (5 pounds)?
Can you load from the top??
When will you get them back in stock?
What is the maximum weight of the animal for this carrier?
Dementions?
Is the height 12 inches or 14 inches?
What color is the frame of this Power Pet Electronic Sliding Glass Patio Pet Door?
May I use this with a dual pane sliding patio door or should I consider the other model with dual pane glass?
what are the power requirements?
instructions
how much does this scale weigh? Can it be moved easily? Stored easily? what are the dimensions?
I was going to buy this to weigh our black lab, when I got to thinking...can I weigh my luggage on it also? No surprises at the airport!
where is it made?
Does this come with a manual, mine arrived with no instructions??
How accurate is the scale? What is the smallest detectable change in mass that this will display?
Do you know if this scale can be used to weight large suitcases weighing anywhere from 50 to 65 lbs accurately? Has anyone used it for this purpose?
does the decimal reading go out to the 100th? meaning 0.01lbs?
Is the product photo totally faked? it shows a G. Retriever with semi-splayed legs having ample room on either side. In 16"? I seriously doubt it.
Because this uses batteries, I have concerns about accuracy once it starts to run out of juice. Can anyone confirm or deny? For a local shelter.
does this take the place or also do the job of a protien skimmer?
What is the depth of the media compartment? Would it be possible to fit a small heater in the back?
The top rim on my 75 gal tank is 1-1/4 inches wide. Will the filter box fit?
What is the minimum space required between the back of the tank and the wall?
I'd love to know the dimesions of the opening, 5 inches or 6 inches?
Which is it, really? 1 reviewer said, it is 5" x 5", the other reviewer said, 6" x 6".
Can someone tell me the dimensions of this bowl? (Height/Width)
Can a heater be added to a tank like this for a betta?
what is the size by inches
Can you adjust the flow rate on this filter?
Anyone else have this running 24/7 and how has it performed?
Can this filter be fitted with lily pipes? Ultimately I would use the filter for an aquscaping project in a 3.5 gallon tank that will house 1 betta
Can this filter be fitted with lilly pipes? Ultimately would like to use this for a 3.5 gallon tank for aquascaping that will house one betta.
What kind of noises am I supposed to be hearing if it's operating normally?
can you feel the flow rate from the outtake tube.
can you feel the flow rate from the outtake tube. I just set this up and water is partially cloudy. can you feel flow coming from the outtake tube
How much length of 3/8 tubing is included?
Can someone help me read the label of this thing and tell me if it works with 220-240v outlets?
Would this work for a 10 gallon tank?
can this be stuck to the bottom of the aquarium, under the sand?
When the room temperature is 84 degree, should I leave the heater on or off?
can this work for all fish and do i have to buy hanger or does it hangs by to self
what are the correct dimensions? Is the length really 1"?
Will Bettaskik sub heater get too hot in a 1 gallon aquarium?
i have a separated tank of 5 compartments for bettas, can this heater heat all the separated areas... or i have to put in multiple heaters
Would this work in a half gallon tank?
Will this work for a 1.5 gallon tank?
Can you leave it plugged in all the time or do you have to monitor it closely?
what are the dimensions?
How do I find a replacement light fixture for the 6 gallon tank for GloFish?
How do you get it black as in the picture
Should hoses have came with the tank or does the filter only attach to and hang from the top? It says in description under gravel filter.
What size are these? It's not listed in the product name or description.
Are these the same as the petite bone shape treats or something different?
Are these just like treats (faster to eat like greenies) or do they last longer (more like a pressed rawhide)?
Are these made in the US???
It says 4 sizes available. How do I order the larger sizes?
Would a 30-lb dog be ok with the petite size as far as choking goes? I'd rather she have smaller sized treats (and this size is less expensive)!Thanks
Are any of the ingredients for these bones supplied by Chinese companies? Is every component made in the U.S.?
What are the dimensions of the bowl?
what is the height of the bowl?
Does this come with a lid?
How many for the price shown?
Does the gravels and the plants comes with the bowl ?
How wide is the opening at the top of the bowl?
is it a totally round, ball style bowl or does it have flat sides? can't really tell from the picture
What are the dimensions of this item (Giant deer antler dog chew)? Thank you
Are these antlers 100% harvested and processed in the USA?
how many come in a pack?
Is this a whole antler or a split antler (antler cut down the middle with exposed marrow?)
Is this a whole antler or a split antler (antler cut down the middle with exposed marrow?)
How long do you keep these until you replace the antlers?
Will one of the larger jugs fit in this base?
Will one of the larger jugs fit in this base?
to those that say it leaks, would a jug from another brand fit on base? how wide is mouth of jug?
does this have to be plugged in?
is there a matching food bowl? i have a cat suffering from acne and need to switch out my plastic bowls. want replenishing water &amp; food dishes
Where can I purchase water bottle?
Can I purchase just the bottom?
Does the bottom part come apart for cleaning? On the plastic ones, the top of the bottom part would snap off to be cleaned separately from the bottom.
Hello, i ordered this item on nov 1, and just recieved the base but not the bottle, does it ships separately and i need to wait for it? Or return it?
Is this ok for outside use? Also, how much does the bottom part fill up? Could you fit ice cubes through the opening of the jug? Thanks!
Description "Contains (2) WHISKAS CHOICE CUTS Pouches Chef's Favorites Variety Pack-24 ct." Does the (2) mean we get TWO boxes of 24 count $15.99?
Hi, I saw theese at the store today. I shook the pacakage and they made a sound as if it was dry cat food. Is it wet or dry? Thanks
Does this come with two 24 packs?
Has anyone talked to a vet about this brand of food? Is it healthy?
I would like to know when this product expires?
Is this grain-free like the other flavors?
OMG! Does this really have garlic powder? Garlic and onions will destroy blood cells in cats. I hope this is a typo.
Do you recommend sticking to the same flavor each purchase? Or do you think switching up the flavor for their continued pleasure and interest is ok?
What consistency is the Wholesome Chicken &amp; Beef Recipe? Is it like pate' or more chunky?
is this good for kittens? I am trying to buy premium canned food for my 5 month old kitten since the vet recommended it.
How many bags for a 75 gal, 6 sided tank?? Thank You!!
I have a betta fish with very delicate fins. I want to make sure I get gravel that's not going to scratch or tear them. Would this stuff work?
How are these for loaches or fish with barbels?
Would this gravel be safe for frogs?
What is the approximate size of the pieces of gravel?
Do you also have available the vaulted door for a 400?
Does this fit the Petmate Ultra Vari Kennel 700 (dimentions 36X26X27)?
Is this the replacement door for the XL vari kennel 40x27x30?
What are all of the ingredients?
How many treats per 10 oz bag?
how big are these cookies?
Are thee Duck Treats made in theUSA (just want to be sure the duck is not from China). Thanks In Advance
Is every single ingredient in these biscuits made or produced in the USA?
Does any of the meals used in the product contain propylene Glycol - or made in China?
In the meals listed as ingredients - any of these made in China?
Are these crunchy?
good for puppy? or adult dog?
Are dog diaper liners really necessary, or can women's liners purchased from the store work just as well?
My Golden Retriever weighs 74 pounds, what size should i buy?
what size fits 35 lb dog?
How does it fit on? Are there velcro or snap closures, or must you actually stick the dog's legs through the holes?
My dog is a corgi and weighs pprox 35 pounds. Can anyone tell me how to measure to determine if he needs a medium or large? Thank you.
Would a sz Small work for an 18lbs MALE pug? Seems most users have female dogs.
Do you have an X-small?
Are these water proof (water proof liner)?
what size in inches and weight are the small and med?
Can anybody say that Move Free Ultra has helped them with their low back pain/ stenosis.
Expiry date?
my dr. told me to stop taking calcium for there's too much in my system. do move free ultra uc-ii and glucosamine have calcium? please answer asap.
The shipping&amp;handling fee to UK is about 100 dollars for 12 bottles. whether it includes any custom duty&amp;tax?
have anyone every used this for impingement syndrome or bilateral tendenitis
There are several pictures of different products. Are they the same? Actually I only want the one in the first picture.
What is the expiration date for the most current shipment? I'm planning on buying more for my relatives.
Ingredients?
Does the item support international shipping
can you give shelf of this item ?? Thanks !
Is this the front line known and trusted, or the front line from UK?
How long is the expiration date on Frontline Plus? Going into the winter season. I won't need until spring.
How many dosis come in one box?
I would like a yes or no answer to the original question: Is this the U.S. Frontline or the U.K. version? There is a BIG difference!
Is this eligible for AmazonPrime free shipping?
What is the ease of use for this product? I've never used a refractometer before.. So I'm trying to shop around for something reasonable and easy to use and maintain. Thank you
what about the solution for testing??
I'm assuming I was sent the wrong refractometer. The only scales are 0-32, 0-140, and 0-26. Can I still make readings with this thing?
on the 0-32,0-140,0-26 scale, what do I use to get the correct salinity? Why is this advertised for aquarium use if it isn't sensitive enough?
Is this accurate enough at a low range (1.00 to 1.035)? I need an instrument that can measure salinity in a fresh water system.
I purchased one of there a few months ago and it is not accurate at all. I thought I was doing something wrong but everytime i use it its way off.
How do you read it?
Why is the scale not as advertised ? It took 3 weeks to get to me and the scales is not as advertised.
What is this cage made out of?
how big is the cage? measurement wise.
Will this cage accommodate a flying squirrel?
I have two chinchillas that must be separated. Is there a break in shipping cost for two cages?
Can you stack them up to make a single larger cage?
is this a good cage for a single ferret that lives by itself
can this product be giving to cats
What is the expiration date on this product? Thanks
what about preventing heat worms?
What is the expiry of this product?
Hi, does this oil contain EPA snd DHA if so how much of each. I am wanting something for my puppy. thank you
Does this product contain rosemary extract?
Has anyone used this with cats?
Is the oil produced from farm-raised or wild-caught fish?
How does sardine &amp; anchovy compare/differ from the benefits of salmon oil?
I read that aluminum leaches into foods, etc from the pan or container. Is this aluminum container lined with something else?
Does this product help in the dog's skin and coat?
Does this product need to be refrigerated once opened?
What is the Sodium content per squirt?
Do you leave the plastic sleeve covering the threads or take all the plastic off when you open the bottle?
I'd like to know why the price of the Milk Bone Soft &amp; Chewy Chicken Treats (37oz) has almost doubled in price since I ordered it in October 2012?
How many biscuits are there in each bulk jar?
My eleven year old Corgi needs to switch over to biscuits that are a bit softer and less crunchy to preserve her aging teeth. Are these soft enough?
made in the usa - milk bones treats
What is the expiration date??
Made in USA???? It has no info on the package. I e-mailed Del Monte--they did not respond.
Do these have chunks of food or is it all pate/mush? My cat pukes up anything but the pate/mush, so if it has chunks I absolutely can't purchase :(
does it have a pop top lid?
Does it have pop top lids?
Can you tell me what the carbohydrate count is? I have to keep my cats below 10
Is the cat food grain free?
Any manufacturer date on these - upc code?
Do these cans have the pull tabs to open them?
Does the box arrive show it is cat food or is it covered up like inside a brown box? I am not suppose to have animals of any kind where I live.
Does the box show it is cat food or is it covered up?
What is Pate? I "DO NOT" want FeLa.
how do you attach it?
Can you control how much food they get?
Does this fit Kaytee acessories what is the size of the hole?
Will this work for the OVO Habitrail habitats?
How does this attach to non Super Pet cages?
Does this work for the following food: Oxbow Animal Health Healthy Handfuls Hamster and Gerbil Fortified Small Animal Feed?
will it feed my hamster while im on vacacion for a few days?
Does this feeder hook onto "Super Pet" cages? I wanted to connect the feeder to openings where the tubes connect.
How does this feeder keep hay off the floor? Better than the SP gravity bin--which does not... THX!
My rabbits food bowl always seems to get bedding in it then she doesnt eat the food and tips her bowl over, Can i use this for food?
Will this attach to a 10 gallon aquarium?
would this work for guinea pigs?
good for chinchillas?
can this be used for water?
is it able to attach to a C&amp;C Cage for a pair of guinea pigs?
Would this work for a hedgehog?
What about use for a holland lop (4lbs) rabbit
Can this be used for Ferrets as well?
how long are the large ones
It says this "ships in 1 to 2 months", but it is marked as "Prime". How long will it take to get to my door?
What type of Antler is is?
Does this bag have any pockets?
how many mesh openings? does the top have a mesh opening? are the straps long enough to put over the shoulders or are they just handles.
Be sure that the shipping weight is 11 pounds?
This doesn't come with any kind of lid correct? ty
which dimension it 12? tall, long or deep?
glass thickness
Will the PF15 5wat provide better UV sterilization than PF25 7watt since waterflow rate is slower? Ive heard slower flow = better UV sterilization.
I'm using the Mean Green Machine 9 watt UV Sterilizer. Would the additional filtration in this product make up for downgrading to a 5 watt UV bulb?
Will the Aquatop PF15-UV work sufficiently in my 15 gallon column type aquarium or should I get the PF25-UV, please help!
How can I know if the uv bulb is still working at 100% or 25%
Does it fit fluval edge 6G?
Hello, does the device on the collar beep when shocking or vibrating please ?
Are the collars ruined if they are submerged in water?
I need the instructions how to program the remotes
I need to replace two of the metal prongs. Where can I buy them? Thanks
Both collars do not vibrate anymore, they can shock, but not vibrate. How do I get them to vibrate again?
Do you have to shave the dog's neck fur?
I have two Great Danes...3 year old is 115 lbs, the 6 mos old is 88 lbs and deaf. Will these fit a dog that size?
does it work on short hair dogs. just read that it didn't work!!! have one with short hair and trully could use this collar
Is the charger dual voltage?
Anyone know if these are compatible with PetSafe wireless containment devices?
will this filter fit on a 10 gallon tank?
will the UV sterilizer get rid of the algae that my sea urchin shrimp and crabs need to eat
What is the largest size tank lip this will fit? I was looking at the PF25 but someone mentioned it only fits a lip up to 3/4&#x2DD;.
The surface skimmer fits on the intake tube and move up and down. How do you adjust the surface skimmer for proper effectiveness?
I noticed there are different PF variants (15, 25, 40) of this product. What is this number? Is it the UV intensity or is it for gallon volume?
I recently hooked up my filter and it seems to be like surging the water and the flow will be fast then slow. Any ideas why this would happen?
For the PF40, how much space do I need between the tank and the wall? It says depth is 6.5 inches but that would be just huge?
how quiete is this in refrence 2 the aqueon quite flow 10,aqueon submersible quiet flow for 20 gallon and tetrafauna decrotive rock
How's the filter durability/effectiveness? Will the buildup of minerals overtime obstruct the UV light's ability to perform what it was designed to do
Is the UV light also LED?
If you start using Fresh Patch will the dog stop going to the bathroom outside? Will you always have to use Fresh Patch?
is there something under the grass but above the box? like a plastic tray to prevent the box from soaking urine?
Doesn't the patch smell? How do you remove urine smell?
I have two pups who chew on EVERYTHING. 1. Do dogs chew on the cardboard box the fresh grass comes in? and 2. Do dogs dig up the fresh grass?
how long does it last?
Can this product be used outside on a covered patio and left outside?
Can this be used for the outdoors? Wanted to make sure it would be ok in outdoor weather conditions such as rain.
How does the payment work? Do I have to order a set amount?
How long does the grass last? Do you need to water it?
Has anyone used this for their Chihuahua? Mine's extremely picky about where he does his business.
How about for a very fluffy Malamute? are the prongs long enough.
I just bought this product and love it. I want another set for other dogs will they interfere with each other?
Is this a bark collar too. Does it vibrate automatically when the dog keeps barking or do yyou have to press the button yourself
Size: Is this collar large enough for a St.
Does it have washable filters?
Any tricks to cleaning out &amp; removing the filter above the canister without completely DUMPING dirt all over the vacuum &amp; floor?
Does it have a lifetime belt or do you have to change it at some point?
Anyone use this vacuum on tile floors? How did it perform?
Can someone advice if this runs on 220V?
This might be a stupid question, how does the On-the-Go Spot Cleaning work?
Does it have a retractable cord?
Does it work on carpet and hard wood?
Had this vacuum about 7 months and now it will not turn on. If you pull the handle back it somewhat turns on but doesn't fully work. Any ideas?
Currently has in stock the vacuum?
How does it work on a 10 lb.dog?
What size is each colar
How do you measure dog for collar?
Would this work for a Shiba Inu? After some research, this seems to be the best bet for him as a collar but I am worried it will be too large for him.
The dog is 15 1/2 inch neck. Go with the small or the medium?
will it hold a 100 lb LABADOR
How do I know what size to choose (S, M, L)?
warranty
Made in is ? What country is made ?
I have one of these and I'm not sure how to know if it's functioning properly. Can someone give me tips?
Just bought unit and lamp burnt out immediately upon submerging? Water inside the glass tube - how can this be prevented?
How do you get the thing to work? Brand new purchase just out of the box. No "blue light."
Does this product kill ear mites?
I ordered Advantage but was shipped Advantage II. Is II better? Or should I return for Advantage?
The title says for over 9 lbs. but in the description it says for under 5 lbs., which one is right?
Does it kill the hole cycle of fleas ? Eggs too !
How long does it take for this product to "completely" work?
What size pets is this suitable for?
does this system provide a shock when the dog gets colse, or just a beeping they have to be trained to obey?
will the model W-227 work on a small dog approx. 10-13 lbs
box is on .collar has new batteries but does not shock dog until he is almost on top of wire.we have range turn up all the way
Can I purchase an additional collar and use this system for three dogs?
Can a purchase remote trainer for this system to help with dog barking?
Would this work indoors? We are looking to use this to keep our dog off a new couch we purchased.
Will this model work in a 2014 Forester?
I just purchased a 2013 Forester with a moon roof. Will this fit my car?
Do you sell the 2008 for Outback's without a sunroof on Amazon? I can only locate the model for 2008 with sunroof.
Will this work in the 2015 Forester?
Is there a version of this that would fit a 2008 Outback?
Is it cat proof as well as dog proof
I have a 2015 Forester with moonroof. Will it fit ?
Would medium size fit a dog who's girth is 27 inches?
when u measure ur dog do u pull it snug or leave it loose?
summer is when we get thunderstorms and alot of fireworks,would this be too warm to put on our norfolk terrier? we keep her hair short in summer.
Is the material cool for the summer?
Can a male dog urinate with the Thundershirt on?
sterling silver or silver plating?
How Long is the chain
What are the dimensions of this item?
why come my tube dont open
I love this item but I've noticed it leaves black marks on my clothing. Does anyone have suggestions to keep this from happening?
can u put the ashes in yourself or have it done later?
Can you post to uk? How much would that cost?
can you get it engraved with a name?
How Long is the chain
does it come with a funnel?
What size do you recommend for a highly active 9lb Silky Terrier (like a yorkie.. he's skinny!)
Are these pretty soft? Do they make noise like a crinkling sound when dog moves? My dog is nervous with any noises. Thanks.
My two dogs have an 18" waist and a 19 1/2" waist. Will the small still work?
can you take them off and put them back on like a Velcro tape if they are not wet yet ?
We are looking for a wrap for our incontinent 17 lb male dachshund. Anyone know if these would work for him?
I am looking for a good diaper for my dog who poops in the house. He is 16 and needs these at night. Are these good ?
Have 2 doxies,. the wraps I have cover their pee-pees, but then scoot down towards lower body, and they still pee all over. need very wide ones Help!
How do they work? Looks like a belt. How is the urine caught. Have a male pug that loves to use the drapes to potty
I own a 16 pound Yorkie Poo. Not sure what size I need though. Any suggestions?
what size would you recommend for a 5 lb chihuahua.
Is this product loud when running? If so is it uncomfortably loud? or just a small humming?
Can it be use outside of the pond???
how wide is the canister at the bottom and how tall is it?
Where can I get replacement filter media for the filter.? It is not listed anywhere
How long is the power chord?
How many gallons is the pump, and does it need to be taken out of the water and re submerged when electric goes out?
We bought one of these about a month ago and the pump has already stopped working. What kind of warranty does it have?
How large of an outdoor pond is this filter rated for? What is the warranty on it?
Is this system 110 Volt and not 220 Volt?Thank you
what size is the bio balls that go in the bottom?
Can you please confirm if this is 120/220v ?
what is the length of the fixture
do you people in Amazon.com , make any shippings to PO box address?
do you people in saltwater aquariums company, make any shippings to PO box address?
do you make shippings to PO box address??
Will it fit the bio Cube 14 hood, and replace the stock lights for corals? does it have directions and most important will it support corals....
Are these the panorama pro 2.0? The description seems to indicate these are the second gen pros?
Is it a 240v unit..which can be used in India ?
will it hook in-line to a cascade canister filter
CAN IT BE USED IN-LINE ON A RO SYSTEM
Can it be used with an undergravel filter with a powerhead?
When using it in-line, the bulb is likely to over-heat &amp; burn-out, if the pump gets clogged, correct?
Must it be used in-line, or otherwise, submerged? Will the bulb burn out if I take the case off and place it above the water surface in a humidifier?
Does this unit come with a bulb or do I have to buy it separately?
Will this work for a 120 gallon fresh water tank with a Eheim 2075 canister filter?
Can this unit be hooked up to suction instead of outflow?
How would this be hooked up to a fluval 206?
The height is 13" on one end of carrier. How do you flatten it down so it fits under the airplane seat?
what weight dog does this accommodate?
What is the pet weight limit of this stroller/carrier? Is it large and strong enough for a full size Dachshund?
What is the weight limit on this two tone travel unit
Does the cage have a bottom grate that slides out for easy cleaning?
Can anyone tell me the bar spacing????
Does this cage have enough room for a Green Cheek Conure and all his toys ?
Does this product come with perches?
How far is the distance between the bars, and is it suitable for a pair of parakeets?
Can someone give me the "inside" measurements of the cage?
What is the height of the cage and stand when the top part is opened?
Can the cage be detached from the stand? I would like to clean the entire cage in the bath with hot water every now and then.
what size is the shipping box?
can you give me the height on just the cage portion please
does it have a pull out tray to change paper
Does the grill on the bottom make a bigger mess or hurt the birds feet? If I take the grill out would the bird escape,? I have a GCC
Is the pull out tray metal or plastic?
Does the cage detach from the stand easily?
what kind of metals is it made out of? is it all non toxic metals &amp; materials?
what is the bar spacing?
Does this have both the inside and the outside flap or just one flap? I ask because this doggie door has 2 flaps.
what are flap dimensions ?? how many attachment holes are on top?? does product come in a set of two??
Does the white plastic bar that holds the flaps come with the flaps?
Do you sell the furry side molding pieces?
whatis the size of this extra large flap?
What are the actual dimensions of these X-Large pet door replacement flaps?
my dachshund mix is about 18 inches and a little bit taller than the average dachshund. Do you think it will fit?
Would this fit a 60lb medium haired border collie? I see that it runs big-he usually fits an xl or Xxl in most other pet clothing.....?
Would this fit a 60lb medium haired border collie? I see that it runs big-he usually fits an xl or Xxl in most other pet clothing.....?
Is this for large dogs too? My 50 pd lab?
How effective are these as they are NOT in an enterically -coated capsule? I have always given capsules because I read that this insured the probiotics' survival past the stomach acid, and into the intestine (which is where they are most needed). Do...
the "list price" is WAY wrong for this item so it falsely looks like you are getting a huge discount. It's $26.97 on Mercola's site.
My 11 month old Black Mouth Southern Cur has a strong body odor. Will this product help reduce it?
My 40 lb Labradoodle was diagnosed with exocrine pancreatic insufficiency. The enzymes cause a very sour smell. Has anyone had luck using the probiotic Mercola for the odor?
This mercola probiotics looks different from the previous purchased .it is plain white powder with no flecks in it?
WHen an animal has been on antibiotics..what is the approximate length of time needed for the therapeutic dose to reflora the body? body
do you mix it with there food or water like tang
Does this need to be refrigerated?
Is this GMP approved.
Where is the product manufactured? 100% USA?
Would this fit a 65 to 75 pound Lab? And does this have a leash hole?
Can anyone let me how big the XXL is around? I am looking for my Great Dane and he 35 ich around.
What size is recommended for a Greyhound??
My Golden/doodle measures 24" long from top base of neck to top of tail, and has a girth of 34". What size would fit, or come close? Ed
i have 2 great danes both way over 170 lbs will the xxl work
How strong is the velcro... I have a almost year old Great Dane puppy...so far he has been able to get everything off.
our pitt is 32inches around her stomach. what size do need
I have a lab shep mix he is in the 90lb mark but he is lean and long legged, he measures 30" from base of neck to dent to start the tail. XL or XXL?
How much of the dog's belly actually gets covered? I have a GSP and she needs her complete underside/belly covered when wading thru snow.
Are these made in the USA?
What is the return/warranty policy? The same as the stores?
I have the same question. Since the little organisms need light, when is the best time to buy as a Christmas gift?
i just bought this as a christmas present for my wife, its supposed to get here friday the 12th of dec. what do i do with it till Xmas, can i wrap it?
what are the dimensions?
What's going on with the shipping? I imagine this has to be fed ex-ed over night, but there are other shipping options? Which should I choose?
Pod vs Sphere. Is there any difference besides the aesthetic appeal?
The water and rocks at the bottom of my pod is becoming a dark yellow. Why is this happening?
Purchasing it from their website allows overnight shipping. Would the extra day in the box for Prime shipping have any effect?
What kind of shrimp are these?
In MS it gets into the upper 90's this time of year. I would think that this would bake the poor shrimp. When is a good time to purchase these?
Does this sweater have a little opening on the back near the neck area, so you can connect the dog's collar to the dog's leash?
Where is this made?
Since I am buying this as a gift to my friend, I can not measure the dog. What would be the size of one year old welsh corgi (24 pounds)?
is this item easy to use? i want to connect to led color lights and for bubbles
Can the T-connectors be used underwater, or are they only for splitting different lines to go into the water.
Do these actually filter the air like they say they do?
can it hold a 5 foot python?
IS the back of this also glass or does it come with that background?
what is the size of the shipping package?
does it come assembled..?
does it really work
How large of an area does it cover? Have a huge yard and don't know how many to order.
Will it bother my indoor cats? I want to keep neighborhood cats away from my home so they don't upset my indoor cats.
Does it bother dogs? I only want to repel cats, not hurt my dog's ears.
What kind of batteries does it take
will it also bother birds
What's in the bolster? Is it a long piece of foam or fiber-fill??
How does the Bolster attach to the bed and how do you wash it?
Does the bolster color match the side color of the bed? In the pic it looks like there are 3 different colors here. The bolster, the top &amp; the sides .
One person said that the top cover is very thin and cheap. is that true?
Is the 5" height too difficult for a dog with severe hip problems to get onto it?
Can you get an extra cover
Is it waterproof ?
Is there anywhere that I can purchase a replacement cover for the large bed?
Do you have a corner version of this bed?
Exactly what color IS the large bed? it's hard to tell from the pic, but it looks like a sort of grey &amp; not "toffee".
would you recommend this for a large cat..like a main coon or a ragdoll? I am worried about the nails getting stuck in the mesh.....
If a puupy were to urinate in it, would it be an easy clean up? Could you wash the bottom mat in the washer?
What about newborn puppies. We have five French Bulldogs coming. I thought I would keep them in this until they reach 8 weeks old.
Does this product also come with a zipper on detachable bottom?
Does this puppy playpen have a door?
Is the 45" the height or the floor measurement?
When not in use, will this stand on it's side without collapsing?
is there a top
is it big enough for my dog(Jack Russel) and 3 puppies till they're 6 weeks old
I need to know the correct way to fold this. The instructions were not clear.
What is the weight limit for dogs?
What are the dimensions of this item? Will be suing it in our bathtub, thanks.
I don't get how you use it. Does it have to be inside your bathtub? Otherwise, how do you not have water all over the floor with it being open?
Do you have the steps up to it that match it? and the shower attachment?
How wide are the legs at their widest point. Will it fit inside my bathroom tub?
Where do you put this booster? In the bathtub?
Does it hook up to the faucet? How do you use it to provide the water for the bath?
warranty
What is the model of the rechargeable battery that goes into the remote? Esky 100LV Rechargeable Remote Control Dog Training Collar
Will collar adjust to very small and fit Bichon's, about 8 LB and 12 LB - 7 month old pups?
Is ths for 2 dogs or not? I'm cancelling until I get an answer...
One of my collars started countinuously beeping one day. I plugged it in to charge and as soon as I unplug it, it goes back to the constant beeping.
What button do I use to activate the shock or vibration?
I can't get the second collar to sync to the remote.....I've actually had them both respond on the # 1.....but I can't get the second collar to sync
can i buy a back upremote for my collars?
how do you turn on the collar after it shuts down automatically? Does the Collar only need to recharged regularly?
how do you turn on the collar after it shuts down automatically?
Is the shelf movable?
Product Dimensions lists the size as 40 x 21 x 20 inches, but the paragraph description states 17 inches wide. How wide is the cage, 17 or 21 inches?
Can you remove the wheels from the bottom of the cage?
Is this cage good for a Syrian hamster?
Would this cage be spacious enough for two guinea pigs?
Do the casters come off?
How wide is the wire spacing?
would it be good for two rats
do you think this would make a good habitat for a hedgehog?
Would this be good for a small rabbit?
Can it be assembled without making with floor? Want it to cover water fauset.
Is it waterproof
does this dog house insulated for hot and cold weather for outdoor usage?
What are the dimensions of the door opening?
does it have a floor
Why can't you use this with Ceramic heat emitters? Does it get too hot?
Does anyone else have a problem with bulbs burning out quickly? I can't get a 100W bulb to last more than two weeks, let alone a 150W bulb.
with a uva in one and a uvb in the other, can they be used at the same time with the desired effect? individual benefits of each bub be realized?
Does this come with the lights
Is the Dual Lamp fixture able to safely hold a 150 watt basking bulb along with a Compact Repti Glo 10.0, 26 wt UV bulb?
The photo appears to show a clip in the center - I want to make sure I am able to hang the fixture by this clip (it sounds like most people set on top
Does this have a ceramic heater and a black or red reptile bulb?
does this lamp fixture include the first set of bulbs?
does this lamp fixture include the first set of bulbs?
Should I get this for an 18 x 18 terrarium for a ball python or the mini-size dome fixture?
Can a puppy chew these? Or are they too rich and better for adult dogs? I have a 14 week old miniture dachshund who is chewing a lot!!!
Will my 3 month old Chiwawa choke on these? Should I throw it away when it gets too small or will it be safe for her?
Do you have any experience using these for cats? I have a cat that loves to chew.
is it made in china?
where are they made?
Does Busy Bone need a strong jaw and teeth to chew it? My dog is quite old with missing teeth.
what's in these things?
How big are they?
I have an outdoor shower with a hand held shower head. Can I replace that with the Conair Dog Washer?
is the diverter made out of plastic or metal?
will it work a regular utility tub faucet?
My tub spout has a water diverter lever for my wall fixed shower, it sits close the the front of the spout, so I'm having a hard time trying to find a hand held to fit over it, doesn anyone have solutions for this, or recommend one that will fit over...
Will it work with a tub faucet that has the diverter to shower
I have a square faucet head on our bathtub, would this connect with the washer
the water flow controller has option to completely close the flow or only decreases?
How many watts does this put off? Will it be enough for Amazon Swords in a 55 gallon aquarium?
Do you have to use the support brackets or can the fixtures rest soley on the canopy glass?
Is it possible to turn just one bulb or the other on or does the fixture only have the two bulb setting?
Does this come with a ceramic blade? Description is vague...thank you
Why does the price choices show + instructional DVD for more money, yet box says included?
What are the guard sizes that come with this kit?
What are the numbers of the two blades in this kit?
What is the noise level of the clippers?
Operating voltage is&#xFF1F;
I have a10 lb Yorkie mix. is this ok for a small dog with fine coat?
what is the model number of this clipper?
I've been told to use a #10 &amp; #4 blade for finish touchups &amp; feet on my Yorkie- definitely NOT a teacup! Which guides or blades match that?
I want to buy this to cut my cairn terriers hair. Will this clipper be powerful enough?
what is the difference between level 1, 2 and 3?
Does this product contain any chicken at all?
what are "all" the ingredients? what are the non-medicinal ingredients?
Is there lead in the glaze? Since it's for pets and from China, the glaze would not be regulated the way that glazes for dishes used for people are.
It is not clear to me from reading responses. Do you or do you not clean the motor. I have a drinkwell that I must do this with and it is a pain. I have now purchased the Peoneer Pet raindrop ceramic fountain and waiting for delivery.
is it quite
Is this size large enough for 2 cats? Or should I get the larger?
Doesn't the plastic clam shell, filter and pump parts negate the purpose of a ceramic or stainless steel circulating fountain? My cat has feline acne and I suspect it's due to drinking from a plastic fountain which was cleaned regularly.
How long is the power cord?
is this made in the U.S.?
Has anyone had a problem with these model not working at all? No circulating water.
Are the filters reuseable? I'm not sure I want to replace with new filters and have to throw out filters frequently.
Is there any problem with this fountain leaking. I am not too worried about the cat splashing. But I would like to know if the bowl or it's parts leak
Is this heater okay for an acrylic tank
Can the AquaTop Nano Heater D1HT be mounted horizontally?
would this keep 5-6 gallons of water near 70 degrees?
Just to be clear, does the digital temperature display show the temperature the heater is set for, or does it show the actual water temperature? Thx.
What happens if power is lost? Does the temp settings stay or reset?
How do you set the temperature? The instructions just said to use the button, but will the display change to show what you set it too?
Can this be used in a terrarium? In an enclosed environment, but no water to submerge the heater.
About how long is the heater?
Does the Sept 9, 2011 date included in the listing title of this product refer to a "sell by" date?
Why does the picture shown on Amazon not include the logo for adult dog food, as the Pedigree website does-the packaging is different./how old is it?
I want to use a dog food calculator online, but I need to know the calories per serving for this dog food. Does anyone know? Thanks
Pedigree Puppy Complete Nutrition Dry Dog Food is the headline but the picture shows adult. Which is it?
is pedigree made in the usa?
what is the weight on the product?
How many pounds is this bag?
Why has the price gone up again?? I'm not going to pay $25.99 for a bag of food that I can pay less for and get more of at the store!
do any other flavors come in pate?
is the smell very fishy?
is can easy to open.
My Arabian usually wears horse size masks that are too big in the nose area. Would cob work with this one?
I just got my two Gypsy horses in January - my first horses. I am not sure which size to get - one is 1 yr, other 17 mos.
My horse has an average head, and I want the mask to fit snugly so it won't come off. Cob??
Does it have UV Ray protection?
does the size run true?
Which size for an arabian
&#x130;s the cob size is good for a selle fran&ccedil;ais or should I buy full size?
Would this fit a Syrian Hamster? (aka golden hamster???)
Will this fit Syrian hamsters?
neck and girth measurements please?
Can it fit a mouse?
Would this fit a reptile such as a bearded dragon?
will it fit a juvenile rat, male, under 1 yr old?
Will this fit a 2 pound rabbit?
would this be too big for a long-haired syrian hamster?
does it fit a young gerbil 1.5 years old
does this work for fancy russian hamsters?
fits suv?
Does anyone use these on a 2014 jeep grand cherokee "Summit" model? and how well do they stay in place?
Do the tabs that slide between your window and car door panel effect whether or not you can roll the window up/down?
Why not recommended for BMWs? And what are Auto Arrest windows? (BMWs don't all have the same type of Windows)
Anyone have window tint on their rear windows? I'm wondering if the plastic tabs will scratch the tint when rolling the windows up and down.
does it work on expedition
how do you get the tabs between the door and window? I have a 2007 Subaru Outback and cant seem to get the tabs in. Thanks
Does this come with one (1) or two (2) door guards?
Does this work for a 2014 Lexus RX 350 that has tinted glass?
Can it be used on a Honda odyessey
Does installation of the pet barrier mean that a child seat could not be appropriately tethered, or could you install both child seats and barrier?
i have a 2014 jeep cherokee not a grand cherokee. will it fit on cherokee with panormaic roof
Does this barrier allow for the back seats to recline?
does this work for just the 2014 jeep cherokee not grand cherokee
Does this work on a 2014 JGC?
Has anyone left the barrier in for months on end? Any damages to interior?
will it fit in 2007 Grand Cherokee?
Will this work for my 2013 Jeep Compass trunk??
Are there any plans for a barrier that will fit a Ford Expediton? 2010 model to be specific?
Does this require any drilling or permanent changes to the car?
How are these with tinted windows? I don't want one that uses velcro that I have to leave on my doors, but I also don't want to scratch my tint...
If the dog attempted to claw or scratch where these are in place, could he pull them loose or are they pretty secure?
Can you lower and raise the window easily?
Will this fit in a 2012 C300?
Does this come with two, one for both sides?
Has anyone tried these on a newer Subaru Impreza or Crosstrek 2012 0r later?
How does it attach to the door ?
Will these work in a coupe that has backseat windows that don't roll down? If not, are there recommendations for 2 door car backseat pet protection?
Dose any one try this item on CRV2014? Do they fit?
Could you please tell me how large are the tabs that hold this in place ? thank you
WILL THIS FIT A GOLDEN RETRIEVER?
Is this machine washable??
will this fit a 100lb dog american bulldog??
how does it fold
Can the top be folded back toward the handle (when front section is unzipped) to provide a total "open air" option while pushing the stroller?
How sturdy is the zipper? I just returned a stroller from a different manufacturer because the cheap zipper did not work. Thank you.
I want to get this for my cat will his vision be obstructed by the material strip?
Does this have a mesh on top and back. I was wondering can I see my dog while I push him?
Does anyone know the exact contents of the box? In the reviews.. I quote" is circular with a hole in the middle (white) piece with the with the white
where can i get a weather cover for this item
Is there a short leash for a harness or collar inside of this stroller?
On the hood/cover, are there gaps in the fabric where little pups can stick their heads out?
Will 2 Shih Tzu's fit in this stroller. Grandma weighs about 17 pounds and the puppy about 8 lbs?
Did any of your cats have a trouble adjusting to this thing? Was it easy for them to get in and out?
I don't understand the measurements. The description says it is 31.5 X 21.5 X 7.5. Can someone explain this? What is the height and width?
Is this available with a left side entry?
who sells litter boxes that fit inside?
is it easy to assemble?
Hello, Does anyone know whether this particular MDF contains formaldehyde or not? I have little ones and want to avoid the typical MDF off-gassing.
My litter box is 24" L X 18" W X 10" H. Will this fit inside? Will my cat have enough room if I don't assemble the drawer? He's a big male ragdoll.
i need the instructions
Can someone provide the interior dimensions of this WITHOUT the drawer installed?
What are the dimensions of the largest litter box I can use inside the cabinet? Thanks!
What is typical range?
Where can I find replacement batteries? My unit says 'SG10E' on the batteries, but those are nowhere to be found. What is the equivalent?
What is the big difference between "Loc8tor Pet" and "Loc8tor Pet PLUS"?
Could I buy a single tag that works with the NEW Loc8tor Pet Finder? I have 3 cats and this seems to have only 2 tags.
How can I buy just the part that goes on the collar? I already have the remote
Will this work in a heavily wooded area?
I'm confused. Many of the reviews suggest the Loc8tor Plus, but the Plus has weak reviews. Has this system been updated to match the Plus system?
Can I bring this anywhere? Like if I bring my cat to a new, temporary location?
Is it possible to set the tag to NOT beep, so you just use the visual cues to find your pet? Sounds scare cats, so this seems like poor design.
How do you use this for turtles/tortoises? I know there is an adhesive, but I'd like more info How many tags can you have attached to the Pet Finder?
size
is the tray plastic or metal?
Is the door in front. It looks like it is but i want to be sure before ordering
Is this the right size for my Cavalier King Charles Spaniel puppy (17 lbs)? He is having knee surgery on Monday and I need to order one ASAP. Thanks
what size crate for boston terrier
I have a 15 lb cat that has been injured and needs to stay in a crate with a small litter box for a while. Will this be big enough?
Can a cat with kittens stay in here
What is the bottom pan made of?
How many doors?
I might have over looked it but how many doors does the ex-large create have?
What gage is the wire?
what are the dimensions of the crate?
what are the crate dimensions????
where are the made? thank you
Are these really "layers" of rawhide. Lately, once chewed compressed bones have been filled with chips of rawhide. I don't mean these specifically, but in general they have changed in the last 6-12 months. That is why I ask about these bones. Anyone know?
Is it made in USA
How do I know that none of these products come from China?
hwere are they made?
where is this product made?
Does this product ship as 1 bone or a pack of 4? Many of the reviews claim they recieved only 1 bone.
Can other Oster blades be used with the Volt. I most often use the 7F. Is the Volt's blade removable / changeable?
where are warranty issues handled? The battery is not working and the 1 year period is not over
What is the voltage of the charger? Will it accept 220 mains?
What is the weight with the battery in place?
How many strokes per minute does this have?
Do i need only oster blade? cause my blade are andis brand
what are the overall dimensions of the door?
My cat already has a micro-chip. Will her current chip work for this door?
This is less expensive than the PET door. Will it work with my 10lb 15 digit microchiped dog?
can this cat door be installed on a garage door?
how many cats can you put on the door? we have 16 cats
What are the dimensions of the flap?
how does the door work in freezing cold weather?
Raccoons: Does this door help to keep out raccoons?
Does this work for multiple cats? Can this door work with more than one cat?
I have a 70lb part Rottweiler with a very strong pull when she wants to. How well will this locking mechanism actually hold up?
Is the named 26ft L leash tape? Thank you
Is this the tape or cord leash? I am looking for a 26 foot tape.
Does anyone have or know where I can find the information on the lifetime warranty?
My dog bites the leash will it hold up?
If you use this leash when the temperature is BELOW FREEZING what gloves do you use?
Could the leash material burn your skin?
Does the tape fully retract or does some of it not retract as seen in the photo?
Can the brake be switched to a locked position or does the button have to be held down continuously for the brake to stay engaged?
&bull;Packaging Includes Safety Collar ...what does this mean exactly?
Can this feeder be electric, or both battery and electric?
Where is the AC Adapter Plug in on this unit? Do not see one!!
This looks identical to the Aspen brand "LeBistro", which was also the name of another Petmate feeder. Whats the diff? Is this the newest model?
Has anyone been able to outsmart the cats who actually puts their paws up into the chute to get more foods?
I have the Petmate 5lb &amp; 10lb Programmable Food Dispenser. How do I erase all previous meal settings and start over?
I have it set for 1/4 cup (1 bar) and it maybe dispenses 10 kitty kibbles which is like not even close. Is this a known problem?
Does anyone else have problems with cats removing the feeding bowl? Any fixes? I may return them
What is minimum dispense in one feeding?
What are portion options? I have a small dog who eats less than a cup per feeding.
What are the "Tires" made out of? Rubber or some type of plastic?
what is thea actual demetions of the inside of the stroller?
Is it a removable carrier that closes completely to take in a restaurant
Does anyone (including vendor) know how to get replacement rear wheels?
How many fasteners are there inside? One or two?
What is the depth of the cargo area where the dog sits?
Is this sturdy enough to be used on trails? Also is there any suspension for comfort? It would be for my 9 year old Corgi so we could continue to hike the trails he loves and he could rest as needed. Thanks very much!!
How high is the handle height?
The front wheel has flat spots. Can we purchase a replacement wheel?
Are the wheels rubber or hard plastic?
How tall is the handle? I'm curious how easy it is for jogging. I'm 5'6 inches. A person wants it high enough so when you jog it's out far enough.
I m looking for a dog stroller with about 12 in's I don't want the kind of wheelers that you have to put air in. What should I be looking for?
Is it possible for a dog to be too small for this? My baby Pomerianian is less than a pound. I worry he'd be knocked all around there
How many internal clips are included? I have 2 dogs so I would need at least 2 clips
Does the hood that comes down fasten with velcro or zip? Thanks.
are the tires rubber or are they just plastic?
inflatable tires
Do you need to soak this product before feeding to cats?
I have used this for over 6 months and just sprinkle it on the cats dry food. They seem to do just fine. Am I doing something wrong? I have 11 cats.
Is this item lactose free?
Could this product be given with cheese? I have two dogs (Boston &amp; Yorkie) &amp; don't want one to over eat this product while the other doesn't get any?
What strains of probiotics are used in the product?
My cats have rejected any probiotic having a strong smell or flavor. Does this have a noticeable smell or flavor.
Is this product made in the USA?
Did the jar come with any wrapper or seal? Mine arrived without. It looked like it had been opened and used. The jar was only half full.
are these made in the u.s.?
how many in the box
How many barbells in the pack?
The chair says size small, but what does the animals weight need to be??
Can the dog wear this while pooping and peeing?
Is it easy to put on and off? Will it collapse flat for transport? Any chance the dog could learn to slip into it on his own?
can you adjust the height? My dog is an Austrailian heeler, 40 pounds 17-18" shoulder height.
The weight specifications for the Small and the xsmall is needed on the ad!!!!!
Do the Zilla ceramic heat emitters fit in this dome?
Is the dome deep enough to accept the large basking bulbs without protruding? I want to lay it flat on a screen but use the clamp for added support.
How many watts? I'll be connecting it to a Zilla temperature controller and need to know.
Does this lamp get hot to touch? Need a safe lamp to lay flat on screen for tree frogs. Thx!
Is this a two prong or three prong plug?
Does the zoo med ceramic infrared heat emitter of 100 watts works with this item?
Can I use in a dog house?
Can I use this for my aquatic turtle? I just want to double check before I purchase this. Thanks!
does this come with a bulb
Can this fixture bemused with a 100 watt ceramic bulb?
Why does this only come in the off-white color? A beige or even blue or purple would be nice way to increase sales.
Can you use this bedding for hedgehogs?
why is this being avertised as 50 litter bag when it only has 25 litters? thats false avertising,
Is there a true difference between the odor control of the regular CareFresh and the Ultra?
I ordered 3of the Ultra and there had to be a hole in all 3. They are supposed to be air tight and they are not. Is anyone else having that problem?
Is this bedding acceptable for hedgehogs?
Does the Carefresh Ultra that you are selling contain baking soda?
I have been ordering this product for over a year now and the last couple bags I got have smelled funny. Has anyone else noticed this?
Is this bedding good for rats? Is it dust free?
what color is this?
I have a strong little kitten, and she tends to pullet these types of posts over. How stable/heavy is that base?
What are the dimensions of the top bed?
If you remove the cushion does the bed still have lining on the bottom of it (more room for big cat)? Does the cushion have a removable cover?
I just received this tree but there is no hardware included. If I need to buy add'l hardware to make this work why doesn't the advert say so?
how tall is it?
I would like my cats to easily see out the window when laying on the top. What is the actually height up to the bottom of the bed?
how's tall is it?
what is circumference around pole?
I have a rescued handicap large cat. Can anyone tell me the inner dimensions of the bed? The 35" height is perfect for my windowsills. Thks!
By removeable, does it mean the bed can be unscrewed? Is it sturdy when it's attached?
how tall does it stand?
Has anyone found a place to buy the replacement bowls?
Is it possible to get replacement bowls for this? (I lost one of mine and it seems wasteful to purchase a whole new set when all I need is one bowl.)
what are the dimensions of this ceramic drinking fountain ?
I have 2 cats and i am going away for 5 days. How often do i need to refill the water? im thinking about getting one of these before i leave
Is it easy to disassemble and reassemble to thoroughly clean?
Does any water splash from this unit onto the surface it is sitting on?
Where is the Ceramic made? China, USA?
How loud is the motor?
can you tell me if the water comes out like a stream from a faucet - or flows down a ramp? TX!!
Is this vest good for a 100lb dog that is not a swimmer and needs to have flotation in case he falls off the boat?
Will the extra buoyancy possibly flip our dog upside down? FAST HELP PLEASE Thanks for all the responses. ordering tomorrow. Will see if we can pay more to have one custom made in white.
My dog is 27" Girth and 40lbs. Its a Border Collie. I dont know if i have to choose Small or Medium size, because 27" fits both. Any idea ? Thanks !
Is there a weight limit guide as well as the measurement guide? Would a small be enough flotation for a 50lb Lab?
is there a size chart?
is it made in the us
what caountry are they made in, some countries are ok,canada, austrailla
Where are they made?
Are there Any similar products to dream bones or smart bones made in the USA?
Does anyone have comparisons for Dreambone vs. Smartbone. Looks like the same ingredients and smartbone is cheaper.
Can anyone tell me how tall this tree is?
Is it heavy enough that if a baby learning to pull up could not pull it over?
will it handle a cat over 20# ?
Does it tip over when I medium sized cat jumps on it? My cat is around 6-8 pounds and I really want to get something big enough for her to lay on
What size batteries does it require?
How to get it to cycle again after refilling? "Start now" feeds immediately regardless of time and "start tomorrow" won't feed until the next day.
Is this recommended for a dog like a corgi? They are smart dogs and am curious to know if I should shell out the money for this if she will figure out how to get the food out.
how easy is it to clean the compartments?
Has anyone used wet food in this? I would like to use it for that - no cold, just last for 3 days - would that work?
does the lid or the tray rotate?
Has anyone tried this product with their house rabbits?
Can all 6 compartments be covered or is there ALWAYS 1 exposed like in the photo? Rather is this for 1 feeding now and 5 later or can all 6 be later?
feeding size/portion per setting
How much does each compartment hold? enough for two cats?
How long can the feeder last when away for awhile? Would I need more than one? Possibly feed 6-7 cats...
is the bowl wide enough for two cats to eat out of at the same time?
Instead of using the timer, can I automate it using a zwave plug? How does it work: if on, it just continues delivering food?
What is the smallest amount of food it can dispense?
is there a place i can order a new chute cover? My cat broke the one we have.
has anyone found an easier timer to use? If so, please provide recomendations!
Is it reliable? Can I count on the food being dispensed while I am away? At the specified time?
What is the smallest portion size this dispenses?
Does it have to dispense the same amount each time? Or can it dispense a cup in the morning, a half cup in the afternoon, and a cup again at night?
If power is lost at home for say 20 to 30 minutes, after power is restored, does the programming resume, or is it lost?
What are the levels of Omegas?
I was under the impression there was no "wild" salmon in the atlantic ocean...only farmed. I've seen this in a recent documentary so please explain?
How does a "squirt" compare to a softgel capsules, in terms of mg? For example, does one squirt equal one 1000 mg softgel cap?
What are the levels of EPA/DHA per serving and what is a serving size?
I bought this product twice, the first one was orange in color, thick, and smelled like salmon, the second bottle is clear and thin, why is that?
Does this product require refrigeration?
Does your Salmon Oil product in the gallon size come with a pump? Where can I see printed analysis and directions?
Is the 9x5x3.25 size 64 Oz? Does it come with a pump?
Is the 9x5x3.25 size 64 oz? Does it come with a pump?
Can you list out the ingredient list?
I have a golden retriever and I live in Seattle. You can imagine what I am dealing with. Does this towel do the trick? How long does it take to dry?
what material is the chenille towel made of?
Do the colors run?
Hi I have a cocka-poo who is about 40 pounds. should I order a large or extra large? thanks!
I have a 28 lb puggle (23" chest and 15" neck). What size should I get for him? I'm looking at a L or XL. Thanks!
I have a husky and he is 60 something lbs, which would fit him?
I have a husky and he is 60 something lbs, which would fit him?
I have a husky and he is 60 something lbs, which would fit him?
I have a husky that is 70lbs. What size should i get?
Should I get a M or L for my 17 pound miniature poodle?
Should I get a M or L for my 12lb Chihuahua mixed with Jack terrier? This is his first costume "pawty" and this costume would be adorable!
can this cage work for a family of 5 cockateils
Is the spacing to big for a Quaker?
Would this cage work for an eclectus parrot?
is this cage big enough for a CAG
What are the overall dimensions?
how do I separate mama guppy and babies? it seems different with the medium size breeding box and I am so confused how it works...
What else do you need exactly to breed fish using this box?
does it come with an air pump
Mine does not have the usual V shaped divider that goes on the bottom for the babies to drop down through. Is it suppose to? (Large version)
Does this box come with a v partitions?
Instead of using this on the outside of the tank, can I put it inside the tank?
The rim on my AGA reef-ready 120 is 1 5/16" inches. Will this fit as many of the other acrylic products only fit a 1" wide lip?
What is the width of this box? The dimensions say 10.7. Is this accurate?
what is the height of the level it raises the tank lid of it to function on it?
I have 5 gal and 10 gal tank, I m afraid the glass is too thin for this. Can I put this on my 5 gal, and 10 gal tank?
What's the benefit of a canister filter over hang on the side one?
Can the output flow be varied on the fluval 206 ?
Is the 206 ok for a 40 gallon low-tech planted tank?
Can I reduce the flow on the 106 or 206 to a trickle of the listed amount? I have a 5 gallon tank and don't want to get blown away.
thats included ???
Can I use this product in 220V and 50 frequency
Would the 206 be too much for a 10 gallon tank? Is the siphon tube adjustable? Thanks in advance!
Any other filter needed in conjuction with this to provide water circulation and aeration in the tank?
Mine is leaking around the lid. Can anyone tell me which seal o-ring I should order to try and fix. Any other suggestions?
How to make intake tube longer to fit tall container but shallow water level? Not mechanical minded lady. Thanks so much for your time.
Got my 106 last week. It seems to be working great, but I can hear a buzzing sound from about five feet away. Very subtle, but sounds like the impel
Will this be overkill for a 10 gallon?
Do your Fluval canister filters for sale include filter media?
Does this comes with all the media needed it to work?
i never had a canister filter but want to try one. My space is limited, if i lay this on it's side it would fit...is that feasible?
Does this work with 220/240 volts AC
Can the water flow be controlled on this unit? I have a 5 gallon nano with a couple of puffers and thinking about this filter to replace stock unit.
Do I need a pump for model Fluval 106 ?
I have a 25 gallon tank with a RES which is 7 inches long. I would soon be upgrading to a larger aquarium. Would the 106 be enough? I dont fill fully
Seller may dispatch version of this filter is able to work in the electrical network of 220 volts?
When used for undergraver powerhead, is there any mounting or hanging hardware or clips? Or does it simply sit on top(in) the uptake tube?
Installed mine in my 29 gallon Biocube with 1/2 inch tube and it is pretty noisy. Did I get a bad one?
Do you think you will have more of this item to sell still this week? I really need one of them. Or do you suggest some similar? It's for turtle tank.
I'm having issues with red, fuzzy algae taking over my reef. Someone suggested these should help. Will this suffice for a 55 gal tank?
how much head will this pump push, being used as a return pump?
I own a 65 gals aquarium with discus. Does the the pump can handle debris such as fish food and other solid waste from the aquarium.
What size tubing can you hook up to this for using it as a utility pump?
Does this have all the connections that the Maxi-jet has to convert it into a wave maker, etc?
Does this work with 220-240V supply?
How many GPH does this product pump?
What are the dimensions of the box?
does this particular breeder box hook up to a air pump ?
What's to stop the fry from washing into the main tank with the returning water?
So, you need to buy your own air pump for this one? If yes, which air pump would you recommend. Thank you ! &#x1F60A;
Could I use this to breed brine shrimp to feed to my fish and african dwarf frogs?
My filter is not pumping out - the top of the fluval is getting hot and it seems as though the impella is not turning
How tall is the fluval 406? We have limited height in our cabinet and need to make sure it will fit.
How much and what length tubing comes with it. Is it one piece or pre-cut lengths? I have a tank that has it's top rim at 6 ft off the floor.
How heavy is the fluval 406 when lifting the canister for cleaning?
Is it complete and ready to go out of the box or do you need to buy filter material separately for the initial setup?
i have just purchased a fluval roma 200ltr tank will the fluval 406 external filter be to powerful for it many thanks
Can the 406 be used in a 30 gallon tank for young turtles? I don't want to have to purchase a bigger filter in a year when I get a bigger tank.
I saw an answer that for turtles it is recommended to get a filter to handle double the tank size. What about for goldfish? I have 5 fancy in a 65g.
I have a fluval 406 for a turtle tank (65 gal) and the last time I cleaned it, when I started it back up it started making bubbling hissing noises. We have checked all parts and they are on correctly. Any one have any idea how to fix it. The turtle is...
I have a 50 gal fresh water tank, can I use 406 instead of 306?
My Fluval 305 died after 3 years in a 65 gal tank with 2 aquatic turtles. The 305 held up well but should I replace with a 306 or upgrade to a 406?
does this product (306) come with everything i need for it to run properly or do i have to purchase things initially such as carbon bags etc?
The 306 lid is very dificult to remove. I have to pry open. Either suction or gasket is holding it tight. Any advise?
My 306 is not priming water. I have no water flow coming in or out. 2 months old 1rst carbon change. Any suggestions. checked everything.
Can I use my glass outflow pipe, instead of the plastic one that comes with this unit?
Will the 306 be too big for the 40gal cichlid tank? If it is should I go with the 206?
I have 2 Aqueon quiet flow 55/75 power filters 4 a 70 gallon tank water still cloudy would 306 be better
Has any one experienced any leaks with the 306??? I have two 206's and they leak after cleaning them.
Is the 306 quiet? Are there any issues with excessive noise?
Fluval 306 vs Eheim 2215 92 gallon. Which will support a 92 gallon tank without additional filters? about 20 African Cichlids. Thank you.
My cat is about 17lbs. Is this too small for him or would he be able to fit on those platforms?
Is this shipped assembled?
What's the height from the ground to the 1st platform where the condo is on?
What is the country of origin for this piece?
I have two cats, one is ten pounds but slim. She LOVES to find nooks and crannies to hide. The other smaller. Think this will hold up?
I have a 17 lb cat and want a single story cube for him to hide in but all the ones I see are 15inches..Too small
Would a 9"x8"x18" corner litter box fit on it? Like this one: http://www.amazon.com/dp/B0018CJZ32/
I have three cats - 9lbs, 11lbs, 16lbs. I only see one "bed". Do you think my other cats might sleep on the platforms?
How much would it cost to ship this to Australia?
Will this be sturdy enough for a 20 lb Maine Coon cat?
I'm concerned with the faux fur, hearing that cats do not like it to scratch on. Is this true with you?
What is the size/ DIMENSIONS of the bottom Condo/ House? I have a large two year old Tabby, who's still growing. He likes to hide under or in things when he sleep. He's at least 13 to 14lbs now. I want to make sure he can fit into this house before I...
What is the size/dimensions of the top platforms? I have a 17lb cat that would love to get away from his younger sisters.
are the sisal scratchers easily replaceable?
I have 2 large cats, ones 21lbs and the other is between 15-18lbs. Wondering if this cat tree will be able to handle my two cats and not fall apart?
What is the post diameter, please?
I have a cat that cannot jump. She climbs. Does anyone know the distance from the roof of the top house to the platforms at the top?
What size sisal rope do I need to fix this cat tree? Any suggestions? I keep buying the wrong size..
I have an Italian Spinone, with super large paws, anyone have any experience with a larger pawed pup?
I know it will depend on the amount of dirt, but do you need to change the water for each paw?
My 62 lb boxer has dew claws - will the large size accomodate his large paws and dew claws?
I have a Cocker Spaniel with long haired paws, does this product work well with long haired breeds?
Other than the "squeegee" at the top, how is this different from sticking your dogs paws in a small bucket of water?
is there a replacement filler for this bed?
Does the bed look exactly like photo...chocolate brown bolster and oatmeal sherpa? I received tan fleece from different seller.
Is the liner waterproof?
what are the dimensions
what are the dimensions of this bed?
I have a Maltese and purchased an item (similar) and it was too small and I had to return it...my dog is from 8-9 lbs, will this bag comfortably accommodate her? Thanks so much. I'm looking for something to be able to (sneak) her into restaurants...
Can two puppies fit in this?
I'm looking for the Kwigy Bo Alex SMALL. Would this bag be too big for my 5 lb. yorkie?
Is there ventilation on bot sides and the top? are the sides hard so that when I put it down it won't fall over with my doggie in it?
What is the size of this? Would it securely hold a muscular 10 lb cat? I want to make sure it closes securely all the way around. Thanks.
I am looking for an airplane approved bag that I can take on Jet Blue 16" long x 8-1/2" high x 10" wide is their max size allowed, will this bag work?
My puppy will be probably 2-3lb full grown. Will this bag be too big? Is zipper on top inconvenient? Compare to Jaraden Le Petit Mon Ami type.
How does the Backbone Sherpa work for cats?
I have a 13 lbs yorkie. Do you think she would fit? Nothing ever seems to fit for her :(
I love the look of this bag. Is it really 3.5 lbs? Is it bulky ? I'm afraid it might be a bit big for my toy Yorhie and me.
What is this product made of?
Does it come with the leaves shown, or are they just decoration?
What are the dimensions for the perches?
After 2,5 yrs the bottom 3 posts look ratty. Has anyone found a way to repair or replace them?
Are the perches too small for a Maine Coon kitten who will likely grow up to be around 20 lbs?
Is it sturdy for being so tall? My cat run's up towers/trees quickly and I'm always worried I should bolt his furniture to the floor :]
Can this be put outdoors on a deck?
What are the dimensions of the 3 beds, not including the thick sides? Are they round/oval? Big enough for a large cat?
What color is it exactly
are the three top perches on this padded around the sides or flat as shown in the picture?
How does the water hook up to the tub? or do you have to have your own water source? What are the demensions?
Is the tub made of metal or plastic?
are there straps to attach to collar to keep my Great Dane from leaping out?
can this unit with legs on, be set into a bath tub, as the tile walls etc would make for easy clean up... so the with of the legs would be very import
Would this tub fit inside a regular bathtub? Or could you put just the front legs in the bathtub and the back 2 on the floor??
How long are the hoses on this tub? Both the drainage hose and the hose that hooks up to the water source.
Can the tub be used without the legs attached?
Can this tub be used without the legs attached?
Does this also come with the spray nozzle/ hose and restraining harness?
can the adjustable leash restraint with removable collar be purchased separately
would size 5 fit a cockial spaniel that weigh between 32 or 34 pds ? He is a medium size dog and I order this item today.
What is the correct size for a pit bull?
What is correct size for Labrador? Muzzle circumference at mid-point is 11 inches
I have a german shepherd puppy. She is about 24 pounds right now. Will this fit her?
Does muzzle control barking
Would this size fit a Doberman/ Lab mix longish snout?
I have a 22 lb. Beagle and want to know which size would fit her best?
OK- I have an English mastiff- he has recently acquired the habit of eating trash etc. Will this stop that and what size would a mastiff need??
Will this work on welsh corgi's 26 lbs?
Will this item work with other brands besides Hydor?
does this work with the koralia nano 240 circulation pumps?
How many will this control? I have 150 gallon tank thats 4 foot by 2 foot by 3 foot How many do i need ?
Howdy - I know you've answered this, but to be sure, I can run two Aqueon 1650 pumps on this, yes?
im going to be running four pumps , two large and two small. where would i purchase splitters at?
Is there a night time mode or reduce power mode of over night hours?
HI seller do you deliver to Singapore for free? How long does it take?
Does this product feature a gradual start up? Or does it flip the pumps on at full speed all at once?
Can you use this controller with only one power-head to make a wave like sensation in the Display Tank, like the Ecotech MP 10 can do?
Is there a way to keep the pumps from knocking? I just received this today and hooked it up to my two new Hydor Evolution 600GPH and it knocks loud.
If I believe my dog's pedigree is reliable (back 5 generations), what helpful info would I get from this test? I have 2 Euro working line GSDs. Thx.
is there a cost to get the lab results
blood or saliva
is this test accepted by AKC as proof of full breed
Does anyone know if you can do this test from dog hair? I had to have my dog put down but I would still love to see what kind of dog he was.
Was told my dog is 98% welsh pembroke corgi with 2% cardigan corgi. Would this test confirm that?
It's very unfortunate that the pictures on this product do not include pictures of EXACTLY how it attaches to collar. Doubtful of velcro...
is this collar break away safe
I have an 80 lb lab that loves to swim. Will this stay attached if he's in and out of the water?
Hi, I would like to order 3 of these for my cats, for the Beastie band collars. They are1/2 inch so I'm not sure if the medium would be the appropriate size? Not sure if you are familiar with the Beastie bands but they are very soft flexible material...
I purhchased a tag for my cat's collar about a year ago and now the velcro is not holding. Where can I find this thin of velcro to reattach the tag?
Is the tag reusable? In other words, can I take tag with velcro off and put it on another collar someday?
My dog's Velcro piece came off and I need a new piece. He has only had it three months. Can I get a replacement piece of the Velcro that attaches to i
My dog's collar is 1.5" wide. Will any of these sizes work? How do you pick the size and style when ordering?
I tend to move a lot and would prefer to not include an address. Is there any way I could replace the address with an additional phone number?
My dogs collar is just short of 1 inch wide...which model should I order?
how do you lock the window with this cat door in place? This seems like it could be a security issue.
Every time my cat enters or exits, the flap door remains slightly ajar, and I need to adjust it to a close position manually. How do I adjust it?
The door flap does not swing outward beyond 2 inches. Seems defective. Can this be fixed or the door/hinge replaced??
Above description indicates flap to be 6.25 x6.25 for 38" medium. That is flap size for small. What is the actual flap size?
my window measures 32.5". One size listed goes up to 32", next size is 33+. Which if any will work for me?
small versus medium? Both indicate 33-38 which I need but with flap of 6-1/4 flap...I thought medium was 7 + inch flap?
How weatherproof and energy efficient is this? We have a regular cat door installed in a homemade window insert but it blows open during cold weather.
Is the magnet that keeps the door closed strong enough to keep out mice and squirrels? I'm a bit nervous about unwanted visitors finding their way in.
Can anyone tell me how secure this product it, I don't want to decrease the security of my house by installing it. I am talking in terms of break -ins
Is this well insulated? I see it's a single-pane, so I don't know if it's a thick or thin single pane.
would like to buy a kennel bed / mat as well what is the length and width of the crate.
is the tray plastic or metal?
Does it fold?
what are the length dimensions (from neck to snout) for each of the sizes?
When I measured my beagle's neck it said 17 inches. What size do you think? I find it hard to believe would be a large
how does the sizing go? Hello, how does the sizing go?
I have a English Bulldog that measures 18" + on her Neck, My Bread is known to measure as follows: BULLDOG ENGLISH 18-24&acirc;&#128;&sup3;; 40-55 LBS
Wondering if this cone would allow my golden retriever puppies to go in an out of a doggie door?
Trying to fold this back for eating and the stiff reinforced seams seem to be preventing me from folding. Any help would be appreciated
I need a small cone or something for very small dog to keep him from seeing every distraction on our walks.
size
36 x 24 - does that mean its 36 inches tall and 24 inches wide?
Can you link two or more together to make a larger area?
Can you take panels out to make it a 6 panel pen?
Will this work in a 2010 Audi q5 SUV? And how long is the lead?
Can this clip be trusted to restrain a 95+ pound dog?
why does this come up on amazon search, anyway, for a "meco" "adjustable pet seat belt'?
Will this work in a 2014 Honda crv ?
Can this be clipped onto a collar safely, or would a harness be better? I don't yet own a harness and was wondering whether it's worth it for the car
Help! This thing is stuck in my Volvo seat belt clip. I've tried a long screwdriver to no avail. What do I do?
Does it fit toyota rav4
We have two miniature dachshunds. One is 12 lbs the other 8 lbs. Would these work for small dogs as well?
Where is it manufactured?
not sure yet but i do have a chewer here plastic may not last , where do i get a metal replacement clip?
Can you use flakes or is it only for pellets as the pictures show?
I am looking for a feeder to feed my Betta while away for 2 weeks. Does it fit or work for a fish bowl? I don't want to cloud the water, so I would happy if it fed once ever other day or every 3 days. Does it fit on a fish bowl?
The rim on my aquarium is 1 1/4 inches. Will the clamp open wide enough so that it can be clamped?
I feed my fish approx. 17 pellets twice per day. Can I set it to dispense 17 pellets at set times??
will this dispense very small amts? my bettas eat only 5-8 micro pellets at a time
will this fish feeder last 4 weeks of being away?
Can this be used for a fish pond or outdoor setting with unit exposure to Snow, Ice and rain?
do both of them use batteries or is the one that says no battery use a cord thank you
Can it feed my adult guppie a little amount twice per day. And does it have batteries or a cord. If I should not use this recommend another one please
I have 1 guppie that I need to feed 2wice per day it's an adult.will it let out a small amount twice per day for 3 days?
is it all four boots
how do I know what size to order
What size would be suggested for a National Show horse who's the size of an arabian? (15.1 and slender)
Can I use these boots for trail riding and pleasure ? I'm always riding on the road. Thanks
Has anyone purchased them for a fine boned OTTB? If so what size do you recommend.
What is the best way to clean these?
What size would i need for a 16 hand racing TB?
the game is two or four
Does it say where it's made?
How big is it?
does the twinkle replacement bergan ball fit this turbo
I read where cats got their heads stuck in the middle hole. Did the manufacturer fix that?? Thanks! Janice
for older cats?
Could somebody who has had the toy 6+ months tell me if it is still intact? Are the cats are still interested in it? Please tell me.
how do you change the balls in the toy
How do I get Replacement Balls for this toy?
Does it have a skid-resistant bottom?
Are the balls locked in by the edges of the tracks, or can cats get them out?
Just arrived, but with no instructions and so, how do you turn the durn thing on?!! I see the on/off button, but pressing it, turning it.... nothing!!
Does this work for larger dogs, say, like a 130 lb. German Shepard?
planning on buy tomorrow is this long enough to walk a 32pd cockial spaniel ?And is this worth buying ?Would like to know as soon as possible.
How long is this leash?
What size batteries does this take?
how long for this leash size L
How long is the leash? I don't see that description here.
How small does the waist band go? I am a slender woman and don't want it sliding down.
What are the dimensions of the pouch? Will it fit a large phone (3" x 6" Galaxy S5)?
Does the bag bounce while running? Also, is it big enough to carry poo? Thanks!
Can I keep my dog on one side with this product or will it let my dog/leash slide from side to side(if she wants to investigate?)
Have adjustable is the waist band? How many inches does it max out at?
Does anybody know what company makes this fence? Also, what's the model number?
What type of bettery does the collar use? The picture shows 9 volts but the descirption says 6 volt.
It says it comes with 2 adjustable receiver collars - is that just the collar or does it come with the pack on it too? I have 2 dogs, so I need to kn
how much does it cost for additional collars
Can the door be removed? Easily?
What kind of litter does everyone use with this box? I'm guessing it's the scoopable type? Can you recommend a good brand? Thanks.
Does the door stay on, purchased a similar box, door keeps coming off and cat throws litter all over, need door to stay on
WHAT IS THE MEASUREMENTS OF THE BOX ?
what is different between the warm grey at $32.53 and the other at $26. something
How big this bed is, is it big enough for a 65 lb. dog?
This bed shows Product Dimensions: 22 x 11 x 2 inches ; 6 pounds. This doesn't make sense to me. Surely it isn't 11 inches wide or long. What are the true dimensions? Thank You
What size and color is this bed for $25.99? i am looking for a small terracotta
I am so confused what size bed is this one??
so what size is this one?! would like to order, but no where does it state the size...
What is the measurement of the plastic part from front to back? I want to make sure I can cut it to fit my Aqueon filter. Thank you!
Does this lid have an opening to allow air into the tank or is it fully closed? Thank you.
I am using a 10 gallon tank for my fish and frogs. Will this lid somehow fit around the water filter on the back of my tank?
does this have a light?
My 10 gal tank has the dimensions mentioned, but the inside lip where the current lid sits measures 19-3/8ths X 9-3/4"...how does this fit on the tank
what is size of Aquarium Cover, Glass, for 10-Gal
What are the dimensions of this?
What are the dimensions?
What are the exact dimensions of this tank?
what is width left to right
Does it come with a lighted hood?
where can i get a lid that will fit this tank?
what is this tank dimensions
do you carry the top and light for this tank?
Is there a difference between the black and yellow sponge? Besides color, do they serve separate purposes?
I hear that this works well for smaller tanks, but would it also work for a 5.5 gallon tank?
Would this sit on the edge of a bowl? Thanks!
How often do I need to replace the sponges, and what is that little felt thing?
The dimensions say that the filter is 6" tall. Is that including the uptake tube? How tall is the body of the filter only (minus the tube)?
What is/the purpose of the small white felt piece that separates the water intake from the sponges?
What can I add to extend the tube longer, so it will reach into my under gravel filter tube?
Could I use charcoal or a charcoal filter inside this?
Will this filter fit over the trim of a standard 2.5 gallon tank?
For those who have this AND other little HOB filters - is this superior to others of this type? I have a Deep Blue and it looks the same...
is there a separate bag for the receptacle? Does one put the "poop" bag into the trash bag and how many will the trash bag hold?
Does it come with bags? I've looked at this product the last few days. It seems like the details keep changing on me...sometimes w/bags, others not.
Is there a way to secure the system so that no one can walk off with it?
The product description says Roll bag... Can anyone confirm that this is the single pul bag dispenser?
Can I use any type of bag with this?
what is included with this station?
I have ordered a few of these for my apartment complex and need to order the trash bags and the poop bags for the tenants as well. what do i buy/
Where are these manufactured? USA? China?
Can a cat use these also?
how large/long are these? they look kinda short in picture
Where were they made
Can the wire bottom be removed?
I read somewhere that the ladders keep falling down. Is this true?
where to put water bottle?
Would this cage work well for a little mouse?
I'm getting two robo dwarf hamsters and is this safe for them?
Can the second floor be removed?
Can I connect two cages together and if so what is the best way?
Is it big enough for two grown fancy hamsters?
I just received the cage. Do you have assembly instructions you can send to me?
Can the bottom be removed and the top of it be attached to a 10 gallon fish tank?
How does it keep a stable temp?
will this fit on a standered 20 gallon long tank ?
how much clearance is required behind the aquarium?
Does the water pump go inside of the aquarium (fully submersed in water)?
A few reviews say that the WATER pump didn't work at all, or it died after a few days. Is this true? What is the diameter of the inlet tube?
Whats the gph on the water pump? How many gph could I put through this?
Would this be okay to keep an aggressive better in or is there to much water pressure/movement for bettas?
I got this and the water outlet is very noisy, like it's choking on the air coming out with the water. Is this normal or is mine defective?
How does an air pump get water flowing through the box?
Can I fill water in?
What dimensions is this Reptile Tank?
is this tank mat heat proof
Is The Glass Heat Proof?
dose the screen come off?
how long and high is it
does it have a lock on it?
is it a 20 gallon long
We just received this cage and we are having a hard time figureing out how to put it together (no instructions, other than a simple drawing). Help?
What's the wire spacing? Looking at it for a grey (would use different perches)... also concerned about bowls, only two?
Is this strong enough for an african grey?
Is the top removable to put and change lighting? Or how hard is it? Does it just sit on top or is there access.
Would this be suitable for three parakeets? Enough room for them to fly around in?
Is the bar spacing narrow enough to keep small Finches from getting out?
Can this be used as an outdoor aviary? Would it rust or deteriorate in outdoor, hot, humid, wet weather? Would it last for 5 years or more?
comes in a collapsible box?
can this cage hold a finch
How well does it hold up in the rain?
The listing says "Product Dimensions: 55.8 x 46.5 x 4.3 inches." How can that be? Is the 4.3 inches a typo?
Standard poodle size??
4.3 inches? or 43 inches?
I just put this crate on my wish list a couple days ago to be purchased today. I went online to buy and the price raised about $70! What happened?
does this crate have a steel (metal) pan?
can you verify the dimensions of the crate? and the model #SL35ST or the SL54DD?
The product description and the product details seem to be at odds with each other. Why is a 54" crate for 41-70 lb dogs?
What is the height of the cage?46.5 or 43 inch?
I need to order a replacement tray for the xxl crate! Where can I find it?
how thick is the crate pad?
Can you leave this bed outside at all times, even in rain? I'm looking for something to keep on the back deck, and I don't want to bring it inside.
How does the product packed for delivery? Would it be easy for me to get on to a plane?
Can it be washed it the washing machine?
Does it have a zipper?
What color is it?
What is the bottom of the sofa bed made of? Vinyl, thin mesh, etc?
My Border Collie is 45 lbs -- will this size work?
Will my 120 pound rotti dog fit this couch
Is the stuffing firm enough to support a 30 lb. dog ?
I have a120 pound rotti dog will she fit this couch.
Would this work for my English bulldog
Would my 3 Chinese Cresteds fit in? They are tiny and weigh 6-7 pounds each. They like to sleep curled up like cats do. They like it soft and comfy.
It says washable cover- does it retain it's nice look after multiple washes?
is the couch brown or more of a caramel color?
Would this sofa bed fit a Jack Russell about 19 lbs
Where is it made...I notice you say the original Himalayan....country of origin?
Our 80 lb German Shepherd ate this thing in about an hour.. didn't last days.. anybody else see this?
Let my dog chew on it for 30 min, put it away in a ziplock for next chew time (did that about 3 times over the course of a week) , got moldy...Advice?
Salt is very, very bad for dogs. What is the sodium content? It is not listed on the label, but as 3rd ingredient, I am guessing it is significant.
How long is this large one? Could it be broke or cut into 2 pcs. from the 1? I have multiple dogs. Expensive, especially since don't know who will like/dislike, or have reactions, ie tummy ache, loose stool, etc. Thank you.
Can someone tell me what country these are from? Where they are produced and packaged? Thanks!
Is this flushable?
Is this flushable?
Is this a scoopable litter?
This 20 pound box . . . I'm trying to imagine the volume (rather than weight, since I hear silicone litter weighs less than clay). Anyone?
Can this be used for a rabbit?
Can this be used with scoop free litter boxes?
Does it look like this litter? http://www.amazon.com/Just-Crystals%C...
Is this litter compatible with a scoop maid automatinc litter box?
Is the base made out of plastic, or something sturdy that won't crack like the SPEC V did. Thanks!
how much does it weigh?
Hi, What's the height of the tank w/ top cover OPEN? I have limited up/down room &amp; need to make sure I'll still be able to feed the fish once in place
Does the water need to be filled completely to the top for everything to work properly?? Or can there be a few inches of space at the top left empty
My filter will not work. Where may I purchase a replacement?
Greetings! Is this tank specifically for non tropical fish, or can a heater be inserted/used in this tank?
Does anyone know how big the opening at the top of the 6-gallon tank is? It looks very small. And has anyone had any problems getting d&eacute;cor and plants in and out of the tank?
can the old halogen light system be replaced by the LED system?
New to this. Can I use this for a saltwater aquarium?
what size is the base to fit on a pedastal
Can any cats without any medical problems eat prescription urinary dry food? Is this alright?
Flavor? My cat hates fish.
Is this round kibble? My vet only stocks science diet, the one my cat with the urinary problems will not eat. Thank you!
what is the product structure made of? Ex:Wood, fiberboard, pressed wood?
How tall is it from the bottom, to the first platform, and from that platform to the top?
What are the dimensions for the top perch?
weight restictions? My cat is 15 pounds.
1) What is the height of the first platform (the one directly above the condo) from floor level?; 2) What are the dimensions of the condo?
would this be suitable for a 32-lb corgi?
Is this product good for kittens and cats?
Does the top zip off?
Does the top stay up or do you ever notice it flops down?
How about a 25# basenji?
what size is this bed?
what is the size of this bed?
What is dimensions ?
does this bed have any flame retardents?
how large of a dog can fit in the pet cave
How loud is this thing while the motor is turning?
What is the smallest amount of food you can set this to disperse? I am trying to find a feeder that disperses servings at least as small as 1/8 cup.
Can this model with the 1.8gal hopper feed two cats at the same time?
Does it keep the food fresh? I want the 10 pound holder since i buy 15 pound bags. If I put the whole 10 pounds in the machine, will kibble be fresh?
Has anyone's cat managed to reach up and get kibble out? Our cats are experts with the feeder with currently have.
My cats allergic to plastic. Can I get a 'stainless steel bowls' for two cats.
If the power at my home goes out for a short period of time and then comes back on will the digital timer still work properly or will it be reset?
I would like to use this for my Dog feeder - will it work? The kibbles are slightly larger - does it work for "Dog Food" ?
Do I need a power adapter with this model
The bowl is listed as SAN by Kibisan. Is this material plastic? Will it eventually scratch over time?
what is the size of each media
How much media does it take for Tetra Bio-Active BP4000 filter. Thank you. Patricia
I have a sand filter that uses 250lbs of the fine sand in my Koi pond. Can your media replace the sand and if yes, how much will i need?
That is, how many cubic feet is needed for a 55 gallon barrel for a moving bed filter?
how many cubic feet did you buy for the 55 gallon barrel?
does it sink?
does the transmitter have a clip to attach to your clothing
is it waterproof?
What is the maximum neck size of this collar?
Will the tone stop when the button is released or does it always go for 1.25 seconds? Is it a constant or beeping sound?
how is the battery life??
What is the difference between the ET-500 &amp; ET-500A?
is there a warranty on the einstein 500T?
Do you think this works better than a regular rug to catch kitty litter?
One of my old kitties sometimes misses the litter box. Would this handle the urine OK?
How big is this? I have a simply green automatic cat box thus need the excess to be caught..thx
Could this mat be cut down to fit a smaller area?
I'm having trouble cleaning this. Do you recommend bleach?
Will this help to catch Cat Genie plastic granules?
Can it be cut to a smaller size and still be workable? The rim I see running around it makes me wonder. Thanks.
product size The description reads Product Dimensions: 17.9 x 13 x 2 inches but some customer responses have it at 24" x 36" Which is it?
Would this be good for a placemat? Can't find a good non slip large placemat for my cat to stand on while eating wet food.
it looks like it is made out of the same material that is used for shelf liners is it?
What is the max and min weight for usage?
Do you think this would be ok for a 13 lb yorkie?
Is there a way to purchase another collar? I already have the remote and charger. Thank you!
I have a pomeranian about ten pounds that wanders . Could this be used to maker her stay on our property ?
will this work with a 80lb goldendoodle thick hair
I need a replacement charger for this item. Which one should I purchase? Thank you.
no one seems to give a straight answer on how much range it has. can it reach 75 feet?
I just rescued a beagle mix, he will not stay in yard? He is small neck less than 15 inches.
Can this collar be programed to automatically respond to a dog barking?
I have had my collar for about 2-3 months and now, and within 3-4 minutes of taking it off charger it wont work . What do I need to do?
Why is this so much cheaper than from vet? Is it a "knock-off or actual product?
I this 1 dosage that would be purchasing? How long does a da
Is there a flea trap or some better way to manage fleas that will jump off animal?
where is it made
in regard to the customer who said they received the order without the box...did others also receive the order without the box?
How long does each pill last?
Currently using COMFORTIS on my 3 small dogs..is this brand equally as effective?
is this product same as Comfortis ?
I thought this product was prescription only?
Can I use this with Bravecto? Or which other preventive program do you recommend. I searched for Program says it's been discontinued?
Is it as good as comfortis
this says over 25 lbs, but i need to know for sure if this will work on my 45 lbs english bulldog?
will it work to prevent heart worm?
is this as good as trifexis
What's the expiration dare? Last time I ordered this my box had no expiration on it!
Doesn't this require a prescription?
are the tablets chewable
does this prvent ticks
does this kill ticks
I have used Comfortis which has spinosad for my dog with success, Is this a different product the same ?
Was thinking of modifying into rabbit hutch (for large rabbit) by adding run etc. How secure is this house? If I changed the heart to a real latch?
is it warm enough for our dog to sleep on during winters?
How does the door work? It looks like it would require opposable thumbs to open and close!
is it water proof?
Will an 85 lb dog fit into this house?
Would this be a good house for free range ducks to be locked in at night? Two to three ducks?
Does roof lift for cleaning?
can my 70+lb Golden retriever in the large house?
How many pounds on the dog
What are the L x H x W dimensions?
is the pet zippered in on the top?
can the pet be put in from the sides or only from the top?
is this airline approved?
Do you shipping to Germany?
Does this have a removable inside bed that I can wash periodically?
Does the purse have any pockets? If so, approximately how big are they?
Where can I buy the super saff litter? Will regular safflower seed for songbirds work?
What about when your cat poops? Does it just get left in the seeds until you scoop it out? I'm concerned about poopy-smelling odor and not having any sort of deodorizer.
Can the litter box be placed on a toilet without the bottom so the urine flows directly into the toilet? Then removed for human use &amp; feces disposal?
Is it compatible with Breeze pads if you don't want to collect urine?
Any recommendation on which brand of safflower seed will be a good replacement? I used breeze pellets but it doesn't fully cover the smell.
What kind of drain slots are in the bottom? I'm wondering if this box would work with pine pellets. If there are small slots that cover a large portion of the bottom, it would probably work great - if there's just one small area that drains, most of...
I have a picky cat. Is there any chance he will use this?
How deep is the litter pan?
Will this work with feline pine litter?
does anyone have the provided info to replace parts? misplaced mine.
will this continue to dump food even if there is still food in the bowl or does it have a censor to tell if food is actually needed?
Does this have the capability to plug in and not use batteries?
Lost the set up instructions for the Infinity programmable cat feeder. Can I find this online? Pat
where can you get the replacement parts on this product? I'm needing to replace white paddle wheel and can't seem to find it.
will the deluxe pet cover work on loveseats/sofas with loose pillow backs
What are the inside seat dimensions of the loveseat, chair &amp; couch?
is it waterproof
is this material velvet? wouldnt it be hot?
measurements?
would a sure-fit cover with ties stay on the furniture better; does this product have a slip-resistant backing
I'm purchasing Sure Fit Deluxe Loveseat and need something to secure the material when someone sit on it the back won't fall on their shoulder. Ogi
WHAT SIZE WOULD BE EST FOR CHAIR AND A HALF?
Will this fabric fade (burgundy) onto light colored chair?
How many pieces to this set. Will it fit lazy Boy recliner
Would the chair-size cover work for a standard rocking chair?
I have a four seater leather sofa with all four seats reclinable. ill it fit, will it stay in place yet not restrict the movement of leg rest.
How long is the seat part of the cover? My sofa's seats are 76" long, but the other cover I bought only turned out to be 65".
Is this really waterproof? My cats occasionally urinate on my couch. I've had it professionally cleaned twice. I'd like to avoid this in the future.
Will this cover slip and slide on a leather recliner sofa?
What measurements do I use when measuring my sofa? Do I just measure the width of the seating part or the whole length of the sofa?
is it difficult to remove fur from this cover? my dog sheds like crazy.
Do they have a smaller size, for a small, 48" love seat?
what is the width of the cover
Is this the replacement pump with the switch on the back, or the remote button switch for the LED lights?
how does this work regarding filtration
This will work with the 5 gallon correct?
Is the power voltage 110 or 220-240?
Does this have a US plug or an Australian plug? I need to replace my Australian cube &amp; have the transformer, will it still work (what is the voltage)?
Does this come with the wall plug?
Will this replace the whole fountain/filter part of the aquarium ? My fountain/filter part quit after a couple days of use, and I really like the fish tank, I wish it would've had a warranty or something but anyways I would like to replace the...
Is it pretty easy to take off an on? We won't be doing it all the time, but we will need to every now and then.
Is it thick? I have a 80lb dog and I want to use this to prevent him from ripping my leather seats. Will this work?
My 2009 Town Car does not have rear head rests. Are these necessary to secure the cover in place?
will this fit a 2014 corolla?
Will it fit a Lexus CT200h
Does it fit a Dodge 3500?
can this be washed in the washing machine?
does it has a slip proof backing for use on leather seats
what are the length dimensions need 52 inches
The Kurgo Bench Seat cover...is it machine washable?
Is the 19" kennel the correct size for an 8lb Cocker pup for a 9 hr trip?
is it airline approved?
Any one can give me a measurement of the inside? I am trying to see if it fits my little puppy. Thank you!
The handle looks unbalanced. Is it?
Can 2 kittens (8wk old) fit in this 19" carrier, comfortably?
Is it really only 10 inches tall?
how much can your pet weigh to fit in this carier?
Does this have both the scent for path and the scent for obstacle or just one?
To those of you who have insight/experience with this product in a small space - Is this product useful in such a small space? That close together?
How far apart do you put the path markers?
Do these work outside where they would get rained on? The picture on package looks to be outside, but it doesn't say in the instructions.
how much fiber is in your product
Just want to verify this product is produced in america with all american igredients
how much per day would i feed my dog to maintain a weight of 75lbs
how much per day would i feed my dog to maintain a weight of 75lbs
The Hi-Tek website doesn't list any chicken ingredients for the Lamb formula. This page lists several. Which is correct?
What is the cage made out of? ty
Does the cage just lift off the stand and what is the height from the floor to the bottom of the cage? ty
What is the height of the cage without the stand?
.
Is the platinum white or silver?
How many doors does this cage have?
What is the spacing between the bars?
bar spacing?
How easy is this cage to put together and do you need a seed skirt?
HQ Flight Cage: Does the product have perches?
Can someone please tell me the 39 1/2inch height, is that the tallest part and where they lay is a few inches lower?? Thanks
Does it come with the tools to put it together? If not, what tools do I need? Can a semi-handy woman put it together herself?
how big is the little bed?
I would like to use this for my cats and chahuahuas. I need to know the distance between the steps and what is the height from the floor to the top st
what are the measurements of the sisal poles?
Would this be sturdy and comfortable enough for a 15-17 cat?
What is that little disc with the fur on it for? I couldn't figure out where it goes.
Would I be able to take apart and then reassemble this post for moving without making it wobbly?
Which are the packaging measures? Thank you
what is the size of the steps? Is there enough space to rest on the steps?
Does this come with a pad for the extra space?
Would this be big enough to use as a crate for a 10lb yorkie? (if it were expanded to full size). 4 hours at a time or overnight.
Does this carrier have a padded shoulder strap?
One comment says it is too large for pet-in-cabin air travel. Any other comments on this? Thanks.
Does this carrier have a tether inside? (to attach to collar/harness?)
Is the sizing correct on this? One reviewer stated that the sizing is different from the 11.5x17x11.5 quoted.
can you fit 2 adult cats in this carrier comfotably ?
does this have wheels?
This says 11.5 x 17 x 11.5 inches. Costco says 19" x 12" x 11" on the same item. Is this a smaller version?
What is height and weight?
I can't find anywhere what these steps are made of, you know, what is the frame made out of? Is it wood under there?
HOW WIDE AND HOW DEEP ARE THE STEPS?
Is the 28 in. the height or how far it comes out into the room? I'm hoping it's the height because I have a very high bed.
someone said the top step is only 20.5 " but this unit is suppossed to be 28" high correct?are you sure that 'top step 'is from the 4 step one?it's 28
How high are the steps?
I would like to know how high is each step,my dog has short legs
how deep is each step--meaning from front of step to back of it, how much room is there to stand on the step?
i am looking for a replacement cover for a 4 step pet step unit.
Does this scoot around a lot, or stay in place if the dog is running up and down the steps?
I just hooked up a 206 Fluval to our 40 gal turtle tank. How often does the filter media need to be changed? We have just one small turtle in there approx. 4 in.
on the 106fluval filter which basket do you put it in top one!
which basket dose it go in on the 106
Just where does this foam piece go in the 106 filter? Thanks
How durable is the tags our rabies tags wearout/fall off in couple months. thanks
My hope is Dynotag sees this and has time to respond. Which is stronger and has a longer life? This product or the one which is laminated?
Will they work outside the united states, lets say in Honduras?
can this be used any where in the world. I am in UAE and if this works here will definitely want to give it a try.
Is it true that the GPS feature only works IF the scanner AGREES to show their location? Vs. automatically tracking their loc?
does Dynotag have to remain uncovered? will it work effectively inside a backpack, a purse, etc.?
If Dog Gets Loose Will The Tag Show EXACTLY Where Their Location Is If I Go To The Web Page?
Can I use a custom QR code with a link to my own Google document (which I compose &amp; upkeep) ?
how do you register tag? does it cost more money?
will this give me a real time location of my dog or do i have to wait for someone to scan the tag?
How does this compare to the litter genie--any comments?
Does this item tie off the bag or twist the part of the bag that has the dirty litter in it? Just curious if the soiled litter is sealed off ?
Does the scoop come with it?
How do I find out if the original refills can be used with the Locker II ? I'd like to replace my broken orignial with Locker II but I still have
Can refills from locker I be used with locker II ? I'm needing to replace mine but still have quite a few refills that I don't want to waste.
How do the bag cartridges work? Does one cartridge contain multiple bags?
Are these bags similar to Diaper Genie refill bags?
I've seen a couple comments that talk about the size of the opening in litter locker II being small. Is it smaller thn the opening in litter locker I
Where is it manufactured?
how does one adjust the legs
Where can one get extra bowls that will fit this feeder. This is the best elevated feeder.
What is this product made of, Wood?
What are the dimensions of these liners?
What about cat with claws? Does the scratching make the liners rip or fail? Thanks!
what size are these? I have a very large covered pan.
are the liners all together or do you have to seperate each liner one by one and then lay it in the litter box??
Has anyone used this with lighter weight clumping litter (like Tidy Cat naturals?) Does it sift well using light litter?
How do they stay in place? Are then stretchy or do you use a rubber band to tie it down?
what are the dimensions?
where is this made?
What are the instructions for long/short term storage,when not in use or for the winter? Will it mold if folded for storage?
How many gallons does the large mat need?
Any leakage problem in the seams after time ?
I'm looking for something to put in my chihuahua's carrier when I take the train to the suburbs to keep him cool. Would this be a good option?
If the item is for INDOOR use as the fine print states, why is there a picture of the item being used OUTSIDE?
Hi, it's 3 pad like the picture for $28.38 ? or just one ?
Can I put the cooling pad on my couch? My dog sleeps on the couch all day when I'm not home so I'd like to put it underneath so he cools off.
How long does it take for the cool to regenerate?
I bought 2 of these for my Bernese Mountain dog, but one of them is leaking - is there a way to patch them?
Does this product travel well? I want to take it when we go camping with the Dog.. do you move yours a lot, does anything bad happen?
What is the size of the medium?
Where is this product made?
Has anyone tried putting this on their bed for your dog to lay on? Does it still work?
would a canary be able to get out through the bars.. are they close together? or would the bird get out
Do these bird cages have slide out tray for cleaning?
What is the exact width of the bird cages? I see 3 different answers in previous question &amp; want to confirm. I ordered &amp; cancel bc of discrepancy.
How long in inches are the slot openings on the top of the large cage? Would you be able to fit a standard size birthday card through it?
Would thes birdcage work well as card holders?
Hi - please can you tell me the width of each cage? Thanks
Hi - please can you tell me the width of each cage? Thanks
Are these sturdy enough to hold plants?
what is depth and width?
the height of 21 " does that include the very top of bird cage?
What are the diameters of the two sizes of the cage?
I am thinking about using the cage as a plant protector. Can the bottom be removed so to fit over the plant?
Can be use to put real 2 birds, big enough for at least they can move a little bit around ?
Are these beautiful looking cages true antiques or are they reproductions? Also is there a removable tray in each one? Thanks so much.
can birdsgo in them ?
How far apart are the wires on the sides and does the bottom open in some way for cleaning?
is the smaller cage big enough for a canary
It says in the description the big one is 24" in height and the small is 16", is that from the top of the cage or the top of the hook?
I have a roughly 50 pound Labradoodle. Would XL be the right size for her weight or would the XXL be the better choice?
What type of neck opening does this jacket have? Seems like I read on one review or description that it can be opened more for putting on/taking off?
My dog has a 35in chest with an xl fit my dog?
I have a 90 LB dog... Will the XL fit, do you think? I have a very hard time "sizing" him.. I've sent back more sweaters than I can count....
What's the max weight for this?
Is it airline approved ?
Does this carrier deliver assembled?
How wide is the doorway?
is this carrier airline approved
does it have a pad?
Is this a secure option for a dog that will be 10 pounds? It seems like all the reviews are for cats.
Is this too big to take onboard an aircraft?
Can I easily remove the front door so that my cat can go in and out of the carrier easily for use as her "bed"?
Hi, I wanted to know if this is big enough for a medium sized rabbit to live in for a few days if I take the rabbit out every now and then.
Is it big enought for a BIG kitty. My biggest cat is 22 lbs and is 23" long, not counting his tail, and 14" tall. I can't find one to fit him! Help!
my cat is about 14 lbs and difficult to handle - is this pet mate two door top load an easy loading carrier
What size are the openings on the front and top grate?
Is this approved for airline check-in requirements?
whats the measurements????
HOW TALL IS IT AND WIDE PLEASE
will this carrier fit two 10 lb cats? is it advisable to put two cats in a carrier?
Hi My cat is 20 pound ... I was wondering if this carrier is enough durable to carry him
Would this be good for an 11 hr car trip with a calm-ish 6.5lb cat? Also is there room for a small water dish inside?
how much weight will it hold
What is the size of this aquarium? Does it use electricity?
how many gallons does this hold and why type of fish if you know can I put in here
How much is it weight
will this light work with a timer? I plan to use it in my sump over the refugium.
Would this light be suitable for growing plants in a 7 gallon freshwater aquarium?
will this put off enough light to grow corals in a 10 gallon saltwater tank
They fail to mention that this is a miniture brush for tiny dogs or a cat.
Why do the handles on both the brush and the "rake" swivel?
How do I clean the brush?
I have 2 Cavachons that will get small knots. I am wondering if this will work well with them.
How do open it up to put the batteries in.
Work well for cats?
how do you replace the grinding band on this product?
What is the warranty on this grinder?
Will Dremmel replacement bands work on this (that I can buy at Home Depot)?
Does this have the power to do big dogs with really thick nails?
Can it be used without the guard?
May I know the speed of this nail grinder
Can you use this product on cockatiel's nails?
WHAT SIZE BATTERIES ARE REQUIRED?
What is the difference between this (rake) and the deshed tool?
Does this have a release button for the hair ?
Can this one be used on a large dog, about 60 lbs siberian husky, medium-long hair?
Is it suitable for Bernese Mt Dogs ? The handle on my Furminator under the rubber cover has snapped in half. Just looking for new type of rake.
What is the width of the brush where the "teeth" are?
Right for 2lbs yorkies ?
Would this work well on my Blue Heeler? Or would different style work better? He has super thick medium length hair.
would you recommend this for a yorkie?
What is the correct use for this brush? Do I use it before Slicker Brush or instead of it? Once a week is ok? For large long-haired non-shedding dog.
How effective is this for removing burrs? I have the regular large Furminator but it doesn't do a great job at removing burrs from my Golden.
Does this fit the Midwest small iCrate?
What are the dementions of this crate cover? Also, how does the panels stay opened?
What's size of crate does this fit? I know it says small, but I have a crate that is 24.5"Longx17.5"widex, 19.5tall
Does this have an opening on the top for a handle to come through?
What is best selling areation pumps for 10x19x4feet deep
what is the amps of the pump?
Is this pump weatherproof or does it have to be placed in a warm enclosed area?
how many volts is this running?
how do you put in information for collar
what width is the small collar?
are the sizes in inches ?
Helo the collare are: bl br, rb, navy b, red, org, yellow, pink, teal, purple, lav, lime g,etc but what are the thread col?coll col in every size plz?
Size: I cames in different sizes?
is this just one tag or is it 3 tags?
How do I select which color tag I want?
Can it be used for two large cats?
do you need the black base
does it lock into place, or roll around when the kitty gets in.. My cat Huey would freak out if it moved while he was in it.
what size is the opening?
I have a yorkie she weighs about 11 pounds will a med size front carrier be right for her
does it work?
I have a 12 pound mini dachshund the breed is a little longer than your average small dog do you think a medium would work...?
I have a 15lb Pomeranian, should I go with a medium or large?
Will a medium fit a 16 lbs terrier?
i have a miniature dashchund he's got short legs and long body weighs 11lbs is this ok for him large
What size should I order for a 5 lb Yorkie?
is there a hole for the tail?
ok for king charles dog??
currently my teddy bear pup is 6lbs at 13 weeks, I'm thinking she might be around 10 pounds?? small or medium
I have an 11.5lb yorkie poo, 13in from neck to tail, 16in chest. Is large the right size?
will this (or does anyone know of a legs in front carrier that will) carry a 25 lb. french bulldog?
Is the position safe for a dog's back?
i have a full grown miniature schnauzer, she weighs no more than 15lbs. do you think she would fit?
Will the large hold my 15Ib corgi mix?!
Will this fit for my pomeranian? Neck 13, girth 17 1/2 and top line is 14
Would a mini dachshund fit? Neck size and body girth seem fine, but I'm worried about the long body preventing him from reaching all 4 leg holes.
Does this have a clip so you can hook the dog's collar to it in case he tries to jump out?
Would a large be too big for an 8 lb Shihtzu?
Hello what is the weight limit on this carrier? what is the material how does it fasten the dog in? I didn't any descriptions.
I know, but has anyone tried this with a cat?
Is there a way to attach two together? I have two under 3 lb Chihauhuas and would like to carry them both at the same time.
My chihuahua is 5 pounds. When I buy something thinking it will fit her it is too small because her body is long. What size do you recommend?
What is the little "Cosmo" velcro piece used for?
Will my 8 lb maltese fit in small?
what size do you recommend for a 6 lb morkie?
I have a Chiweenie of 6 pounds. She is a rescue and is terrified to walk on the street on a leash. I have to carry her everywhere I go. Will she fit in the small size? Does it hurt their little hips to have one leg in each hole? I ordered the striped...
My little baby girl is seven pounds. Would she fit in here?
I have a 2 lb yorkie, will this be to big for him?
My question is more about ME than my baby :) I'm a big girl, 5;8" and about 240 lbs. Would this carrier fit ME?
would it fit into an eheim 2128 (16/22 mm) hosing? Thanks.
I'm looking to stop something nasty that's lurking in my tank. I was directed to this! Is this compatible with a fluval 305?
Will this unit fit a Fluval 206 cannister hosing?
What size tubing do the nozzles fit?
Does it need to be completely out of the water or can it be partially submersed, i.e. could I have it sitting in my sump?
What would be a really good inline UV stirilizer for a 29 gallon tank using a Fluval 206 cannister ?
Will a RIO 1400 pump be too strong for this sterilizer?
What kind of flow should be put through the uv for a 125 tank? ei want pump size would work best for it?
I have an air-driven HMF filter in my 10 gallon shrimp tank. What kind of pump or powerhead would I need to use this?
Is this product compatible with 220-240V?
What size tubing works best with this siphon?
would it work in a 5 gallon carboy?
Does this come with the tubing?
Does this come with vinyl tube?
Can I siphon from a 750mm wine bottle
Does it work on 3 gallon carbon?
would it siphon from a 750mm wine bottle
Do you need a clamp, or is that optional?
what size of tubing does it need?
What is this mini siphon made of? Plastic, glass, etc? I will be using it for chemicals. Thanks.
Is this good for making ToFu ? Is this eatable ?
To use this Gypsum for tofu, how much do I add per quart of soymilk?
Is this the same as gluconolactone
I want to make tofu, is this product food grade and to be used as a coagulant in tofu making? A review below has me questioning this.
Is this pure Calcium Sulphate? Or at least what is the purity?
Does food grade gypsum expire?
I have two cats and between the two they weigh 32 lbs. can I use yur carrier for them ?
Are the Pet Trekker Portable Folding Carriers stackable?
The front door on this carrier has fallen apart. Can it be replaced?
Do the wheels have any way to be locked?
the pet carrier is safe to travel on plane?
Does this lid latch on or just sit on the bottom? Need one where urine will not leak out!
is this box really 17" high?
I have a large (15 lb) cat, he is not fat, just long and tall. Will he fit? And can you purchase additional pans separately?
I would like clarification on why this litter box is any different from any regular one. Not seeing how it is a 'side entry' or top entry??
I have a question concerning possible urine leakage. Specifically, how far does the inner lip of the top extend below the top of the bottom part of the litter box?
How high is the back of the bottom pan?
can this box be used outside as a shelter on the porch?
Does this box help prevent dogs from getting into the kitty litter?
size: How do I know what size to get my dog?
is this good for yorkies
I have a toy poodle who is about 10 pounds. What size should I order?
I have a 100 lb rottweiler. Will size 5 fit her?
How would I determine (measure) the correct size for my 11.5 lb Chihuahua/Cocker Spanial Mix. She hates rain. Please advise before ordering.
What type of door does it have in the front?
Is the top hook sturdy enough to hand from the pole?
It doesn't come with a grate for the bottom to keep the bird from walking around in the droppings?
The first description says it has 3 feeders and 3 perches but the product description at the bottom says it has 2 feeders and 2 perches. Also, says it is 17" diameter and 27" in length and bottom description says 16.5" by 22" length. Please clarify...
will it house two parakeets
Is the slogan on the back or chest? Is there a leash/lead hole?
Would this fit a female boston terrier?She is 5 years old.
Does this item ship to Mexico?
I have a rottie, what size do you prefer that i should get?
Would this fit a French bulldog?
would this fit a yorkie/terry
i have a Mini Schnauzer that weighs 16lbs, would she be medium?
What size would a corgi typically wear? Going by your sizing chart they would wear a size XL. Is that right?
Are you selling 5 packages of the 6count? The description is unclear.
what is the expiration dates on these bully sticks and are they 6" sticks as advertised?
am i reading this correct, you get 5 packs with 6 sticks in each pack
The filter suddenly stopped producing bubbles. It sits there and makes soft gurgling sounds but I can't seem to get bubbles to come out...
How is the filter? Hear lots of reviews about filter strength and durability. Any good feedback on those two things appreciated. Thanks
is there a place to put a heater, with an opening for the cord.
Does the aquarium comenwith a heater, rocks/pebbles, and plastic plants?
Is the filter optional? Is it removeable?
What is the total weight of the tank with water and fully stocked? I want to put it on a wall-mounted shelf
Does this have a clear light or do you have to use one of the colored lights?
Does it have a blue light option for glo fish? My daughter is looking for a tank for a few glo fish. This says it has 4 color selections, but it doesn't specify what colors.
Is the tank clear all around or is the backside black? Thanks.
Can I use this Aquarius for gold fish
I have a sport dog training collar and a remote that I use to correct behavior. I nee a new charging cord. Is this compatible with an FT-100b, SWR/1?
Is this charger compatible with the PetSafe Yard &amp; Park Remote Dog Trainer, PDT00-12470?
Is this a charger for two OR three prongs? The product pictures are not consistent.
Please clarify your response: Will this charge the rechargeable collar that comes with PIF00-12917 Stay and Play?
Is this compatable with the PIF00-12917?
It looks like there's a dual end on the wire. Can anyone tell me if I charge 2 collars simultaneously?
What is the texture of this food? Is it pate style or chunks in a sauce? Are all of the flavors grain free?
Is there grain in this?
ingredients list?
Is the fish used in Tiki harvested from pacific waters? Fukushima radioactivity?
does tiki make pate. my cats will not eat anything chunky or flaked or sliced?
I can't find a recommended daily portion for a cat based on age/weight? Suggestions?
what size is it?
Is there any sort of break away or elastic safety section for cats?
What size are the spikes on the collar?
I have a 15 pound rat terrier mutt and he can get in the clever cat kitty litter with top entry. Will he be able to get in under here?
I have a large cat (13 lbs). Will he be able to get inside?
Will this keep my pugs out since they are only 23 lbs?
It says "flap" does the opening actually have a flap or just an opening like the picture looks?
This box does not appear to have a handle. Is that correct? Do you have to just pick up the whole thing (yuck)?
Does your cat still track litter everywhere outside the box? Do you need to also buy a mat to trap the litter?
What is the odor flap? Does it actually have a door flap on the inside?
Does the lid on this box snap into place or just sit on the pan? I have 2 large cats that constantly knock the top off of their current box.
What are the dimensions of this litter box? The Amazon description says 1 x 1 x 1 inch, which seems highly unlikely.
Does this come with a filter?
There are only 2 boots shown in the photo. Is the price for 2 or 4 boots?
What are the measurements for these doggie boots (all sizes being offered)?
What size should I get for a 16 pound Dachshund?
My Pom gets cold feet in the wintery slush. I'm hoping to get these for Christmas. Are these boots waterproof?
My dog is 3.5 lbs. and need to know if the size would fit him.
Are these small enough for a 3.5 pound shorthaired chihuahua?
Would a golden retriever be size large or medium?
The picture only shows 2 boots, so how many come in 1 order?
I live in maine, snow is bad, are they workable in snow too? thanks
Will the medium size fit a 35lbs cocker spaniel?
How many come in this pack?
will this boot fit a 15 lb wired hair terrier?
Do you have a sizing chart for these?
are there 4 of them? and about what type of dog would this fit? mine is 25 lbs
where can i find the size chart? thx
what type of foam material is used for the inside?
how deep is each step, as in how many inches front to back on each step?
So when this is bumped up to the bed - is the top at 24 inches then?
i have a 65 lb dog who has a leg problem will these help her on /off the bed
Does this come already assembled?
we have a 85 lb. lab, is this appropriate for a dog that size?
how high is each step?
I can't find any washing instructions anywhere on the cover, please help
How high is the box without the shield on?
If I want to use it in the Merry Cat Washroom item (whose interior dimensions are 18.5x16.5x18.5) it appears to be 1/2-inch too big. Will it fit ?
Is this lrg enough for big breed cats?
What are the dimensions of the box with the side pieces attached?
I'm trying to determine the actual foot print of the box. If you flip it over and measure the bottom, what is the L X W?
Is there a choice of colors?
I use a litter that 'absorbs' the liquid so no clumping so scooping won't be a problem. However, I do like to use liners - but what fits?
What is the best cat litter to use for kittens
Is scoop included?
Does this litter box have a top or is it open to the air? My cats won't use a box that is totally enclosed.
my dog weighs under 10 lbs. will this fit him?
How long will a charged battery last before needing to be recharged?
what is the largest length? We have an English Bulldog with a very big neck.
I have a boxer, will this work on him? Or is this collar suited to small breeds?
We ordered this collar in May and it worked on our dog for months but now doesn't seem to stop her from barking. We charge the battery regularly.
Does it work if your dog whines a lot?
What materials is this made out of? Are the perches very sturdy for the cats to lounge on and what size are they?
Does anyone know what the material covering it is? My cat loves to scratch this stuff, which is great but the thing is falling apart :c
I am a little concerned this may be knocked loose and perhaps fall and damage something. Is the top "foot" wide enough to prevent this?
Is it worth the price? Do the cats play on it or treat it like boring furniture? I don't want to get this and then have my kitties ignore it.
How much weight will this hold? I have two cats that weigh almost 20 lbs each so I looking for for something really sturdy.
What are the dimensions of the individual shelves? Also what are the heights of each shelf off the floor? Thanks
I have 15 foot ceilings. if I get two can I combine them together to fit my space?
Would the lowest measurement for the ceiling height be. I live I a motorhome.
I have 9' high ceilings; will this product work for me?
I live in an apartment where all ceilings are popcorn inside &amp; the only smooth ceiling slants 30 degrees up. Can I jury rig this to work w/o damage?
Is the height ajustable? What is the covering material?
What is the maximum height of this? Our ceilings are about 10ft high.
Can someone help me with measurements? What are the dimensions of the base and the widest part (if that makes sense).
Do you need to drill your ceiling to attach it? Will it work with popcorn ceiling? Are shelves made of cardboard too?
Also is the top mount a spring loaded thing to fit against the ceiling.
Hi, I would like to know the size of the box it is delivered. May you help me on this?
Is it stable?
Could you set it up as a pole without the shelves? If so would there be gaps in the rug where the shelves are supposed to go?
7ft ceiling ok??
Will the spring self-adjust to the slant on a vaulted ceiling? Please say yes!! Lol
Can this be washed in the washing machine on soak cycle?
Is the material slippery for the dog? Will my dog slide around and feel uncomfortable?
Would this fit a 2013 Toyota Prius?
What is the difference between the XL and the X-Large SUV?
I just purchased this seat cover for our 2013 Tundra double cab. It does not seem to fit my seat 'like a glove'. It seems like it needs to slide back so the front seam aligns with the edge of the seat. The problem is once I put the neoprene corners on,...
Does anyone know how to secure the straps around the "shoulders" of the seat?(when you don't have headrests?)
Does anyone use this dog hammock in a 2013 Subaru Forester? I am wondering which size to get.
Will this fit a 1990 Acura Legend L Sedan? I want to be certain to cover all exposed areas of leather seats, and read the reg size is 6" too narrow.
I'm thinking of using to cover the well in an Audi A4, my dog doesn't fall into the well. Anyone have any ideas if this is strong enough?
Is it possible to use this hammock to cover the cargo area (3rd row laid down flat) of a 2014 expedition?
Should I order a standard size or XL for a Nissan Xterra? (55 lb. dog)
We have a Ford F350 4 door, Is the X-Large big enough for the big back seats?
Has anyone used this cover in a 2014 Toyota Tacoma Double Cab? Does it cover the entire seat? I have cloth seats and need the coverage.
Is it good for nail protection? I have a 110 lb dog and his nails scratching my leather is my biggest worry. Will this work for his giant nails? :)
Is this cover machine washable?
how do you prevent dog hair from getting through the seat belt holes?
my house is all tile with wide grout lines, will it get into the grout?
How long can the battery last?
How well does it work on pet hair?
Will this vacuum work for cat litter on regular carpet?
does it pick up sand
I have soft hardwood floors. Will it pickup dust, lint, and tiny bits of debris without scratching or causing harm to the floors?
Found that Good Housekeeping Magazine did a comparison for best "stick vacs" and this had best rating....but not sure if this is same one.....??
Does this vacuum come in an unopened box with a warranty in it?
Where do I buy a replacement battery for this vacuum? THANK YOU FOR YOUR TIME.
Hi! I have 3 pets &amp; an old house. So I have a lot of fur &amp; dust. Will this do the job? How long of a warranty? How long before I can send it back?
What is the average calcium content per serving?
Is this food for large breed puppy my vet says I need latge breed puppy food?
Is this food natural and comparable with Blue Buffalo or Wellness? Thank you
The description states it contains fish protein. I had been using the Bison &amp; Roasted Venison Puppy food. Is this the same, if not does Amazon carry?
Are any ingredients in this food come from or produced in China?
Should there be tiny holes in a grid pattern up and down both sides of the bag or is my bag defective? I always thought it should be air tight.
Is this the salmon flavor? And does it have actual salmon in it? Thanks.
would this help my 8 month old rottweiler or should he get adult food ? he is a parvo survivor &amp; always hungry &amp; itching from purina food &amp; poops ALOT
Does anyone know the difference between this bison/venison one versus the Pacific Stream? Is it just the flavor meat vs fish?
Does anyone know what the kibble size is on this? I'm looking for high quality large kibble dog food to slow my dog from gulping food down.
High Prairie vs. Pacific Stream puppies: What do you use?
Is this suitable for large breed puppies?
avail in 5lb bags?
My puppy is on the prairie formula right now but I'm thinking of switching her to this one... has anyone transitioned their dog? if so, how?
I've been ordering "TOTW High Prairie Dry for Puppy, my 7 m old springer started not finishing his food. Is it possible to get a sample of this?
Is this a good food for a large breed puppy?
What is the protein content in the Pacific Stream Dry Dog Food for Puppy?
Does it list GMOs free on the bag? Thank you
New owners, will be away from home 35 days. expect we will be feeding 4 c / day. How many days will a 15 lb bag last?.
The title says 30 lb bag, but the photo says 5 lb bag. Feedback anyone?
Will this work with a retractable leash? Thank you!
can you walk multiple dogs with this
I wonder how this would do with my power wheelchair. I only have the use of one hand so both the leash and the joystick to drive the wheelchair needs
How do you attach it to the leash?
Is the clip metal?
Would like to use this on a belt with my 2 dogs (one is 20" at the shoulder, one is maybe 26") - what length cords should I choose?
How long is it end-to-end?
How much does it weigh?
How strong is this? I have three very large dogs. (I'd only be walking one at a time, but it needs to last)
green?
can the wire floor be removed for the cage to used as a guinea pig cage?
Would a litter pan large enough for a rabbit fit in this cage so you don't have to use the wire floor/bedding--opt for fleece instead?
What are the dimensions?
with this cage do you put bedding for rabbit? if so how does the poop fall to the tray?if you don't put bedding isnt the wire floor uncomfortable
Would this be suitable for a hamster?
Will this cage be big enough for two Holland Lop rabbits?
I have this cage can I purchase just the shelf and ramp?
Can anyone please tell me the dimension of this cage? I can't seem to find it anywhere.
which way does the door open? if you leave it open, can a rabbit get in/out?
How big is this cage? I do not see dimanetions. Thanks
can I use this for my cats i feel bad leaving them when i walk to the post office 2 blocks away ?
Does this product strap to the front of you or just the back?
do you ship outside the U.S?
i have ferrets one weighing 1.9lb and the other 2.9lb will they fit in this?
Can you tell me what the leg hole spacing is on the medium?I got the small for my chihuahua, but her front legs come out above the neckline.
my cat is 15 pounds and I Am going to show him in a cat show and I need one so what size should I get? Small medium or large?
I have 3 grown cats, one close to 15 lbs. Will this cat tree support them all?
Leopard is carpet or faux fur? Construction is? Weight is ?
What is the size of the area across the top cushion &amp; what is the size of the top platform across? My part maine coon is 151/2 - 16pds, nine years old and absolutely beautiful (=^.^= told me to type the beautiful part); but he likes to curl up in a...
How many chews per box?
this comes with 12 boxes? It seems priced low for 12 boxes, I just want to make sure
How many chews are in a box?
Are the chews in the 5 oz boxes smaller than the chews in the 9 oz boxes ?
in place of the city and state, is it possible for 2 lines of type, in my case..LINE 1 NH3/hemoglobin/Alert LINE 2 Mobility/Pull assist
How do you receive an image to put on the tag? E mail?
Can "Service" be changed to "Therapy"?
Bryant is my mobility asist dog. Does he need any other ID in public other then this one attached to his collar?
Can the card be made without the slips for the attachment part to the collar I would like to use it as a wallet card only
Do the cards come with a clasp to attach to a collar or vest? Thanks!
what is the tag made of and can there be something on the back?
Can I put my Dog's registration number on the card, and can I put PTSD Service Dog on the card?
The item is for 2 service tags, I have 2 yorkies that I use for therapy dogs, Since I get 2 cards, can I use one for each of them?
Can you put 2 of these together?
would this be a good place to keep an adult boxer for the day? or would he find a way to get out
How wide are the spaces between the bars? Do you think a rat could fit in them?
Does the front panel open and close like a gate?
Are the panels 24 x 24 or the total dimensions 24 x 24?
is it good for a ferret
Why haven't you listed the ingredients/nutritional facts?
I'm considering switching my dog from the more expensive Nutro Natural Choice to the Max. Is the Max still a high quality food?
How does this compare to California Natural?
Why has Amazon raised the price of this by $10 a bag in the last 2 weeks?! This was going to be my new place to buy, but now it isn't cheaper anymore
A Full list INGREDIENTS, PLEASE?
How tall is the step over (rise)?
Is the height on this product adjustable? my door is 91 3/4 inches, also can it be used in a vinyl door? Thank you!!
Do you have any panels big enough for a giant breed close to 200 pounds?
Does this door stay stationary or can it slide with the door?
I am trying to decide between the large and extra large dog door. Any idea on the dog weight maximum on the large?
How tall is between the bottom of the door and the bottom of the flap, i.e. how many inches will my dog need to lift her paws to step over the bottom?
i must have a off size patio door measuring 89.5 inches! what size door do i niid?
does this product allow you to lock the sliding door to lock onto it?
I need this item by Friday at the latest. Thanks!
Would a 10pound cat be able to push/go through the flap with ease?is it not too heavy?
The picture looks as though some type of door is included. Is there? Also, I noticed that the shipping weight is 253 lbs, is that right ?
Could you put a cat in this?
Would a 10 lb dog be ok in a small or medium sized treadwheel? also do your dogs enjoy being on it?
Is there a door enclosing the pet into the treadmill?
Is there a place where we can try out this treadmill?
My dog is 35 pounds and only a year old so he may get a little heavier. He's a standard schnauzer. Would this be alright for him?
I see you have a couple of these with similar model numbers. What's the difference between 62350 and EP62350?
It looks like our collar is a model A130040013602. Will the battery work?
does this replace the power cap?
Is this compatible with model r549132088913 (on back of collar) our system says ict50a/lp3000 ?
How can you tell what receiver you have?
How long will these batteries generally last? 3 months or 6 months?
Will these batteries work with the Boundary Plus Invisible Fence System?
Is it possible for this and similarly designed coops to blow over in the wind? I'm worried because there is no way of anchoring it down.
Any one have this for over a year? Wondering about durability in weather?
How do you prevent predators (raccoons) from digging underneath?
Can the length be extended to accommodate more chickens
I want just for sleeping area for my 3 Pekin ducks who will free range outside the run. Ducks do not roost. Will this accommodate them?
Is this wood treated
this is 12 packs with 4 plugs in each pack?
what is the diameter and length of each plug?
is this 12 packs or 12 plugs?
Is this for a total of twelve cobs?
I bought this product at Lowes and have not opened it yet but don't see a 'feeder' inside of see-through packaging. What do you attach corn to?
exactly how many logs are supplied for this price. total 6 or 12 logs?
Has anyone noticed these either attracting pigeons, or that pigeons specifically seem to be uninterested?
Are these made in the USA? If not, where are they made? Thank you!
One of the reviews mentioned that the paste smells like bacon. How strong is the bacon smell? We're having problems giving meds to our cat.
What are the ingredients?
My dog needs a hydrolyzed protein diet, and I'm looking for something to give him pills in. Does this have protein?
Why has price doubled in the last month since I ordered last for $6 something????
What is the shelf life? I want to buy it and keep it for future as right now my cats aren't taking any medication.
Is this made in the USA?
Is this made in the USA?
Are these completely USA Made?
What is the bone made out of? It is very hard and heavier than any other bone we have had.
Should the bone be easily chewed down/ eaten? My puppy easily chewed part of the bone down and I could break off parts she chewed with my finger.
Are they sterilized?
where is this product made?
How heavy a dog will lit support?
How tall is this product?
my dog needs a ramp and should not use steps at all. this appears to have a step at the bottom, does anyone know how high it is?
I have to return this item. How do I disassemble item with out breaking it?
Would you recommend this product for an extremely arthritic, 15 year old cat? It looks kind of steep in the picture.
my cat is old..and can't jump on bed...will this be suitable
can you order a carpet tread replacement from Amazon
How is this a stair/ramp combo? It appears to be only a ramp. Is it reversible with steps on the underside?
I have a small Yorkie, and all other hardness do not fit, will this fit him? I am guessing he is 5 pounds
Would it fit my guinea pig?
Has anyone tried using this with a rat? My granddaughter has a rat and wants a harness for it so she can take it on walks. Any suggestions?
would this work for a bearded dragon?
Would it also work for a chinchilla?
Do you get all three or just one?
will the small fit a hamster?
I would love to purchase your Ferrit haness, but I need to make sure it is a large? The harness is actually for my Yorkie. I
would it work for a rat?
Is there a certain weight limit for this product? I have two large dogs (108lbs and 80lbs). I wonder if this is strong enough?
Can I attach clip from another dog's harness to the same hook? Both my dogs are under 10 lbs.
what is the minimum and maximum lenght adjustements?
If there was an accident and this is attached to the shoulder seat belt, does the shoulder belt STOP or "give" like it does when humans move around?
Can it be used in a volvo xc90 and Audi a5?
Does this seatbelts keep the air bag from deploying an accident?
How do I use this with a Kurgo booster seat? the tether supplied is too short and when she moves it gets stuck under her belly.
A lot of comments say it has no rubber backing and bunches up easily but a video I saw and some say it does. Which is it?
Is this the same as a bath mat? I have a bath mat really similar to this WITH a rubber backing, cost less than half of this.
I couldn't find anywhere what the size of this rug is. Could someone please tell me the size? Thanks a bunch.
Is this mat truly waterproof? I am looking for something to keep my hard wood floor from getting wet underneath of it.
I haven't put it in the dryer yet - takes forever to line dry. Has anyone put it in the dryer?
can i buy one in a store
For anyone who has the khaki color. Would like to get the khaki but am worried about it looking dirty/muddy. Does anyone have this problem with it?
Has anyone put one of these outside? The one we bought will not fit under our back door, so right now it is sitting under the water bowl.
What is the fiber content of this mat? Is it all polyester or does it also have polyamide?
Does this rug have all fiber on both sides - or does it have a full or partial rubber backing?
How do you wash and dry it? It does not matter if it is maroon or not.
Does the rug slip around?
Does the maroon look red or maroon? The photo makes it look very red.
Is it available without the paw print design? Makes it look tacky. I don't want my home decor to "go to the dogs"
How does it work trapping sand?
Is this mat non-skid?
What is the size? Dimensions?
what size is this rug?
This is an awesome rug, however I discovered that the maroon rug when it got wet, stained my tile floor underneath. Do the other colors do that?
is it good for taking hamsters on planes and cars ,I am moving so I need a good travel carrier.
Would this be good for a parakeet?
what does it comes with does it come with a eatter bolltel and a food dish
can I use this pet carrier for my mini lop rabbit ??
Would my hedgehog fit comfortably in this?
Can you use washable puppy pads in these? My yorkie pees half on/half off his washable pads so that is why I'm wanting the frame.
Will 22x22 pads work in this holder?
I have the Iris holder and my dog pulls the pads out no matter how i snap them in? Does anyone have experience using both and it this one better?
Does the tray slide on ceramic or wood flooring? Or does it have stoppers on the bottom?
I just use newspaper for my dog - will paper work with this?
can i use with 21x21 pad?
How large of a dog can use it?
What size training pads will it hold?
Will Four Paws Wee Wee Pads, which are 23x24 fit on these? Its the one Amazon sells in 100 box form.
What color is the 23.5 X 23.5 pad holder?
My pet rat is a classroom pet. He gets taken home on the weekends by various students. Would this be a good weekend home?
can it be used for a senegal parrot?
Would this be big enough for 2 ferrets?
is it for cats?
Can this fit a bunny?
would the large fit for three guinea pigs?
would this be big enough for a single 3 lb holland lop?
would this be suitable for a chinchilla? thanks!
would it hold 3 rats for 1 and 1/2 weeks
Is it big enough for 2 guinea pigs
Can you add the ovo tubes
will this be too small for my short hair hamster (5-6")?
is ther a door on the cage because i dont see one?
Would this also be a good size for a teddy bear hampsters?
Can you use the kaytee tubes with this?
what is that little orange box in the corrner
Are the bars close enough together to prevent a mouse escaping?
Can you connect more than one accessory to this cage? I see one connector but am interested in getting the "bargain" Ovo Tower/mini Maze combo too.
How big is the wheel?
Would this cage work for a pair of small female mice?
are the shelves carpeted?
is this good for 2 cats
I have two cats, one weighs 21 lbs, the other is probably between 15lbs to 18lbs, can this tree bungalow handle my boys?
What size are the perches is it for bigger cats.
What are the heights of the shleves and the roof of the bungalow from the floor?
hello. I wonder if this product has any way to clean or wash it, because cats have a natural odor
I know my 12 lb. persian would love the top shelf but is it large enough and sturdy enough so he won't fall off? 12x13 seems pretty small.
what material is this cat tree made of?
What color is this ? It is hard to tell in the picture. Thanks.
how tall is it
would this be strong enough to move water down 8" through a 4" round 3' Canister Filter then back up 20" back to tank
power working but no water coming out
Can this be attached to an undergravel filter (actually a sponge filter)? Tubing is 1" OD thinwall rigid tubing.
is the plug 2 or 3 prong?
What size tubing works with this pump?
I there a filter in this pump design?
Could you please let me know how I set up the attachments so that water comes out the top into the 18" plastic tube (included) to create a waterfall?
Does it come with a power cord?
Can I use this tank for a freshwater setup?
Amazon states there is one left in stock. What color is it?
Is this aquarium the white or the black color?
Can I put the aquaclear foam on bottom &amp; use biomax rock on top, without the carbon in middle
Does this filter come with a prefilter sponge that goes over the intake tube to prevent small fish/shrimp from being sucked into the filter?
what is the overall size of this filter?
what is the overall size of this filter?
Would this be suitable for a 7 gallon freshwater planted aquarium housing a betta?
Does anyone know the innner dimensions (how deep) for the sump? I'd like to maybe get this filter and take out the filter media and put in a small heater.
I'm going to toss the factory sponges and get the aquaclear biomax 20 and aquaclear foam. Does the foam go in first and then the biomax rocks?
Does this come with the pre-filter sponge or do I have to buy that separately?
Would this fit in the cover's filter space of a Marineland Crescent 5?
is this tank refillable?
I cannot understand how this thing works. How do I use it to attain a specified level of co2 in the tank?
Does the kit include CO2 tubing?
Will it work with smaller cartridges? Like the "standard" 16 gram units?
What is the weight limit of this item?
Has anyone used this carrier on AA? They say 19" x 13" x 9". Can it be smashed a little to fit under the seat height of 9"?
I would like the length, width and height of the carrier
What is the dimensions
What is max weight of animal that will fit? Have 20# jack russell/pug.....
I have a minature dacshund who is really quite long. I can't seem to find any she can fit in without her nose sticking out. would this work ?
Would a 10 pound maltese fit in this one to travel internationally through AA?
Does this carrier have any side pockets to hold our personal items? Paperwork, phone, or ticket?
Is the carrier's weight really 1.8lbs? I need an accurate measure for my dog to travel with me on board.
Would a 10 lb. cockapoo puppy fit in this comfortably?
how can you order the larger size?
Will this cover fit a 2014 Toyota Tacoma Truck limited? Thanks
is it washable
what color is this ??
I have a 12 lb shih tzu, do I buy this 6-inch scissor or should I get the same Conair in the 7-inch size?
I have a standard poodle puppy 4months. What are the best clippers to clean the hair out of ears
Is the blade 6" or the overall size 6"?
Would these shears work for a lefty?
how is it for thick hair?
what is the length ? and can it be horizontal ?
What is the maximum temperature of the unit? I need one that can go to 125 degrees fahrenheit. (No, it's not for fish)
Could you please inform me where the water line is on the unit? Looking at it from the point of view when I change water weekly and height of my tank. Thanks for your time.
Does this come with a thermometer that i can measure the tempature of the water with?
Could you use this in a plastic tank?
ii see the red numbers are in celsius....can it be changed to read fanrenheit in the red area
can I use this heater on a 20 galons fresh water tank?
yes, can I use this heater on a 20 galons fish tank?
What is the minimum temperature. I want to keep my goldfish at 68 degrees Fahrenheit.Thanks!
can this be used in a 5-gal tank? Just a few guppies for my kittens to watch.
I have a 7.5 wat heater for my 3 gallon betta fish tank, but its not enough. If I buy this one, is the wattage to much?
Does anyone use this heater in a 5 gallon tank? I have had it running for a few days &amp; the temp will swing from 80 all the way down to 73 within hours
is there a minimum water depth that this has to be in? looking for one to put in somewhat shallow water.
What are the actual dimensions of the heater itself? Does it cut off once it has reached the set temperature?
what are the exact dimensions , i need it to be 8 in. no longer
Does any one uses this heater in a aqueon 2.5 gallon aquarium? does it works well in it? is this item UL liested?
will the packaging leak while it's shipping?
How many ounces is this? Nothing in description on volume. Dr. Tim's sells 2oz. and 4oz.
Does your's come with a dropper? Mine has a wide mouth for pouring. Is this defect?
How long will this product last? Does it have an expiration date?
API Ammonia Test kit does not seem to read this properly, can someone recommend an Ammonia test they have tried and knows to accurately read this?
Does this stuff smell? I have birds and am concerned with using it around them
would 2 oz . be enough for a 20 gallon tank?
So, what is the difference in sizes, then? Is it the leash length that differs, or the size of the handle, or both? Couldn't find any sizing reference: how long is the small, medium, and large??
Is the handle of the size small large enough to comfortably fit four fingers? Thanks! Update: Thanks everyone!! I probably should have added that I have normal sized fingers :) Just wanted to make sure the handle wasn't miniature sized for the smaller...
Other than the soft grip handle, what are the differences between this Flexi Freedom and Flexi Explore?
how does this keep them cool? is it just the plastic sheet itself /
Does each Cool Pad come with a cover? I realized this business is near me, glad to support local businesses.
I live in Arizona, and only intend to use this pad indoors. Do you think it will work in this clima? Is it resistant enough for a 3 month puppy Lab?
I have a Siberian Husky that will destroy crate bedding when she's bored. Is this durable to withstand her?
I see that this cools foe 3-4 hours. I'm looking for something to keep my dog cool for 8 hours on my bed, what happens if used for longer?
how does it stay cool?
Can I use this on top of my dog's bed or does it need to be on a hard floor? since it's a pressure activated pad.
How long does the pad stay cool when dog is on it, anyhow long does it take to recover the cooling use?
Can these be felt through fabric?
Has anyone used this porduct outside?
If this is in my dog's crate and he's lying on it for more than the 3-4 hours, is there any downside to this? does it get super hot or anything?
I bought the L one for my 28 kg Amstaff but I am very disappointed since it DOES NOT WORK IN HOT CLIMATES like Brazil. Any help?
Can I use it for my100 pound lab?
Does the cooling pad HAVE to be used with the cover? Has anyone made their own cover out of something? (Sheet?)
Would you recommend this mat being on a carpeted floor? I ask because it seems that the mat may not be durable enough to handle my dogs feet poking it
does this pad require adding water
What is the typical temperature of this product and how long will it stay cool?
could I use this outside or would it overheat after the cold is used?
Would this work well for traveling, two small dogs in a bench seat hammock.
I have a 29x21 crate bed that needs cooling. Can the large cooling pad size be tucked in around the crate pad?
is this good for an 8 pound dog
How far does it reach?
What is the operating distance?
I've lost my book, how do I get another one? and does anyone know how to reset it?
I was not able to make te transmitter communicate with the reciecer on collar... all lights are working. Does anyone know how to reset the system?
is it waterproof?
What size does this collar go to?
So are you saying that the same button does all four modes? There is no way to just do vibration or just buzz, etc? Does it advance each time pushed
How much does the collar with the device weigh and how big is the device itself?
this product does not specify a size. I would like to know how big the actual collar is and if it can be used on a small dog (8lbs)
Does the razor trimmer work. I find reviews on the scissors but not the cutter
I just got this set and don't know how to use the 2-sided razor clipper. No instructions. Can anyone help? Thanks.
Where is this set made?
what are the ingredients
does L-Lysine have an expiration date? could not see one on the package
Is the l-lysine tablets for people the same as the l-lysine in this product?
how many mg per chew?
Any tricks on re-moistening them? I have closed the bag tightly both days, but now they are too dry for the cats to want...
Lately, these chews have NOT been chewy at all...and are as hard as a brick. Is it okay to soften them with wet cat food (or baby food)?
How do you get your cat to eat these? Mine won't touch it even when I crush it up and put it into meat.
How many chews come in each bag?
I got cutoff on my original question. Anyhow, 1 bag lists Lysine as the 1st ingredient, the 2nd lists chicken liver &amp; it's 2 strong they wont eat them
I got 2 bags the 1st bag the cats loved. The 2nd was diff. The cat's won't touch them. The bag's look identical except the ingredients. Why?
Where can I get a replacement lamp for this? Our is broken.
How do you stop the motor vibration/hum?
does it come with a heater?
does it come with a filter
What are the dimensions of this tank, as the listed 1x1x1 can't possibly be correct.,
Is it glass or acrylic?
My submersible pump went out tonight and I cannot seem to find a replacement. Anybody had any luck finding the same pump that it came with?
Is it one piece, no glued seams. Thanks
What's the total height including the lamp? Need to make sure this will fit under a cabinet.
where can i get more filters for this product?
is this reef ready to connect to sump tank
Can you have a different stain to this fishstand?
Does the aquarium need to have its top and bottom molding removed to sit on the shelf within the waterline molding?
Does this stand have an open top for a drilled/reef tank with a sump to be used properly?
How do you get the flow from the filter outlet to slow down? I have swirling plants and am afraid any fish I out in will not handle the water flow.
Is there a cover for this tank?
does some body know, how can I reduce the buzing sound on a filter?
does this come with a heater? or an air pump/filtration?
what size filter cartage fits the evolve 4 thank you
Is it made of acrylic? Or plastic? About voltage, is it 100V - 220V?
Does the light with this aquarium really support live plant growth? If so, what light range is it for freshwater plant selection (low/medium)?
i dropped a half bottle of amquel plus in my 125 gal saltwater tank now a white powdery substance is everywhere i cleaned the inside of the tank with a sponge but i have a large blonde naso tang and a large koran angel both are breathing fine after 5...
Assuming a healthy aquarium, how often do you use this?
Im just making sure the product I ordered,AMQUEL PLUS is what I will receive I am just making sure the pic is exactly what I am receiving.Thank You
Hi, if use this then test with API nitrate test will i see results? im at 60 Nitrates right now =(
Why did this show up when I searched for potassium permanganate? Is it in it? How much? What concentration?
This product is supposed to have a very strong odor. The bottle I have doesn't. Is something wrong with it?
Will this fit a 150 Gallon Tall tank?
what are the exact dimension?
Which light can I use with this product? It's made to be used with a light?
I have a center brace going vertically down my 60 gallon marineland tank will this work?
I really need a new top, but I just had the center brace on my 55 gallon tank break, or rot, and was wondering if anyone knew of a fix? I'm currently using a ruler, but feedings can be a pain in the ass!
What is the thickness of the glass?
will this work for a standard 90gal with a center brace
I have a 75 gallon tank will this fit my tank. My measurements are 22 5/8" x 14 5/8" not including the 2" plastic piece?
Why is it so difficult to find out the exact dimension of a fully assembled piece?
My 90 gallon tank has two top sections that measure 22-3/4 x 16-3/4 insert area - Will this product fit?
Is this made well, and will it hold a 16 pound cat
What is the weight maximum for this crate?
how safe is the lock on this
What are the dimensions, height, width, length?
are the bars on this white or metalic?
Are the litter pan and scratch pad included in listed price?
The width of the top of my staircase is 35.5". I read that the gate fits up to 37", but is that true or am I going to have to purchase extensions?
Our hallway is 38". Will this work or should we buy the extensions?
What is the height of gate
My gate arrived with a 2 inch gap between the latch and the size of the gate. Is this normal? I think I might have received a defective product.
Would it be sufficiently narrow to fit a doorway opening of just 26 inches?
Can this gate be used with the KidCo Y Spindles?
How wide is the part you walk thru?
how wide is the space between vertical rails?
How hard is it to remove the gate and reinstall when not needed?
Doe the maximum width of 37" include the extension pieces in the package? If not, what is the maximum width when you include the extension pieces?
hi im from ecuador but a have a locker in usa but mi question is if this comes disassembled in a box and weigh as?
What are the measurements of it?
is it water proof for outside
Hi, I was just wondering if all of the materials are man-made? I'm vegan and don't want any animal products. Thanks!
Can a cat of more than 10 lb fit into the cube comfortably?
How tall is the tower?
hi im from ecuador but a have a locker in usa but mi question is if this comes disassembled in a box and weigh as?
Does it come pre-assembled?
Are the perches and openings large enough for a large breed cat - 22lbs?
I have a 1 year old, 12 pound cat that's declawed (apartment policy), will she be able to get from tower to tower with just her back claws?
What are the heights of the large and of the small Snoozer scalloped pet ramps?
How tall is it?
Could you tell me the dimensions more clearly? -- Height, width and length. I'm trying to get an idea of how steep the slope is.
Would this work well for a 90-pound Labrador Retriever? I want her to be able to get onto my bed more easily, as she's going through cancer vaccine t
Any difference with stairs vs ramp of the snoozer large ramp and stairs. That look the same
what are the dimensions of this ramp? My bed is 24" high.
Hi, could you confirm the height of the stairs... is it 21"? 21x28x21 (LxWxH)?
The ad says it comes in a variety of colors. I want the color that is pictured. Will I be getting what is pictured?
What is the height and other dimensions to this ramp?
What are its measurements, HxWxL? Is it only 21" tall? The dimensions given are usually the shipping box...
The description states "usually ships in 2-4 months" - is that correct?
What are the dimensions of this item....Height - Width - Length? Confused at Product description saying 21 base and Product details state 30X18X18.
What is the height of the medium pet ramp?
Does anyone use this ramp on wood floors? What's on the bottom to stop it moving around? Thanks.
Can you place your own filter media in this filter or do you have to use what is provided?
Could this be used in a tank setup for fire-belly toads, or does the filter need to be fully submerged in water? The water would be only 2-3 inches.
I see air pump "not included" mentioned. Where do I get this and how is it used?
The image shows two stacked on top of eachother. How would this work? With a closed bottom, how would air/water would get in the second filter?
what size tank is this for?
Will this work for. 2.5 gallon beta tank?
Does anyone know how many gallons per hour does this filter? I'm sure it's not much.
it looks like you can vary the height of the outflow. Can you? And if the outflow is out of the water will water still flow out?
Are the black sponge filters carbon? Someone here posted they are, however, the box states they are biological filtration.
Could I use this as the only filter for a 10 gallon betta and shrimp tank?
What are the ingredients?
Is it made in the USA?
What is the recommended dosage on this product?
Are these chew-able?
whats the difference between stage one and stage two
Could you please inform me of all the ingredients in these? Thank-you.
How large is the bag (h" x w")?
Are they in a roll that would fit into a dispenser?
Does the box have a dispenser to pull out the bags one by one?
are they biodegradable?
Are those about the size of a standard plastic bag from a grocery store?
Is it safe for pregnant cats to take?
Which parasites does it eliminate?
How long will this take to get rid of worms and can you use it for dogs as well?
How many doses are needed to kill the worms? What are the ingredients in this product? Thanks
Ingredients Does it have to be daily? Thats pretty difficult especially with dry food any suggestions?
Is this made from diatomaceous earth?
How long do I need to give this to my indoor cats?I adopted a newbie and discovered she had worms but I'm having a hard time keeping HER food away fro
Is there a cover option for a 6 panel pen of 36"x36" sides (double length)?
Is the cover washable?
Does the mesh top fold to be stored away?
below the question was answered "No, it doesn't fit the 6 panel." However below that question someone says it does fit the 6 panels. Clarify plz
will it fit the pet pe measurung 36 x36
What are the dimensions of each panel and can you add to them?
Is there a IRIS Mesh Roof for the 8 Panel IRIS Exercise/ Containment Pet Pen for Dogs White? ASAP Thank You!
Are there any other roofs? Our little dog jumps up and moves the Velcro and climbs out in the corner.
Is there one of these mesh roofs available for the IRIS 36-inch 4-panel? or only for the 46-inch?
Does this bowl really hold water 100% no leaking at all? Many bowls I've used allow the water to leak after time
Where do you ship from?
How many ounces can this bowl hold?
Can it carry food in it, or do I have to take food to put in it once I'm there?
would this old up for a dog trip to the beach? with water? some reviews say it leaks when water is left in it
Can you wash the bowl (hand wash)? Seems like you would want to after using it for a while.
what size is it
How much does it weigh?
What does "earth-rated" mean? Does that mean the bags are bio-degradable -- a must for me.
Is this biodegrable/compostable?
Is this bag big enough for the "two-handed" poop pick-up technique?
Will these fit a (used) baby diaper in them?
Will these bags work with a Gogo Pooper Scooper?
Could This be used for human fecal matter as well? Heading to India and I want something light and safe for environment.
Is anyone using these as kitchen compost bags? If yes, do they leak if out for more than a day?
I want to put in my family room sometimes outside. Will it scratch my floors. I have to chihuahua they will be 3 months old the 5th
How much does this weigh together?
Can these be put together to make a larger area?
When will this product be available again for purchase on Amazon?
Can you please tell me how wide the door opening for this playpen yard is? Thank you!
The gate looks pretty high off the ground. Is it difficult for a puppy to enter into the pen by herself?
will this rust if used when it is raining out?
When folded, how flat is it? 2", 3", etc.....
Can the panels be used side by side to section off part of the garage?
Can you buy additionall panels and from whom would you purchase?
How do you attach the panels? Do you need to use pliers to open the hooks up?
I can't find any information on how big this is....as far as "play area"
Does anyone think this would be appropriate for a toddler play yard? I'd probably put 2 together and use it outside with the children (3) supervised.
Do you have this in pen in Hammertone?
What color is the play pen?
Can you buy replacement waterproof covers for the brindle large dog bed?
What is the density of the top layer memory foam?
does a crib sheet fit this bed
2 or 1 layer of foam? The title says, "4" solid memory foam," but the description says, "2" comfort memory foam and 2" high-density support foam."
Bought bed in March and cover is torn. Can it be replaced?
Does the large size fit well inside a large black wire dog kennel?
Got my new beds, rolled out of box and they are smushed and maybe two inches in thickness? Is this defective?
This has been open for 30 minutes and it has not inflated to 4" yet. How long does it take?
How many pounds of dog will the large bed comfortably support?
My Lab chewed the zipper and I need a new cover. Where do I purchase a replacement cover?
I have a chow chow puppy what size will i need, her other bootie measures 3inches by 3 inches. thank you
What size boot would I need for my 15lb cat. I need something to cover her injured paw pad.
Will these boots fit a 14 pound Chinese Crested?
i have a yorkie 3 pounds...what size should i get?
I have a miniature schnauzer what size should I get?
Are these made in the USA? Thanks
Do they keep teeth clean?
My dog is 47 pounds what size greenie should I get?
Are Greenies made in the USA?
I can't find the size of each ? Petite ? Regular? I have Chihuahua terrier mix 13 lbs what size would I need? they are FEROCIOUS snackers
How long does it take your dog to eat one?
do these actually come in a tub?
where are the ingredients listed???
are there any lawsuits against this product?
Where are the products sourced from? ((Tons of products are 'put together' in the US but the ingredients come from across the ocean.))
Do you put expiration date on your box?
Are Greenies manufactured in the USA?
My dog is exactly 15 pounds. Should I be giving her the petite's or the teenie's?
Which is the best greenies size for a 25 pound 6 months old english bulldog?
Is it possible to get the 60 count box of petite in the lite or weight management?
One dog is 18 pounds and the other is 22 pounds. I don't want them to gain any weight with treats. Is the Petite or the Teenie recommended?.
what&acirc;&#128;~s the expire date? i want to keep it longer
Are these 3 1/4 inches long?
i did not receive a cannister with my recent order, as advertised. please send one. thank you.
Do these leave your dog's paws green when they are done eating them?
Are these okay to give a Pekingese? She has such tiny teeth I'm afraid she will just swallow whole pieces.
does any one knows if this product is made in China?
Do the teenies actually come in a canister for $24.59? Are they fresh and not close to expiring? Not expired , stale or crumbly ? I read other customers reviews that had complained of this. If they come in a canister and are fresh sounds like a great...
What is the size in inches of the petite treat?
The listing says 130 treats, but the photo of the box only shows 36? Is the price for 130 treats?
Im in canada and I would like to order two boxes of the tinys for 25$ each. However you don't ship to Canada??
Do these actually work? How much of a difference do they make, do they clean your dog's teeth well?
when is the expiration date?
Can anyone tell me if there has been a recent change in the formula? They are now pale green instead of dark green. Concerned!!
What is the expiration date? Thank you
why your Greenies color so different from the local Pet store
My cat weights 20 pounds (he is a big maincoon). Is this cage sturdy enough for a big cat?
Some of the pictures show this cat cage with horizontal bars and others ones do not. Does this cage have five or so rows of horizontal bars ?
Is the top shelf/bed movable to a different location inside the cage?
Will these filters work with a Tetra 3i filter that comes with the 3 gallon Tetra cube tank
does these replace the tetra 3i filter.
Do you know if this will work in the Whisper 3i filter system?
Will this work on a 3 gallon talk?
What is the difference between this kind of filter and a bio bag? Are they used in unison? Thanks! -First time fish owner
10 gal tank needs small filters, prefer pre-assembled. Are these ok?
Are these and the small "bio bag" filters the same thing? (or will function in the same filters) Both are Tetra, both are whisper. Thanks!
The filters seem to put out an oily substance. It floats on top of the water. When I take the cartridge out, the oily stuff stops flowing out of the filter. I rinsed the filters really well to get rid of any carbon dust. Any ideas?
Will these filters fit the API Superclean 10 internal filters?
Do they work with 10 gallon tanks?
looking for size in inches for med. and large....anyone??
how wide is it?
Do you recommend the brass I.D. tag that installs with rivets that is 3/4" thick for this collar?
Is the strip over the padding real leather? We bought a "leather" collar elsewhere, and the strip peeled within two weeks. Turned out to be pleather.
What is the width and length of small or medium. We are looking for collar for long haired mini dachsund?
My dog's neck is 18"....would you recommend the medium size or large size? Thank you.
I do not see how the collar closes, can you please explain? thanks
how long is the small in inches
What are the size ranges for Medium and Large?
What size for 14 inch neck - full grown?
looking for size in inches for med. and large....anyone??
how wide is it?
Do you recommend the brass I.D. tag that installs with rivets that is 3/4" thick for this collar?
Is the strip over the padding real leather? We bought a "leather" collar elsewhere, and the strip peeled within two weeks. Turned out to be pleather.
What is the width and length of small or medium. We are looking for collar for long haired mini dachsund?
My dog's neck is 18"....would you recommend the medium size or large size? Thank you.
I do not see how the collar closes, can you please explain? thanks
how long is the small in inches
What are the size ranges for Medium and Large?
What size for 14 inch neck - full grown?
looking for size in inches for med. and large....anyone??
how wide is it?
Do you recommend the brass I.D. tag that installs with rivets that is 3/4" thick for this collar?
Is the strip over the padding real leather? We bought a "leather" collar elsewhere, and the strip peeled within two weeks. Turned out to be pleather.
What is the width and length of small or medium. We are looking for collar for long haired mini dachsund?
My dog's neck is 18"....would you recommend the medium size or large size? Thank you.
I do not see how the collar closes, can you please explain? thanks
how long is the small in inches
What are the size ranges for Medium and Large?
What size for 14 inch neck - full grown?
looking for size in inches for med. and large....anyone??
how wide is it?
Do you recommend the brass I.D. tag that installs with rivets that is 3/4" thick for this collar?
Is the strip over the padding real leather? We bought a "leather" collar elsewhere, and the strip peeled within two weeks. Turned out to be pleather.
What is the width and length of small or medium. We are looking for collar for long haired mini dachsund?
My dog's neck is 18"....would you recommend the medium size or large size? Thank you.
I do not see how the collar closes, can you please explain? thanks
how long is the small in inches
What are the size ranges for Medium and Large?
What size for 14 inch neck - full grown?
looking for size in inches for med. and large....anyone??
how wide is it?
Do you recommend the brass I.D. tag that installs with rivets that is 3/4" thick for this collar?
Is the strip over the padding real leather? We bought a "leather" collar elsewhere, and the strip peeled within two weeks. Turned out to be pleather.
What is the width and length of small or medium. We are looking for collar for long haired mini dachsund?
My dog's neck is 18"....would you recommend the medium size or large size? Thank you.
I do not see how the collar closes, can you please explain? thanks
how long is the small in inches
What are the size ranges for Medium and Large?
What size for 14 inch neck - full grown?
looking for size in inches for med. and large....anyone??
how wide is it?
Do you recommend the brass I.D. tag that installs with rivets that is 3/4" thick for this collar?
Is the strip over the padding real leather? We bought a "leather" collar elsewhere, and the strip peeled within two weeks. Turned out to be pleather.
What is the width and length of small or medium. We are looking for collar for long haired mini dachsund?
My dog's neck is 18"....would you recommend the medium size or large size? Thank you.
I do not see how the collar closes, can you please explain? thanks
how long is the small in inches
What are the size ranges for Medium and Large?
What size for 14 inch neck - full grown?
looking for size in inches for med. and large....anyone??
how wide is it?
Do you recommend the brass I.D. tag that installs with rivets that is 3/4" thick for this collar?
Is the strip over the padding real leather? We bought a "leather" collar elsewhere, and the strip peeled within two weeks. Turned out to be pleather.
What is the width and length of small or medium. We are looking for collar for long haired mini dachsund?
My dog's neck is 18"....would you recommend the medium size or large size? Thank you.
I do not see how the collar closes, can you please explain? thanks
how long is the small in inches
What are the size ranges for Medium and Large?
What size for 14 inch neck - full grown?
looking for size in inches for med. and large....anyone??
how wide is it?
Do you recommend the brass I.D. tag that installs with rivets that is 3/4" thick for this collar?
Is the strip over the padding real leather? We bought a "leather" collar elsewhere, and the strip peeled within two weeks. Turned out to be pleather.
What is the width and length of small or medium. We are looking for collar for long haired mini dachsund?
My dog's neck is 18"....would you recommend the medium size or large size? Thank you.
I do not see how the collar closes, can you please explain? thanks
how long is the small in inches
What are the size ranges for Medium and Large?
What size for 14 inch neck - full grown?
looking for size in inches for med. and large....anyone??
how wide is it?
Do you recommend the brass I.D. tag that installs with rivets that is 3/4" thick for this collar?
Is the strip over the padding real leather? We bought a "leather" collar elsewhere, and the strip peeled within two weeks. Turned out to be pleather.
What is the width and length of small or medium. We are looking for collar for long haired mini dachsund?
My dog's neck is 18"....would you recommend the medium size or large size? Thank you.
I do not see how the collar closes, can you please explain? thanks
how long is the small in inches
What are the size ranges for Medium and Large?
What size for 14 inch neck - full grown?
looking for size in inches for med. and large....anyone??
how wide is it?
Do you recommend the brass I.D. tag that installs with rivets that is 3/4" thick for this collar?
Is the strip over the padding real leather? We bought a "leather" collar elsewhere, and the strip peeled within two weeks. Turned out to be pleather.
What is the width and length of small or medium. We are looking for collar for long haired mini dachsund?
My dog's neck is 18"....would you recommend the medium size or large size? Thank you.
I do not see how the collar closes, can you please explain? thanks
how long is the small in inches
What are the size ranges for Medium and Large?
What size for 14 inch neck - full grown?
looking for size in inches for med. and large....anyone??
how wide is it?
Do you recommend the brass I.D. tag that installs with rivets that is 3/4" thick for this collar?
Is the strip over the padding real leather? We bought a "leather" collar elsewhere, and the strip peeled within two weeks. Turned out to be pleather.
What is the width and length of small or medium. We are looking for collar for long haired mini dachsund?
My dog's neck is 18"....would you recommend the medium size or large size? Thank you.
I do not see how the collar closes, can you please explain? thanks
how long is the small in inches
What are the size ranges for Medium and Large?
What size for 14 inch neck - full grown?
looking for size in inches for med. and large....anyone??
how wide is it?
Do you recommend the brass I.D. tag that installs with rivets that is 3/4" thick for this collar?
Is the strip over the padding real leather? We bought a "leather" collar elsewhere, and the strip peeled within two weeks. Turned out to be pleather.
What is the width and length of small or medium. We are looking for collar for long haired mini dachsund?
My dog's neck is 18"....would you recommend the medium size or large size? Thank you.
I do not see how the collar closes, can you please explain? thanks
how long is the small in inches
What are the size ranges for Medium and Large?
What size for 14 inch neck - full grown?
looking for size in inches for med. and large....anyone??
how wide is it?
Do you recommend the brass I.D. tag that installs with rivets that is 3/4" thick for this collar?
Is the strip over the padding real leather? We bought a "leather" collar elsewhere, and the strip peeled within two weeks. Turned out to be pleather.
What is the width and length of small or medium. We are looking for collar for long haired mini dachsund?
My dog's neck is 18"....would you recommend the medium size or large size? Thank you.
I do not see how the collar closes, can you please explain? thanks
how long is the small in inches
What are the size ranges for Medium and Large?
What size for 14 inch neck - full grown?
looking for size in inches for med. and large....anyone??
how wide is it?
Do you recommend the brass I.D. tag that installs with rivets that is 3/4" thick for this collar?
Is the strip over the padding real leather? We bought a "leather" collar elsewhere, and the strip peeled within two weeks. Turned out to be pleather.
What is the width and length of small or medium. We are looking for collar for long haired mini dachsund?
My dog's neck is 18"....would you recommend the medium size or large size? Thank you.
I do not see how the collar closes, can you please explain? thanks
how long is the small in inches
What are the size ranges for Medium and Large?
What size for 14 inch neck - full grown?
looking for size in inches for med. and large....anyone??
how wide is it?
Do you recommend the brass I.D. tag that installs with rivets that is 3/4" thick for this collar?
Is the strip over the padding real leather? We bought a "leather" collar elsewhere, and the strip peeled within two weeks. Turned out to be pleather.
What is the width and length of small or medium. We are looking for collar for long haired mini dachsund?
My dog's neck is 18"....would you recommend the medium size or large size? Thank you.
I do not see how the collar closes, can you please explain? thanks
how long is the small in inches
What are the size ranges for Medium and Large?
What size for 14 inch neck - full grown?
looking for size in inches for med. and large....anyone??
how wide is it?
Do you recommend the brass I.D. tag that installs with rivets that is 3/4" thick for this collar?
Is the strip over the padding real leather? We bought a "leather" collar elsewhere, and the strip peeled within two weeks. Turned out to be pleather.
What is the width and length of small or medium. We are looking for collar for long haired mini dachsund?
My dog's neck is 18"....would you recommend the medium size or large size? Thank you.
I do not see how the collar closes, can you please explain? thanks
how long is the small in inches
What are the size ranges for Medium and Large?
What size for 14 inch neck - full grown?
looking for size in inches for med. and large....anyone??
how wide is it?
Do you recommend the brass I.D. tag that installs with rivets that is 3/4" thick for this collar?
Is the strip over the padding real leather? We bought a "leather" collar elsewhere, and the strip peeled within two weeks. Turned out to be pleather.
What is the width and length of small or medium. We are looking for collar for long haired mini dachsund?
My dog's neck is 18"....would you recommend the medium size or large size? Thank you.
I do not see how the collar closes, can you please explain? thanks
how long is the small in inches
What are the size ranges for Medium and Large?
What size for 14 inch neck - full grown?
looking for size in inches for med. and large....anyone??
how wide is it?
Do you recommend the brass I.D. tag that installs with rivets that is 3/4" thick for this collar?
Is the strip over the padding real leather? We bought a "leather" collar elsewhere, and the strip peeled within two weeks. Turned out to be pleather.
What is the width and length of small or medium. We are looking for collar for long haired mini dachsund?
My dog's neck is 18"....would you recommend the medium size or large size? Thank you.
I do not see how the collar closes, can you please explain? thanks
how long is the small in inches
What are the size ranges for Medium and Large?
What size for 14 inch neck - full grown?
looking for size in inches for med. and large....anyone??
how wide is it?
Do you recommend the brass I.D. tag that installs with rivets that is 3/4" thick for this collar?
Is the strip over the padding real leather? We bought a "leather" collar elsewhere, and the strip peeled within two weeks. Turned out to be pleather.
What is the width and length of small or medium. We are looking for collar for long haired mini dachsund?
My dog's neck is 18"....would you recommend the medium size or large size? Thank you.
I do not see how the collar closes, can you please explain? thanks
how long is the small in inches
What are the size ranges for Medium and Large?
What size for 14 inch neck - full grown?
looking for size in inches for med. and large....anyone??
how wide is it?
Do you recommend the brass I.D. tag that installs with rivets that is 3/4" thick for this collar?
Is the strip over the padding real leather? We bought a "leather" collar elsewhere, and the strip peeled within two weeks. Turned out to be pleather.
What is the width and length of small or medium. We are looking for collar for long haired mini dachsund?
My dog's neck is 18"....would you recommend the medium size or large size? Thank you.
I do not see how the collar closes, can you please explain? thanks
how long is the small in inches
What are the size ranges for Medium and Large?
What size for 14 inch neck - full grown?
looking for size in inches for med. and large....anyone??
how wide is it?
Do you recommend the brass I.D. tag that installs with rivets that is 3/4" thick for this collar?
Is the strip over the padding real leather? We bought a "leather" collar elsewhere, and the strip peeled within two weeks. Turned out to be pleather.
What is the width and length of small or medium. We are looking for collar for long haired mini dachsund?
My dog's neck is 18"....would you recommend the medium size or large size? Thank you.
I do not see how the collar closes, can you please explain? thanks
how long is the small in inches
What are the size ranges for Medium and Large?
What size for 14 inch neck - full grown?
looking for size in inches for med. and large....anyone??
how wide is it?
Do you recommend the brass I.D. tag that installs with rivets that is 3/4" thick for this collar?
Is the strip over the padding real leather? We bought a "leather" collar elsewhere, and the strip peeled within two weeks. Turned out to be pleather.
What is the width and length of small or medium. We are looking for collar for long haired mini dachsund?
My dog's neck is 18"....would you recommend the medium size or large size? Thank you.
I do not see how the collar closes, can you please explain? thanks
how long is the small in inches
What are the size ranges for Medium and Large?
What size for 14 inch neck - full grown?
looking for size in inches for med. and large....anyone??
how wide is it?
Do you recommend the brass I.D. tag that installs with rivets that is 3/4" thick for this collar?
Is the strip over the padding real leather? We bought a "leather" collar elsewhere, and the strip peeled within two weeks. Turned out to be pleather.
What is the width and length of small or medium. We are looking for collar for long haired mini dachsund?
My dog's neck is 18"....would you recommend the medium size or large size? Thank you.
I do not see how the collar closes, can you please explain? thanks
how long is the small in inches
What are the size ranges for Medium and Large?
What size for 14 inch neck - full grown?
looking for size in inches for med. and large....anyone??
how wide is it?
Do you recommend the brass I.D. tag that installs with rivets that is 3/4" thick for this collar?
Is the strip over the padding real leather? We bought a "leather" collar elsewhere, and the strip peeled within two weeks. Turned out to be pleather.
What is the width and length of small or medium. We are looking for collar for long haired mini dachsund?
My dog's neck is 18"....would you recommend the medium size or large size? Thank you.
I do not see how the collar closes, can you please explain? thanks
how long is the small in inches
What are the size ranges for Medium and Large?
What size for 14 inch neck - full grown?
looking for size in inches for med. and large....anyone??
how wide is it?
Do you recommend the brass I.D. tag that installs with rivets that is 3/4" thick for this collar?
Is the strip over the padding real leather? We bought a "leather" collar elsewhere, and the strip peeled within two weeks. Turned out to be pleather.
What is the width and length of small or medium. We are looking for collar for long haired mini dachsund?
My dog's neck is 18"....would you recommend the medium size or large size? Thank you.
I do not see how the collar closes, can you please explain? thanks
how long is the small in inches
What are the size ranges for Medium and Large?
What size for 14 inch neck - full grown?
looking for size in inches for med. and large....anyone??
how wide is it?
Do you recommend the brass I.D. tag that installs with rivets that is 3/4" thick for this collar?
Is the strip over the padding real leather? We bought a "leather" collar elsewhere, and the strip peeled within two weeks. Turned out to be pleather.
What is the width and length of small or medium. We are looking for collar for long haired mini dachsund?
My dog's neck is 18"....would you recommend the medium size or large size? Thank you.
I do not see how the collar closes, can you please explain? thanks
how long is the small in inches
What are the size ranges for Medium and Large?
What size for 14 inch neck - full grown?
looking for size in inches for med. and large....anyone??
how wide is it?
Do you recommend the brass I.D. tag that installs with rivets that is 3/4" thick for this collar?
Is the strip over the padding real leather? We bought a "leather" collar elsewhere, and the strip peeled within two weeks. Turned out to be pleather.
What is the width and length of small or medium. We are looking for collar for long haired mini dachsund?
My dog's neck is 18"....would you recommend the medium size or large size? Thank you.
I do not see how the collar closes, can you please explain? thanks
how long is the small in inches
What are the size ranges for Medium and Large?
What size for 14 inch neck - full grown?
looking for size in inches for med. and large....anyone??
how wide is it?
Do you recommend the brass I.D. tag that installs with rivets that is 3/4" thick for this collar?
Is the strip over the padding real leather? We bought a "leather" collar elsewhere, and the strip peeled within two weeks. Turned out to be pleather.
What is the width and length of small or medium. We are looking for collar for long haired mini dachsund?
My dog's neck is 18"....would you recommend the medium size or large size? Thank you.
I do not see how the collar closes, can you please explain? thanks
how long is the small in inches
What are the size ranges for Medium and Large?
What size for 14 inch neck - full grown?
looking for size in inches for med. and large....anyone??
how wide is it?
Do you recommend the brass I.D. tag that installs with rivets that is 3/4" thick for this collar?
Is the strip over the padding real leather? We bought a "leather" collar elsewhere, and the strip peeled within two weeks. Turned out to be pleather.
What is the width and length of small or medium. We are looking for collar for long haired mini dachsund?
My dog's neck is 18"....would you recommend the medium size or large size? Thank you.
I do not see how the collar closes, can you please explain? thanks
how long is the small in inches
What are the size ranges for Medium and Large?
What size for 14 inch neck - full grown?
looking for size in inches for med. and large....anyone??
how wide is it?
Do you recommend the brass I.D. tag that installs with rivets that is 3/4" thick for this collar?
Is the strip over the padding real leather? We bought a "leather" collar elsewhere, and the strip peeled within two weeks. Turned out to be pleather.
What is the width and length of small or medium. We are looking for collar for long haired mini dachsund?
My dog's neck is 18"....would you recommend the medium size or large size? Thank you.
I do not see how the collar closes, can you please explain? thanks
how long is the small in inches
What are the size ranges for Medium and Large?
What size for 14 inch neck - full grown?
looking for size in inches for med. and large....anyone??
how wide is it?
Do you recommend the brass I.D. tag that installs with rivets that is 3/4" thick for this collar?
Is the strip over the padding real leather? We bought a "leather" collar elsewhere, and the strip peeled within two weeks. Turned out to be pleather.
What is the width and length of small or medium. We are looking for collar for long haired mini dachsund?
My dog's neck is 18"....would you recommend the medium size or large size? Thank you.
I do not see how the collar closes, can you please explain? thanks
how long is the small in inches
What are the size ranges for Medium and Large?
What size for 14 inch neck - full grown?
looking for size in inches for med. and large....anyone??
how wide is it?
Do you recommend the brass I.D. tag that installs with rivets that is 3/4" thick for this collar?
Is the strip over the padding real leather? We bought a "leather" collar elsewhere, and the strip peeled within two weeks. Turned out to be pleather.
What is the width and length of small or medium. We are looking for collar for long haired mini dachsund?
My dog's neck is 18"....would you recommend the medium size or large size? Thank you.
I do not see how the collar closes, can you please explain? thanks
how long is the small in inches
What are the size ranges for Medium and Large?
What size for 14 inch neck - full grown?
looking for size in inches for med. and large....anyone??
how wide is it?
Do you recommend the brass I.D. tag that installs with rivets that is 3/4" thick for this collar?
Is the strip over the padding real leather? We bought a "leather" collar elsewhere, and the strip peeled within two weeks. Turned out to be pleather.
What is the width and length of small or medium. We are looking for collar for long haired mini dachsund?
My dog's neck is 18"....would you recommend the medium size or large size? Thank you.
I do not see how the collar closes, can you please explain? thanks
how long is the small in inches
What are the size ranges for Medium and Large?
What size for 14 inch neck - full grown?
Where is this made? Any China products?
Is it okay to soften it with water?
Has anyone experienced a pungent, "poop" odor associated with their recent delivery of this item? Been feeding to cats for a long time, and this is 1st time it's smelled so bad. Thanks.
Made in the USA?
I just want to make sure I understand this, there are 8 packs of 3 Soup Bones, is that correct ?
I am having a little trouble understanding the title, "3-Count Pound, Pack of 8." Is it 8 packages of 3 bones? If not, please straight me out! Thanks
is it small bites
The picture of the bag is different than the description, is this "chicken meal ..." as pictured or "chicken, whole brown rice and oatmeal" ??
are these small little bites? I've noticed the small dog on the bag...I don't have a small dog and was just wondering if this dog food was for small dogs?
The bag displayed in the picture is of the older design that Nutro used to use. How fresh is this food?
Roughly what is the expiration date?
What are the ingredients listed on the package?
I have a small 8 pound adult shihtzu but im afraid the food will be very big for her little mouth and I like ACANA, does anyone knows if this food is OK for her or another ACANA for small breeds? I just cant find ACANA small breed at amazon thanks!
does anyone knows whats the size of the box "Acana Chicken &amp; Burbank Potato - 15 lb" is shipped?
is it safe for my 4lb - 9 month shih-tzu?
Our dog is 29 pounds. I only want something to boost her up to see out the window. Do you think she may be too big for this seat?
This is advertised as being able to hold multiple pets. My question is if there are two small leashes in the large sized car seat or only one?
What is the difference between the "deluxe" tagalong pet booster car seat and the "standard?"
Would you use this in the front seat?
We are moving to a hot humid climate, what is the lining and will it be cool enough for our 12 # dog?
Is this booster seat collapsable so I can store it in my trunk when not needed?
our dog is 21 lbs shihtzu/terrier mix -would she be able to lay down?
We have a Westie, West Highland White Terrier, would he fit comfortable in there while laying down?
At the top of the page, it says overall dimensions are 22" W X 17" D X 17" H. In the product details, it says 6 x 16 x 20. How wide is it?
Are the sides (inside and top rim) padded?
does it have any alcohol in it
What is the difference/efficacy between Nylabone Advanced Oral Care Dog Foaming Tartar Remover &amp;Advanced Oral Care Foaming Tartar Remover w/Green Tea
Would it work to put the tartar remover on a piece of guaze and rub it along my dog's gum line? Spraying into her mouth freaks her out!
Is there a version of this product available for cats?
Can Nylabone tartar remover be used on cats?
Which one would be better to use to get rid of tartar the foam or spray? I brush my poodle's teeth daily but still has tartar buildup on back teeth.
Can you use it for cats?
Is this product unflavored?
I just purchased this product and I'm wondering if I can put it directly in their mouths instead of adding it to the water?
Can you use this as a refill for the product that you spray directly onto teeth?
how much do you put into the water
Can someone list the ingredients as stated on the label? I'm looking for a product that doesn't have endless chemicals in it.
Does this take tarter that is already there, off the teeth?
Would like a list of all ingredients before I will purchase.
where is this product made in China or made in the USA
Do you use this in addition to toothpaste/toothbrush, or in place of it?
Does this toothpaste have sorbitol as an ingredient?
where is this made and what are the ingredients?
Is this size brush appropriate for a tiny Yorkshie Terrier
How many oz in the tub? Is the brush small enough for a Chihuahua's mouth?
What size do you get for a dog 40 lbs around 13 years old?
Does this kit come with both a regular toothbrush and a finger brush? Or is it just one brush?
The package says,"USA made, other ingredients sourced globally". Could that mean China?
Is there peanut butter in this or peanut scent? My dog is a peanut-detection service dog and can't have anything with peanuts/peanut scent. The revi
Is this brush durable enough for 'Powerful Chewers?'
How does this work if no rinsing is necessary? This will be my first time brushing my dogs teeth.
does it come with the arm and groom loop
What is the max weight? CPU
Is the height of this table adjustable? Thanks for any info!
Is this grooming table like the ones people travel with to dog shows? My husband made me a permanent one but I need a portable one for dog shows. Thanks, Alicia
where are the breeder doors located???? The picture is very unclear
Are there trays to pull out for easy cleaning? Can the birds stay in the cage when I remove the trays?
If used as 4 seperate cages, what are the dimensions of each cage? Can they be used with birds the size of conures?
Does it have a grate and a tray at the bottom?
Does this price include a total of 4 cages, 2 above the other 2? or just 2 side-by-side cages with stand beneath?
no direction for the stand. How do I find a pdf on it or something to tell me how to put it together.
where is the frobo pet bowl made from?
How much water does it hold
can i use this to put wet cat food in it.to keep the food fresh enough when i work long days
Don't dogs love warm water?
How big is it?
What kind of material is the cover? My cat wore out the yellow cover within one week for the Cat's Meow, Is this material more durable?
We bought this, our cat likes it but it only seems to run for 10-15 seconds at a time before stopping. Did we get a bad unit or is this normal?
How is this one different from the 40$ model 49480?
is there a reset on this thing - it wont move at all anymore - new batteries and still nothing happens but the red lights comming on .....my 10 lb kitten killed it in 10 days ! tried removing batteries and letting it sit....didnt work....lost receipt...
The mouse falls off constantly. Last time one of my cats ran with it and hid it somewhere. Where can I get a replacment mouse?
what are the battery size for this?
Is their an attachment for the wand on the feather attachment? Will not attach to unit?
Is their another piece for the replacement wand with feather? Will not attach to unit?
Where can I purchase a replacement arm? My cat has pulled off the feathers and most of the strings. Hoping not to have to purchase an entire unit.
How thick is the bed? I am trying to reuse a cover from another Happy Hounds product which has been discontinued.
My daughter's dog is 35 to 40 pounds. Is this bed big enough?
I've a siberian husky and he is over 50 pounds. Can he fit in?
Has anyone washed/dried the cover?
I purchased this bed but my dog chewed a hole in the cover. Does anyone know how to buy just the cover?
Do you sell replacement fill? My dog loves this bed, but I think it could use a new fill.
I have three dogs. I generally get a rectangular bed. Would all three dogs fit on this bed?
Is this supposed to be reversible? Like you can turn it inside out and use it? My dog loves this but I don't see how it is reversible.
I'm looking for a comfort bed to fit my pet pen 45". Would this work. Also is it easy to clean? Thank you
I have 2 young pups, 4 months 10 pounds and 7 months 20 pounds, would this be good for them?
How to clean without a dishwasher? Very hard to wash off dried saliva.
I was concerned where this product was actually made, a lot of the products are made in China (but Distributed USA) With the issues of illness in dogs
I was concerned where this product was actually made, a lot of the products are made in China (but Distributed USA) With the issues of illness in dogs
what size is litter area
Does this item include ramp, spray, etc.
Can anyone tell me the trick in getting the rack to fit in properly. Mine just won't go in all the way so the rack lock never closes.
What is the power voltage of this cat litter box?
It shows a heat lamp. Is it included ? Does it come with the ht. lamp mount as shown ? thx. Greg
The dimensions in the description conflict with the "product details": can you please make sure they line up so I know what I'm getting?
What wattage heat lamp does it need?
Hey There, I own a 5 year old, 25lb Sulcata Tortoise, would this enclosure be to small for him? I love the product and the measurements
Is it water-resistant? I'd like to use it for box turtles, and I use moist sphagnum moss for the substrate.
Does this ball have any give to it when the dog chews it? Is it at all similar to the orbee tuff ball? Thanks!
I have a 1 year old Lab that destroys everything including tennis balls she strips. Will this hold up to her chewing?
small
does bulldogs like this toy
Is this a large enough ball so my Rottweiler will not choke on it?
Our Tibetan Terrier has destroyed every chew toy we gave him. Will the Jive stand up? He's a real chewer.
Does this toy float?
Does it squeak?
this is for 1 box/container correct? you can buy them @ dollar general for 8 to a package for $2.00???? This doesn't sound right.
Will you lower the shipping rates if I get more than one package?
What is the length of the treat in inches?
health hide triple flavor chews -twist clam shell: how many packages in 1 order for $15.17?
Anybody have a size chart?
I have a 50 lbs aussie mix that I think this will fit on. I also have a Newfoundland who is much bigger, about 115 lbs..... any chance this vest will fit him?? Thanks!
Does the vest have a flannel inner layer?
We want to keep our white GSD from being shot during hunting season. Will this stay on an active dog?
I have a 45 pound 4 year old lean husky, what size would you recommend?
Does this vest chafe dogs who have short hair or who love to run? I have a high-energy pup who loves looooong hikes through the woods.
Does anybody know if this vest would fit good on Dobermans?
I have an 80 lb Labradore, what size?
Does this come in a small size for a 20# Jack Russell?
i have a Dachsund that needs a reflective vest. Gus is 16 pounds. what size would he wear?
will this work for a 12 lb daschund?
INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE IS MINIMAL! My dog is 12 lbs, a small poodle. What size should I order????
Is the reflective paw on both sides of the vest?
I have four pound Chihuahua puppy, will this work for 4-6 pounds? If not, do you carry X-Small?
Would it be likely to slide if placed on a counter top?
emergency blanket? this looks just like the emergency blankets you can get at the dollar bin at target...is there really any difference?
does it form fit?
Does this cover have any plastic or chemical smell?
Anyone know if the material is like a emergency blanket-kinda like a tarp with a foil backing?
How many needed for a king-size bed?
Is it waterproof (i.e. pee-proof)?
Does it fold up small?
Has anyone tried to put this in a washing machine? is it washable?
WILL THIS WORK TO KEEP CATS OFF MY SOFT TOP JEEP?
What is the size of this cover?
not the size of the cover how long is the cord to plug into outdoor outlet i may not beable to use this warming pad
what is the wattage? like a heating pad we'd use?
Can I put the Deluxe Fleece cover OVER the simulated sheepskin cover that came with the pad? It seems it would make the bed even softer....or is there a chance of overheating by doing this. Please advise. Thanks! Val
Has anyone tried this over the small Lectro Soft pad? Reading the descriptions makes me wonder if the width is too small. Does the fleece stretch?
How do you get a feral cat use to the heated pad? The cat I'm trying to use it likes the flannel blankets next to it but, will not ly on the pad
Would this work for a chicken living in a hutch outside during winter?
What material is the underside of the cover? Same as the top, or more gauze like? I'm concerned with tearing. Thank you in advance :)
how long is the cord as i have to have a long one to reach the kitty dome as i am plugging outside
I see conflicting accounts on tank dimensions. can someone measure the actual size of the living space the fish have? NOT including the components.
I like to buy this tank for my goldfish but seems the temp will get too hot. Can I just take out the fluorescent and put in a white LED as day light?
Does this unit come with white and actinic tubes? or must they be bought separately?
Would this be suitable for a pair of dwarf seahorses? I'm new to saltwater culture and would appreciate any advice.
Does the Biocube size 14 have additional slots for LED lights?
Has anyone found quieter fans to replace the stock ones?
can i used this for water turtles?
So does this come with the top and lid?
does size 14 mean 14 gallons ? kinda dumb question but ... you know
Does this 14 gallons use the same replacement filter for the 29 gallons?
My Sheltie chews wires. Would this work by spraying the wires? Or, if i caught him and sprayed him, would it make him stop chewing wires?
Can this be used on cats as well?
how does it work on dogs jumping on guests?
It works as a repellent for the dog not pee where it is applied?
What exacty are the ingredients? Many of us have allergies.
When you get your dog groomed, can the groomer clip the nails or how does that work.
Mom has a 11 lb.. jack Russell, my Mother is 88 years old and the dog "gets her" and tears her skin-will these help with that?
Do you think this will work for my Italian Mastiffs pinky nail? he has a small rip in that nail that I believe is exposing the nerve
Will these keep them from digging in the yard?
How do determine size on the soft nails for an 8 year old lab?
are the nipples waterflow adjustable?
do you sell just the bulkhead water valve system in the picture?
During freeze, the water froze in pipe and the nipples popped out of the pipe. How do I get them back in the holes?
what size hose would i use? 1/2 or 5/8
Does this have to go on the bottom of a bucket? Could it be attached to the already existing hole in a Igloo cooler?
I just received my order. However, I don't see the spec how big the hole I have to drill on the bucket to attach the unit
Can this be used in a carpet cleaner?
Will the animal continue going back to the same spot to use as a restroom?
Can it be used in washing machine for cleaning blankets, etc?
How much water and how much concentrate do you mix together?
Are your instructions for mixing the product correct? Other websites say mix 4 oz with a gallon of water.
Is this gallon of XO Cleaner the "Concentrate" Formula as titled or is it the "Ready To Use Formula" as labeled in the photo?
what is the height of the first cat bed?
is there any assembly required??
How big are the perches and the house?
Is the carpet stapled or glued?
How big is the pagoda itself. I am trying to decide between this one and the pagoda the next size down the mini pagoda 33 inches. Are the pagodas both the same size or is the pagoda on the 46 larger.
Can you tell what it's made of and maybe how it's put together (glue vs nails, etc)? I would consider altering the roof a bit.
Does it come assembled? Can the house portion come off so it will be a platform at the top?
Do they curbside deliver or bring it in to you home?
how tall is it?
What are the inside dimensions of the top "box-perch?"
Hi what are the dimension in height and width if yu all don't mind? thanks!
Is this pit together or do I have tio assemble it
Is the top platform large enough for two cats?
What is the overall size of the box?
How much does it weigh?
Do you put your own litter box inside or does it come with an insert?
What type of material is the inside? Waterproof?
Can this product be used to sit on?
Hi, would the Tidy Cats Breeze Litter Box dimensions:20.3 x 15.2 x 11.8 inches fit in this? I can't really tell with just the one picture that is up.
How big is the opening?
Does it come in other colors?
How does it do winter weather? Snow, windy and below freezing!
is this good for large cats?
size? dimensions?
how large is the opening in inches
is it brown like the photo or beige?
Does anyone know what supports the second (middle) shelf?
Is the carpet stapled or glued?
How tall is it?
Is this large enough for a 24lb Maine coon cat to laze around on
What is the height of the 1st and 2nd perch?
what are the dimensions of top perch
What are the dimensions of the "nests?"
How do you clean this?
How do you clean this product?
Is it a 2 part or 3 part system?
I am assuming that putting an absorbent pad, or newspaper down under the grass would be possible. Is this correct? Has anyone tried it and did it work
Is this just the grass or does it come with the plastic tray and if it does will that fit the large home-on-the-go crate?
Hi, what separates the turf from the tray? What keeps the turf from collapsing into the bottom and getting soaked in urine? Is there a middle grate?
It measures 49x29x32 is that the size of the tray?
How do you clean it and how often? My guess would be dispose of pads, wipe the tray with disinfectant, and hose down the turf. How easy is cleanup?
I am thinking of buying this to use on outside deck. Yard is long way off on stormy days. Do you think it will work outside?
Does this work for older dog? I adopted an older dog about 10 shes about 55 pounds. She used to use to go bathroom in the run at the shelter but has never gone in the house. I have a balcony I can try it out on. I was hoping to keep it indoors while at...
I am thinking of buying this to use on outside deck. Yard is long way off on stormy days. Do you think it will work outside?
How often do you need to replace the grass?
Would putting kitty litter under the grass be possible and make clean up easier and help with smell?
Besides the aqueon pro, are these compatible with the regular Aqueon heaters?
Can you add an ac splitter and run two heaters from this as long as they are under 300 watts together?
What's the temperature variance of this? Set the controller, how high above temp will it go before shutdown, and how low will it go before startup
So, plug this into the wall, plug the heater into this. Set the temp you want on the Finnex and max the temp controller on the heater?
hi hooked up with my 300 watt in a 55 gallon. want to keeptank at 77. do isetheater at 77 andcotroller @ 79? or otherway around. thanks
If power is interrupted does it actually resume users preset temperature once power resumes.? Does the alarm work if it over heats?
I have 2 eheim jager heaters - both are not accurate with temps - will this work with an eheim jager?
Will this work with a 75 watt undergravel heat cable? i already have installed in tank .
I'm looking for something with 1 degree F or less of temperature variance. Does anyone have suggestions?
Will this work with a series of fans to create a cooling effect on a aquarium?
Would I be able to drill a hole in the bottom without the plastic cracking? Looking at this for an aquaponics grow bed.
Is this plastic container considered food safe - to use for gardening herbs and vegtables?
does it hold water whthout leaks
can the underground filter and centre tube be removed completely???
anyone want to recommend a gravel Siphon to clean it?
where can i buy a replacement led assembly
I have read several reviews that said this doesn't come with a filter, but the description says it does... ?
Do you have to buy a pump separately?
What type of fish are you putting in this tank?
what is the size of it (width x height)
is it working whit electricity?110v or 100-240v?
whats it made of, glass or plastic?
What size is the head on the toothbrush? Some have commented it's too big for their cat.. Thanks!
Have you seen a change in your cat's teeth since using this product? Less tartar, whiter, better breath in between brushing days?
What size is the head on the toothbrush? Some have commented it's too big for their cat.. Thanks!
what is ingredients?
What flavor is this toothpaste?
how large is the tube of toothpaste
Duse it come with a thermometer
work with turky?
The little inside thermometer is about 7 degrees higher than the one on the top of the unit. Which one should I use?
Does it come with a thermometer
Hi....do you have to turn the eggs in this incubator? thank you
I want to incubate yeast in a 6.5 inch tall test tube. Is this big enough?
i have never used an incubator with this one what would i have to do and can i put 10 eggs today and then a few days later add more eggs thanks
Does this have a Fan Built in??
do you add water to this? i want it for duck eggs which are high humidity. Will this work?
would it work for leopard gecko eggs?
this incubator kept right on heating when the incubator temperature read higher than the set temperature. How can I keep it from cooking the eggs?
which is the best small scale incubator
Does everyone follow the humidity levels given in directions? 65 for first part then 85 for lockdown was it? Or something different?
Is the temperature electrically set? Or is it the wafer/screw setting as with the hovenator?
Is this machine UL listed? Can't find any rating on it. Sounds from answers above that it isn't a very relliabl;e device.
Newbie here... Someone said little feet get caught on the screen (eggs placed there for hatching?) - could a hatch pad be placed inside, on the screen?
Whats the correct temperature
I have some chukars laying eggs, which are smaller than chicken eggs. Will this turn eggs that are smaller than chicken eggs?
can I hatch turkey eggs with this unit?
can it be used in Chile, where the electric current is 240W?
Will it work with turkey eggs?
do you have to buy the rails separate from the turner or is it all together? I have incubator but nothing else..
does it fit model 2100
how do you change rails
does it work on 220 volts
flat out...does it work. im trying to keep my 3 cats from entering my livingroom where they already have begun to pee. can I use 3 collars with this
Hi- please confirm that the barrier comes with one collar included thx Jayne
The description says that the range is 2 - 10 ft. Is this range the radius or diameter? Thanks.
Can this be left on a cat 24 hrs a day?
Does anyone know if these emit a 2 dimensional barrier or 3 dimensional barrier? Also, will the same collar work for multiple transmitters?
I don't see on the collar where to set the different levels of shock. Can you tell me how?
This item comes with a collar and one receiver but I need 3 receivers, can these be purchased separately and if so what is the item number?
Are the sensors on the collar able to work on long-haired cats or do you need to trim the neck fur in order to get contact close to the skin?
Is this collar also compatible with the normal Pawz Away barrier disks? I want to know if I can extend the 5 ft max on this product if necessary.
What are the actual dimensions of the rectangular device that sits on the collar itself?
i have tried to order this collar but am never directed to "enter name color, size , etc. help me
For a dog with an 11 inch neck, should I order a small collar or a medium one? Thanks!
what length?
I have an adult Boston Terrier who neck measures 12 and 1/2. what size should I order
my dogs neck is 19 inches wide. 55 lb lab terrier. What size would be appropriate?
Would "severe food allergies" fit on the COLLAR? I'll get it on the tag, too, but I need something obvious for when my dog is at doggie daycare. Thx!
My puppy's name is Erd&ouml;s but all the engraving machines I've seen don't have an umlaut option. Will you be make a collar/tag with his name?
Website doesn't allow dog's name or telephone to be entered into order
I was also wondering, I want to get pink with white font. Will it stand out enough?That is why I also asked about the machine washable.She gets muddy!
Are the collars machine washable? Thank you!
How do you personalize it?
I attempted to order this item but was never prompted for personalization on the nameplate. How is this ordered?
Have you up graded the name tag rivets to eliminate the rusting problem?
how does the sizing work are these min,max or mid measurements?
Is this a reflective orange collar?
How many lines can you have and how many characters per line (including spaces)?
Please let me know what kind of grass is used. For example, Bermuda grass, oat grass, etc...
I have an 8 lb Shih Tzu who chews and chews. Has anyone tried to replace the box with a pan (like a kennel pan) or something like that? ideas?
How fast is shipping to southern California?
can this be used indoors? I'd like to use in laundry room.
Hello, this may seem a dumb question but does this lawn grow and do I need to mow it? Water it?
Great product, very portable...how about the bugs?
Do you ship to Canada?
I notice this grass is contained in a box, do I need to buy another container for it so that I am able to water the grass?
so for how long can I use this for my dog and do I have to throw it away after a while for can I clean it and reuse it?
can this product be used over and over again? or do you replace every month?
My Honda fit measures 48" at its widest point, then narrows as it reaches the ceiling. Are these barriers adjustable to fit smaller cars? Thanks
Will this work for tiny dogs? I have 3 chihuahuas, drive a hyundai 4-door
I don't know which size to get for my Mercedes GLA250 the 50 or 56 Inch. Can someone advise me, please? Thanks!
Will this fit a volkswagon golf?
Is it easy to install and remove? I don't take the pups out often and I would want to install and remove it every time.
We just bought a 2014 Jeep Wrangler Sahara(4 door). Will this fit behind the front seat. You have 50" and 56". Which one should I order.
My Trail Blazer is exactly 56" between the door posts. Does the pet barrier become narrower above the midline pipe to fit the car?
I have a lincoln Navigator and would like to put this between the backseat and cargo area. Will it work?
Will this work behind the back seat of a 2012 Dodge Journey (7 seater)? It measures around 53" across, so the 56" barrier for SUVs would be too big.
Is this adjustable? Will it fit in a 2006 pt cruiser.
Will this fit behind the very back seats of an SUV (in cargo area) instead of just behind the driver's seat?
Can anyone tell me the length of the barrier? I know it's 56 inches wide, but can't find any mention of the length. I'm hoping to use it in a 2005 Ford Excursion. Thanks!
Does this work if a driver seat and the passenger seat are not lined up due to driver's seat pull forward for a short driver?
Can anyone tell me how to measure my 2011 Kia Soul for this barrier? Not sure if I need the 50' or 56"
Can this be used behind the 2nd row? I plan to have an infant in the 2nd row. I want to keep my dog in the cargo area of my suv (lexus rx300),.
I have a 2012 Kia Sedona. Would this product fit? I'm using it for 6 kitties so it must fit like a glove! Marie
Is this barrier able to go behind the 2nd row of seats in the cargo area (I have a 2013 GMC Terrain). Thanks...
I have a 2014 Honda Odyssey LX. 2 questions: 1) Behind second row seats, will this fit as intended and is it wide enough to keep dogs from going around it? 2) Also, how far off the floor is the bottom of the barrier, as LX model has gap wide enough for...
Can anyone suggest a way to attach the bottom of the barrier more securely to the front seats?
Will this fit in a 2015 Subaru Forester with a moonroof, and will the front seats be able to recline independantly?
Would this work for small dogs? It looks like there's a lot of clearance at the bottom.
How tall is it with the cover on? can it be used without the cover if i needed it shorter?
What is the diameter across this gazebo? And how tall is it to the top of the panels, not including the roof?
How do you secure the small door (not the gate) that is part of one of the panels?
How do I obtain a new center plastic canopy support disc for the tall gazebo. Mine broke under winters snow.
Will this work for a small rabbit?
Would this work for pygmy goats? They tend to knock over stuff, so would this be easy to knock over?
I have a 20 lb shitzu mix, a 13lb shitzu,and a 6lb maltese do you think they will be comfortable space wise??
My dog is a 30 lb terrier mix. Will this allow for secure containment for a full day while I'm at work?
Would this work for cats? Looks like space at the bottom.
Can it be used on an 11 pound dog ?
What is the range of this product?
what about an 8lb chihuahua?
How do you put the collar on? Do you place the prongs against throat or back of neck?
I need a collar that is for an 8" neck. Can I replace the adjustable collar that fits onto the shocker mechanism? How wide are the collars?
Can you purchase a remote separately if needed?
Are these motion activated? Do they shut off if the dog is at rest?
my vibration setting just makes a sound and no vibration, is this what it is suppose to do?
My dogs bark when I'm gone. Can you set the collars to automatically go off when they bark, or do you have to be there to push the remote?
Which replacement remote does this use
Can you tie these bags
Are these bags completely unscented?
Do these bags fit my Bag on Board leash?
Are these biodegradable?
What is the size of this ID badge?
is this laminated? waterproof?
I need a service dog ID, but not able to e-mail dogs picture. Is there any other way to get this ID
I don't see the e-mail address to send your Dogs info, picture etc for the Certified Service Dog ID tag???
I have my dog's CGC and Public Access Certificates, along with trainer's info and certifier's info, what else is needed?
What are the dimensions of this item?
how to contact Dean &amp; tyler customer info?
Can one have a list of all the info they need before ordering, so the process will not be held up?
Where and how do I send the dogs picture and owner info ????????????
what fabric is this made from?
is the backing slip resistance on tile floors, i use disposable training pads set on whelping pad, but whelping pad is very slick on tile floor
Is there a scent on the pad to coax the dog to use the pad, or do you need to buy something to attract the dog to the pad? Or do the dogs just know?
does soap reduce the life of the pad
Are these pads made with non-toxic materials and are they made in the USA?
Are these fast absorbing? My pup always steps into his urine as he walks away - leaving paw prints to mop. Do these pads minimize that?
Does this item come with one in the pack or two. The description says both?!
One of my cats urinates on the coach . Will this product keep urine off the coach?
Is it 1 or 2 pads? And size large- 30" x 32"?
The label says 2 large (30" x 32") pads, but the description says " includes one large pad that measures 30 by 32". Which is correct?
Monthly service charge
The notion of getting emailed when my escape artist cat gets more than 250 feet from a central location is of limited use. My question is: is there way for a user to initiate a location request even if the cat is within the boundary of the device...
How much is the monthly service fee now? Thank you!!!
Next to a huge national Forrest. Worried about my dog getting out. Would this be able track my dogs for a long distance? Battery life? Recharge time?
What is the range outside the Home Zone? If my dog goes 2500 ft. away, will his Tagg let me track him?
Will this also work through the digestive track of a coyote? It would be nice to be able to track down and revenge my little Fluffy.
How long do the batteries last How long do the batteries last
How long does it take to activate, and once the three months expire, can you activate it after your pet is missing?
Can I track my dog in real time on my android phone?
Any recommendations to solve the 15 minute trip mode limitation? My dog and I go bumming together a lot!
Does the blue night light make glofish glow?
What is included in the kit?
What material is made?
Does this come with bulbs?
Will this light fit OK with a 55 gallon planted tank that has a glass top? I don't want an open top aquarium.
Would this be too much light for a low-tech 55 gallon tank?
im looking to use the 10000k bulb on this light, what is the maximum amount of watts this light can handle. can it handle a 54 watt or 39 watt?
This will be going on top of a 60 galllon tank 48-inch tank. I have a lot of plants and wondering if this can handle a 10000k and 6500k lighting?
I have a MARINELAND 60 Gallon, would this be a good fit for anubis and a sword? Could I leave the hood on and just remove the current light fixtures?
In the reviews someone said that they used a 54 watt bulb or bulbs is that safe I need more light?
what wattage bulbs will this take? (I have some 48 inch, 32 watt bulbs I plan to put into it)
It says that the width is 4.8 inches. does this include the width of the legs as well? if the leg width is not included how many inches does it add?
Can you substitute a 6700k lamp instead of the 6000k?
So the output is the chimney on the top, correct?
what size air hose fits this?
how high can this pump push the water?
Does it come with an electric cord?
What is included in the box? Thanks
Does this come with a plugin for a standard outlet?
Can you use a tube for the inlet too, or is it submerge only?
is this suitable for table top water displaya
Cab this be used in saltwater?
Can I use this to pump water out of my 25gal high aquarium
Would this be too much for a one gallon tank with a betta fish?
If my tank is already set up, do i need to stress out fish by getting the warmer under the gravel, or can i leave it on the inside bottom of the tank?
Can this be used out of the water?
Is the cord going to be submerged underwater
If I have a smaller 2 gallon fish bowl, could in put this under the bowl, as opposed to in it, to warm the bowl and water?
does it have a thermostat does it shut on and off
would this work in a 5gal. tank?
Is this safe with plastic bowls? will it damage or melt the plastic?
Does this heater work with an undergravel filter?
Is this okay to use in an acrylic tank?
do these work on gophers?
Does any of these spray things allow you to adjust the length of the burst of water? I wouldl iek to adjust it to spray for about 30 seconds.
If I close the hose pressure, does it allow me to approach my own garden?
do you think it would work for birds on my roof ?
Will it keep rats and mice out of my vegetable garden?
Has anyone hard wired this to use a DC Adaptor? If so, what did you use? I would 1) love to stop feeding it batteries 2) use a Dusk to Dawn sensor.
What is the sensor degree of activation from its base (180/90/45/etc)
What is the maximum distance for the motion sensor?
I have now got a new one that does work. The only problem now is that it is leaking a lot. Maybe we can fix this on our own. Here is hoping.
my water does not ever turn off. my sensor seems to work although delayed reaction without being attached to hose once the hose is attached it turns into a sprinkler and nothing more
Any idea to attach a door to keep the rain/snow out -
Our feral cats this year will NOT use this. Feral cats need a back door! Has anyone else experienced this problem? Thanks!
I can't get one of my outside cats to go in and it's super cold outside will catnip help lure him in. im so worried the winter is just beginning
I am considering a kitty tube to put on our porch to keep wandering neighborhood cats warm, but I cannot decide beteen the heated pillow and the feral straw. I am concerned that the straw will not keep them warm enough? Help?!
How long will the insulation maintain its quality on the kitty tube?
I'm in S FL. I want to provide shelter from the rain and sun. I'll place it in shade but will it get too hot in there for the feral I hope to help?
I would like to add a barrier to prevent wind from entering through entrance. Does a cat need unrestricted view from inside? What are the limits?
What heated pad works best with the Kitty Tube? I have a Kitty Tube and I use the Snuggle Safe heated disk, I would prefer to use an electric heated pad instead, the past winter was brutal, there were quite a few days with below zero temperatures and I...
Is straw used in this all year round or just for bitter cold temps?
do I put the warming pad on top of or under the straw?
Can this be used instead of the Frontline Plus for flea/tick protection?
This products works on ticks?
Can it be used if small kids are present?
Did you receive yours with it leaking out into the packaging? im trying to figure out how to log a complaint to the shipper.
About how many cats would the 8oz bottle treat? I live on a farm and have several cats.
Is it scent free?
Do I need to spray the kitten's whole body or just rub some into her neck area?
Does this also work on cat ear mites?
Is this still from Frontline Merial? because I notice that there is a Frontline Merial spray (500ml) for sale as well (bigger bottle)
Can this also be used as an area spray? We've taken care of fleas on our pets (Revolution for the cat, NexGard for the dogs) but now for rooms.
What is the minimum water depth for this pump to operate?
Is this pump work with EUR power 220v\240v ?
Will a 1 Inch ID Pond Tube fit this pump?
I connected a 1" diameter pond hose to the click-fit adapter, and it is not a secure fit. Shot right off! Any suggestions??
We need the part to add
1/ How many watts does the 1350GPH pull? 2/ Does this pump actually deliver 1350GPH maximum flow (0 lift)? Have you tested it?
I cannot use the arm clamp for my tank because my hood is awkwardly shaped, Can this feeder stand on the hood and dispense through the feeding hole?
How many days can you be away and have this work?
Will this feeder handle enough flake/pellet to feed for a 30day interim?
will this work for one Betta fish?
The rim on my aquarium is 1 1/4 inches. Will the clamp open wide enough to fit?
How does this keep the food dry? Do I need to buy &amp; attach an air tube?
how adjustable is the bracket to attach to wide rimmed tanks?
Is this feeder battery operated?
Strong odor straight out of the box, no chemicals. Plastic or something else? Anyone noticed this? Wondering if this unit has been used.
Can this be used outside on a deck?
can this be used outside
My dog tends to drag his training pads around. Would it be easy for him to take the grass out of the plastic?
Do you plan to make a large size? We have a 75lb lab mix?
what size of dog
How often do you have to wash the grass or does the bio spray mean you don't have to. Thanks
Is it necessary to buy the bio spray? How often does the pad have to be replaced?
I know you can empty the base unit via the drain. Does the tray in the base unit also come out so the interior can be cleaned?
I have a basset-lab mix dog who is 10 years old and weighs 50 lbs. Will it work for a dog this size?
Can this be fed to cats?
My scoop didn't make it to me. How much is in a scoop in American measurements?
I can't find an ingredient list anywhere; can anyone help?
Is this a ready-to-dispense liquid, or does it require adding water or mixing or some other preparation?
Im trying to help a friend who is blind to know where her cat is at. does it beep when the cat is near or different?
Is this only for the tags? is the receiver also included?
What are the dimensions and weight of the loc8tor mini homing tags?
whats the difference between the black transmitter in the first picture and the white transmitter in the 2nd pic?
what is the warranty, some have 1 yr limited and some have 10 yr or more?
Is there a "stubborn dog collar" that works with this? Our Berner has recently decided she's willing to endure the shock to visit the dog next door.
What is the minimal distance from the wire the unit can be set at?
What is the minimum weight dog this fenced can be used on?
We have this system on our acreage and it works great. We would like to take it with us camping. Are you able to purchase an additional transmitter?
my dog likes to get in the pool to cool off. Is the collar waterproof? If not, do you make on that is?
Is the collar that comes with it rechargeable?
Does this increase your electric bill?
To anyone who has bought the PIG00-13661 within the past 6-12 months: Does the fence come with a mounting bracket or just the template?
How deep is the pan?
Can you remove the platform/ramp/hidey hole, or is it attached to the base and unmovable?
Would a guinea pig or hedgehog be able to climb up the ramp or is it too steep?
is it easy to clean?
Our rabbit is litter box trained - is this cage big enough to accomodate a corner litter box?
I am wondering how a Holland lop would get up to where the food bowl is...All the other cages have ramp but this cage has little steps straight up..
How come it says "available in x-large"? Isn't it already extra large?
Would it work for a pair of rats?
Can you use it for hamsters?
Is this too big for 2 guinea pigs? Should I get the Large rather than the xl?
How big is the box the item is shipped in?
how long, wide and high?
What is the height?
Will the prongs on this collar work on a hairy golden retriever? If not, where can I buy the longer prongs?
How long does the battery last ?
Is it water proof ?
Does this collar have a vibration mode? If so, is the vibration mode adjustable as well?
Can you please confirm the measurements? What is the height, what is the width?
Are there mesh windows on other sides and do they have flaps to cover them up. Wish they'd clearly show all sides.
does the top have a zippered opening for dog to sit with head out of bag?
What's the weight limit?
What is weight limit for pets?
does this particular carrier have straps on it that you can slip it over the handle of your suitcase?
Is there a way to fasten the dog inside so that she doesn't jump out when the top is open?
Is the top of the bag flexible enough to be squashed down a couple inches to push under an airline seat ?
Do you know if this carrier is tsa approved?
I want to use this to carry my guinea pigs to vets and places once in a while. Are there rims on the on the inside so it will not collapse completely?
Can it be used without the grate in the bottom? Is the bottom completely solid, no leaks?
i have a male maltese that lifts his leg when he urinates. this cause the urine to stain my tiles, walls, and furniture &amp; smeels and stains. will this holder prevednt any leakage &amp; splatter?
Is this pad holder secure enough to prevent the dog from pulling it out and ripping the pads to shreds, thus preventing a floor mess
How high is the front of it? My pug is almost 14 and has arthritis, and needs something easy to get in and out of.
Would the Litter Box be large enough for a 12 lb Havanese? male? female? if they started out with it as a little puppy.
I have a corgi mix weighing 30lbs, will this work for him?
does this really hold the pads cause ive yet to find one that does.
Could I use kitty litter in this box?
What is the difference between the Big Squirt and the piddle pad holder? The pictures look the same.
I want to use this with the pad under the grate for inside and then remove the grate &amp; train my puppy to only go on the grate outside. Any experience?
How long is the validity of Azodyl small caps?
Exactly how small are the small caps? My cat has been very smart when using the "pill pockets" and will eat around it with the regular capsules.
How do you keep cold when you ship oversea? Cheers.
How long did it take for Azodyl to become effective (to see a change in your cat)? Days, one week, two weeks?
For those who ordered, have you received the medicine in cold packs?
I would like to know expiration date, shipping date, how shipped, and how long it takes to be delivered.
I need to know that these small capsules contain the same amount of product as regular capsules.
The ones on this order are the small caps.....correct?
I can use the small caps on my dog right? This product is not only for cats.
will you ship this item with ice packs?
What size for a 7.5lbs Maltese puppy?
what size for a 16 lb dachshund?
How long do you leave the shirt on? A borrowed one was too small but calmed her anxiety almost instantly. Do you leave on always if anxiety is always?
Do these have a place to attach a leash??
How long does it take to work &amp; can it be worn all day ?
how long from neck to behind in size small or medium? is it water resistant?
Will this thundershirt be compatible with the Thundercoat? Does it have snaps?
Will this thundershirt be compatible with the Thundercoat? Does it have snaps?
What size shirt for a 40 lb dog?
What size do I buy for my 11 month old puppy that is about 10 lbs.?
how do I determine the correct size for my dog?
I have a yorkie that weighs in at 4 lbs 5 ounces will this fit her
size chart for thunder jacket
would an x-small fit a 6 pounder. :) Thanks
In every other picture i see of this pink thundershirt - you can see the big black velcro things that hold the shirt shut, do they show?
How does the sizing run?
I have a mini-dachshund that weighs 12 lbs and girth is 17 at largest point. Would she wear a xs or sm.?
Would this help my morkie who barks uncontrollably at other dogs while being walked.
I have a labrododdle whos 16lbs and has a chest of 19". What size should I buy?
Do the colored shirts have Velcro to adjust the size around the torso like the grey ones or do they just pull on like a sweater?
What about a lhassa-poo that weighs 14 lbs.?
What material is it made?
where is it made?
I have a 17 pound Bichon, and a 12 pound Bichon, which size would I get them, more for the 17 pounder...he's a bit anxious..
how do we figure if this will fit our dog?
does it work in a car for travel anxiety?
My dog is a pit mix who is sometimes aggressive with other dogs, especially if approached by a dog. Would the thundrshirt or thundrleash or both help?
Does this help with a dog's aggressive behavior with other dogs?
Need to know what size to purchase for my 73 lb golden retriever
does the thunder shirt work for pitbulls?
We have a Border Collie Beagal Mix that weighs 65 pounds. What size would be best for him?
how do we figure if this will fit our dog?
Discription should have a sizing chart atleast by dogs weight..My dog is 40lbs I' guessing med.???
What size should I select for a Weimaraner?
How do I know what size to buy for a 10 lb. Shis Tzu?
How does it work
Does this work for separation anxiety? The reviews say it works with loud noises but is it also effective to calm barking when left alone?
Which size should I order for my Westie?
What are the size/weight indications?
If I have a lab mix that has a chest size 19, neck 13 and a flank size 15. What size would be a good size for me to order? Please help!
i am returning the xx small i have a yorkie poo.. she is about 12 inches around now. will an xsmall work or should i get a bigger size. she is 8 mth
With regular wear, will my dog's anxiety issues lessen or go away, or will she get used to it and become immune to the shirt's purpose?
My dog is a terrier mix weighing about 21 pounds is a small the size I should buy?
What is sizing?
My friend is blind and wants a cat. Would this last a week before needing to be filled? Someone comes to clean once a week.
Does this turn off if the water level gets low so that the pump doesn't burn up?
How long is the power cord?
The tube thru which the cord passes is cheaply made and has broken. Anyone have any ideas as to how to replace it with a better design?
is the motor quiet? Don't mind water sound but humming from motor drives me crazy Does this come in SS?
What kind of plug does it have? American? Could the plug be changed for different country (such as Singapore)?
Is this multi-level fountain easy to clean? I have an older plastic fountain that has lots of nooks/crannies that make it very difficult to clean.
I use reverse osmosis filtered water. Can I use this fountain without the foam filter?
Any place I can buy a bowl for replacement? Mine got cracked and can't find a place for the bowl. Petsafe website dosen't reply for my inquiry.
O ring that sits on tower under spout missing. What size do I need to replace it??
Isn't this a hefty price for a 40 lb bag of cat litter?
Can I use this in the Natures Miracle automatic cleaning cat litter box?
Any ideas for preventing the mucky mess this litter can make in the bottom of the pan?? It is amazingly absorbent so don't get what happens. HELP!
What is this litter made of? Is it light weight like their ground corn cob type?
i have 9 cats and about 6 pans. i clean every other day, so is this litter worth it? i usually use fresh step and have to change it about once a month
Does anyone know if the bags are recyclable?
When you order the 40 pound, how does it usually arrive? Is it 2 of the 20 pound bags, or a giant 40 pounder?
dust level vs. Dr. Elsey's Precious Cat
is this litter flushable?
how is this applied?
Does Sentry Fibroguard kill the flea eggs also or just the adult fleas?
Has the expiration date ran out?
Is this a six month supply?
how does this compare to advantage in terms of success in ridding of fleas and/or mites?
does this work for cat mange
They all keep refering to Frontline Spot On---Just where is this product and its ingredients?
Does this product have a use-by date?
Is this product quick-drying (under an hour or so)? I have a cat that goes crazy trying to lick the oil-based or long-drying products off.
Ordered and received this product, and used 2 vials, on 2 cats. The second vial seemed to have very little medication in it. Not sure if these are legit, or maybe seconds.
Can this be attached to a rectangular glass aquarium?
Would you be able to use this with a 2 gallon glass drum type bowl (they have a round top)?
Would I be able to use this with a timer? Or do I have to manually turn it on each time?
Does this use batteries or does it plug in?
What are the Dimensions?
Would this be sufficient for low light plants in a 3.4 gallon Penn plax radius tank?
Can some one please tell me how wide the tape is on the leash please?
should i get a large or the giant one? I have a siberian husky who is 70lbs and growing.
is this cord or tape?
Are these stairs just like the other plastic carpeted ones but just with a cover? What does it look like with cover off?
What is the size of the box it comes in? I need to ship it to a DPO address with size limitations. Thanks.
What is the overall height when assembled?
what do you attach the holder to? A house wall?
So the lamp attaches to the tank with what? Glue? A sticker?
How do you mount the light to the bracket? My clamp is on the side of the lamp and it shows clamp coming up from top?
Does this come with the attaching silver wire piece to connect the lamp to this hanger?
Can you adjust how far out the holder goes? I know height can, but what about depth?
what size is the screw to hold the lamp in place?
Could this hold a small double dome
I have a cylindrical tank so will the tape/adhesive bend properly to work with the round side of the tank?
is the rod itself metal or plastic? is the bracket that mounts to the glass metal or plastic?
Is this a good product for a declawed cat? We adopted an overweight declawed male cat and the vet suggested this type of feeder to stop binge eating.
I read on the Dr. Foster website that this is not a lead-free product. Is that an accurate statement?
How do you get the inside of bowl completely dry?
How does this work with wet food?
Does it come with a tube for multiple cats like the plastic model?
Does this bowl work for wet food?
is it certified as lead-free/non-toxic? Where is it made?
I had the exact same bowl, but it plastic. I gave it away since my cat would flip it over and knock the cover off. Does the cover come off easily?
Will it hold enough food for my two cats if I'm gone for a couple of days?
is this bowl dishwasher safe?
I have the pro series 4200 and ordered the quail rail 3200... does the rail still alow the eggs to turn ?
Will this turn small chicken eggs?
Will this work with model 2100 still air farm innovators
Just bought the 4200 at a feed store. Just bought this turner here. Sure hope it works well everyone. I am counting on your answers that it does.
Will this work in the Farm Innovators 4200 model?
Anyone know if this works on the model 4200 incubator as well?
Where are these made and do they have the veterinary dental approval
Are these =for large dogs ? mine is 70 lbs
Are these made in China?
Would these treats be good for a dog who had some teeth pulled? I have Checkups and those are a bit difficult for her since shes had her teeth pulled.
are they made in the usa?
Just to be sure ... do I get four 15.87 oz packages for $8.19? Thanks
Can you confirm what you receive for this price? I get a 15.87oz bag at my grocery store for $9. Is it really only 25 mini bones for $29??
Are these made in the USA?
Is this product made in the USA?
What are the seasonings in these treats?
How fresh are these treats? We prefer getting the freshly baked artisan baked chicken, not stuff that was made 5-6 months ago and sealed airtight?
Are they organic?
Are the chickens cage free?
I have a 15w square cage that is 25H is this able to hold my cage?
want to hang a small bug zapper on a stand outside-would this do it?
I received this stand and cannot assemble. any suggestions?
Not to sound ridiculous, but do you have to set the timer daily, or do your settings continue everyday?
What are the interval times?
Will this timer work to change the temperatures of a heating pad with a thermostat?
Does this have a cord or does it plug directly into outlet?
hi can i use this timmer with 220v electricity???? outside the states?
Is this timer completely silent? Or does it make a slight ticking noise like many other timers do?
Does this timer have a continuous plug?
do the bag rolls from other venders fit inside??
Does anyone know where these are made?
Can you buy bags without buying the dispenser?
We live in Fl. and dog poop cooks and smells will using these bag keep the smell away. Thanks
Does this dispenser work with "coreless" rolls of bags? In other words, does it require a little tube in the middle of the roll of the bags?
are the bags bidegadable?
Does this dispenser only work with bags with a center core?
Is this easy to attach to leash. I'm pretty klutzy with figuring things out.
carabiner
Are these made in USA, and what are the other ingredients besides the 2 listed? Thank you.
How many milligrams of potassium citrate and cranberry extract are in each pill?
Do you know what flavor this is? I've been using Pala tech but noticed the price has gone up, don't want to switch if my dog won't like the taste.
can you please send a printout of the directions, the print on the bottle is too small for us. Thanks
Does it have a scent
Can this be used in a carpet cleaner?
Can this get rid of urine smells in wood? Does it work on human urine as well. What concentration?
will this work to get mouse urine odor out of a car ? The interior and carpet are out and it still reeks.
My cats have heavily sprayed lined drapes along the bottom. Is there a way to use this as a presoak before taking them to the cleaners?
I am on my 2nd treatment of following the instruction and am not seeing much of a difference. How long does it take for an older stain? And how many
I am having better luck with this one than others, and the smell is fresh and the stains are gone. But does not pass black light test, will it ever?
For those that have used the product, have you found that the cat or dog have returned and re-urinated on the same spot?
does it work on concrete
My Chihuahua neck girth is 9 1/2 inches, chest 15 inches will this harness in a medium fit her?
I have a 13 pound dachshund who has a 15 inch chest and a 10 inch neck. What size would be best for her?
Do you think this would work for a cat with a 10 inch neck/17 chest, behind her legs?
I have a size 4 now that is too big. Looking to order one size smaller. (size 3). Is that S, M or Large?
I'm confused about what size to get. I have a toy poodle around 10 pounds..a medium maybe cuz her breast girth is 15, but her neck girth is 11?
I have a 16 lb shihtzu. What size should I order?
What material your dog slings made of?
Will a 14 1/2 lbs Yorkie fit in this?
Can you adjust the strap so the the dog is higher towards your chest?
For those that take walks, is this heavy and hard on the back?
I live in Miami....how would this be for a 9 lb. Shih Tzu in warmer temps?
Do you think it will make dog too hot? I have 5lb dog. He likes walks but get tired too soon. I like to use it, but worried this will make him hot.
If you have both the updated version (with adjustable strap and denim exterior) and the older version which do you prefer best?
Would a 3 pound yorkie fit inside?
How long is the carrier? I have a 12 lb. mini dachshund, he is 17 inches from breast to rear.
Will a teacup Yorkie fit in this or is it too big?
What type of fabric-I need a sling for hot weather use
will this work for my mini doxie since she has long torso and short limbs?
Where is this bag made?
Would this work for guinea pigs? My two love to be OUT, but it's a hassle carrying them around in their basket all the time.
Will it work for cats?
How do you take pets shopping? In our city dogs are not allowed in stores anywhere except pet stores.
Are these adjustable to wear higher up at the hip?
Would this be suitable for a 14-16 lb shih tzu?
If u wish to hide dog ie in shops etc is this sling appropriate
one review said she thought it was unsafe for a 6lb dog...mine are both 3 1/2lb. but would also like more safety? any thoughts...have 2 Yorkies
Do you think a 15 pound dog would be too heavy for this bag?
Is this sling good for a petite person like me? I'm 4'11".
I just received mine and my dog loves it. It falls way below my hip though and I am only 5'4. It looks like it may stretch too. How are you shortening it??
what kind of fabric is this carrier made of?
Hi, my chihuahua is 10 pounds, what size should I buy for him? ( Alfie Couture Designer Pet Accessory - Vince Sailor Harness and Leash Set) Thank you.
Hi I have a 5,1/2lb yorkie would a size small fit him?
What size do I need for an eleven pound cat?
we have a 5 lb. yorkie will a extra small fit him.
Can it be used for cats?
I want to know if this runs particularly small, because my dog ususally wears a Small in most things.
I have a decoration piece that's 4.5 inches in width and 3.5 inches length. The lid looks too small for it to fit through. Am I right?
Does the light detach? How would we change the water without damaging the light?
Does it come with decorative kit, such as fake plants and rocks?
this doesn't come with a filter? Can you add a mini one to it?
Is this tank wall mountable?
We keep our house pretty cold (64 degrees) so a beta doesn't do well, can a heater be added to this tank fairly easily?
Does it come with water??
Does the lid come off easily, or does it snap on and off? (I have a cat, needs to be cat proof!)
Is the back side of this tank flat? I'd like to buy two and put them back-to-back for our two bettas. Would that work?
Tank is plastic or glass?
Could this work for two small dogs? I have two shih-tzu's. One is 8 LB and the other 15 LB? I read somewhere that the hooks were very heavy?
I can't tell on my iPad, what are the colors on this leash? Thanks!
Does anyone think recent problems are just a 'bad batch"? I've had mine for over a year and walk medium-large dogs daily. Never had an issue.
how long is it how thick is it
What is the length? More importantly, what is the length of each leash after the swivel coupler?
The title of this item is "US Flag Embroidered Stars Sewn Stripes Quality Oxford Nylon, 3 by 5-Feet". What does this mean?
Can this leash be used on the harnesses that have the hook under the chest rather than the kind shown in picture where it hooks on top?
Is the design of this leash good for when one dog wants to stop and the other doesn't. Will they tug each other? I have a 6lb and a 13lb dog?
I use a gentle leader with both my dogs, a 28 lb min pin and 8 lb pom. Would this work with the gentle leaders?
I have 2 German Shepherds and I am wondering if this leash would work for them. the largest is about 130 pounds and they are both very strong pullers. I cant walk them alone with separate leashes because they pull so hard but they prefer to walk close...
Does it work on battery ? or it needs a power source
would it be workable for a heating tube if i put a hole in the top near an edge where the heater is mounted?
can a heater tube be put in here...will i have to keep the cover off and if so will the lights still be nice looking and working
Can I put a betta fish in this container?
what does bubblier mean
Does it have a filter?
what size dogs can you use this on??
does it shock both dogs at the same time? kind of defeats the purpose 2 collars and 1 controler if you can't shock them seperately....
My remote battery died. Can you get a replacement battery or buy just the remote as the collars are still working
All answers seem ambiguous for my question... which is... can you actually send a shock directly to the dog from the remote?
Is the collar suppose to un-sync with the remote after a few minutes?
I just bought these collars. they seem to work but I dont have the instructions.... Can someone please send me a copy?
do I have to use the controller I am looking for something to use while I am not home so the barking does not disturb my neighbor in the next apartmen
The description says there is a light on the collars? Is it any good?
Hello...I have an 8 pound Maltese who is a loves to roam beyond limits I am comfortable with on our 2 acre lot. Is collar too big for him? Thanks
I need two controllers that can control one collar when the dog is at different locations. If I buy 2 pair, can I make it do that?
can u use it on wires
Any tips on how to remove it from wood. I'm not worried about the finish, I just can't get it up, &amp; when I do, in only goes 4" to the break.
I am confused by the measurements. Is it 2.5 " wide? Seems like if you want it for the corner of a couch, you would need it wider than that?
The pic shows a roll w/ no dispenser. Will the roll fit a standard packaging tape dispenser for easier use?
Will this tape leave stickiness on the surface you put it on? we just bought a new couch and dont want a sticky-residue left on it. THank you!
Can this be used outside on top of a brick wall?
How well does it work on countertops?
Has anyone used this product outdoors?
can you use on leather
Does it work without damaging paint when you remove it on trim around interior doors?
What's the smallest can size these would fit on? I'm wondering if they'll work on those little tomato paste cans as well as the usual bigger sizes.
Are these covers BPA free ?
Do these fit on the Friskies 5.5 oz cans? They are 3 3/8" in diameter.
will these fit on a 3oz can of fancy feast?
In which country are these made?
Will these lids fit a can that is 4" diameter?
Do these lids fit 6 oz Natural Balance cans?
Do these fit a standard dog food can as well? I see a lot of reviews saying they fit fancy feast cat food, but no mention of dog food cans.
Do these cans fit Hill's Prescription Diet 13 oz (370 g) cans i/d for Canine?
What is the difference between the litter genie and the litter genie plus?
Wondering if anyone can estimate pounds of soiled litter that they hold?
What is this ordor pail system? how often do you have to change it for a new on? I have one cat, how often should I have to dump the bags? and about w
What's the difference between Litter Genie &amp; Litter Locker?
How does it keep the smell in when you open the lid and how effective is it for keeping the smells in?
Can you use any kind of cat litter In it?
How do you know to change the bag? I just got this, and am not sure... the cartridge seems to be all one big, long bag. Where are the bags separated?
The hardest part of assemply is the scoop holder. It makes no sense! How does it attach?
is the opening large enough for a cat to do business by sitting on top as if his/ her own toilet ?
How do you know when the bag is full of soiled litter and it's time to change the bag?
This is Patricia with another question. Will I need more than one barrier for each window?
I have a 2001 GMC pickup and want this for the front windows. Will these work? What is the "curve of the window that several people have mentioned?
Do you have any other colors?
Do they fit vw bug
Apparently, this car window gate comes in different sizes. My side window is 24" X 14". what size should I order and how do I to indicate this on my order?
Are there different size, or only one?
will this gate fit a 2013 chevy equinox rear window, need to keep my dog from scratching the windows.
What is the color of the second collar?
Do you have to reconnect the collars to the remote just once, or after every charge time?
Are these the small receivers on the collars or the large ones? What are the dimensions of the two different collar receivers ?
does this come with two collars or just one?
what are the dimensions of the large receiver? I have two yorkies one 10 lbs and one 18 lbs. I do not want the large ones!
My transmitter will not work at all..replaced batteries..still does not work..?
do I need to sync the collars after every charge?
what are the low battery warnings?
How do you turn off the transmitter?
Does this work on lever door handles?
I want to mount to the outside of an inswing door. Would I have to remove it every time I let the dogs out or is it flexible enough that I can push it out every time I close the door? My dogs are scratching where the frame meets the door and destroying...
Does this work as well for cats? My cat has scratched most of the paint off my kitchen door using it as a scratching post.
Could you put this on a screen door? I want to keep my cat and the squirrels on the deck from having direct contact.
I have morkie and he is tough for a little 8 pound dog. Anyway, he scratches and chews at the molding when I leave, now can he get behind this?
If I want to have one on the inside and outside of the door, do I need to buy two, or does this come with two pieces?
Would this work on a beveled door with small windows?
Does anyone use this ClawGuard for cats.? I have a cat who scratches the door into splinters.
does the installation leave holes in the door or frame? how is it held in place
will it work on a wooden sliding door? will it protect the door from our 100+ pound bernese mountain dog?
Is this suitable for 8lb dogs?
where is it made
What kind of treats are you using it with? Any particular brand works best?
can you freeze this?
What is the exact depth of the xxl large cone, will it prevent my lab from licking his front paw? He has a long tongue and 12"depth cone isn't working
What is the neck size for this listing?
would this fit a 110# Rottweiler with large head? Having hip surgery.
Is it big enough for a 190 lb. English Mastiff
Is the center soft like wet food?
What are the ingredients?
Is feeding corn, soyabean to CAT good ?
Would this be suitable for two bunnies?
WHat is the hutch actually made out of? It says "...stained pine finish...,' But is it actually pine or some cheap imitation made to look like pine?
what is the size of this product?
Can this hutch be used as a chicken coop?
Is the bottom level solid?
I recently bought this collar and am very pleased with the results. Can the transmitter be turned off? No directions on how to do that, Thanks
I have a 120lb. Great Pyrenees with a 26" neck. will this fit him? and does it come with 3 collars? for i do have 3 Great Pyrenees
What to do when collar won't charge?
how long between receiver battery charges?
what is the receiver battery life?
My 216 was accidently synced wrong now will not sync at all . Is there a way to factory re set it? There is not a phone number to call . Annie
I have 2 large dogs. Can I buy another collar to work off same unit?
Will this work on a chihuahua mixed who weighs 10.5lbs even thou it's suitable from weighing 15 to 50lbs. My Chihuahua is extremely stubborn. Thanks!
Remote is no longer working.. Vibration wouldn't work properly from beginning. Only had for a few months. How do I get a new one?
When you choose vibrate mode,how many times does it vibrate?
HOW WATERPROOF is it?? I own a Lab and he's in the water a LOT and I want to be sure it doesn't die when he swims.
Did anyone get a charger that plugs in to a different kind of plug or something and how does it work?
my dog chewed off the antenna can i buy just the antenna? Aetertek AT 2165-350 model
How does the shock part attach? Do you need a specific type of collar?
Is this for a large dog. I have a 10 month 90 pound blood hound
Planning on using it running in the woods with my dog. What are dimensions of the hand held remote ?
Can you set the collar to only beep or vibrate without shocking the dog?
How do you know when it is charged
How long does it take the remote to come out of sleep mode before a beep or shock can be used?
does it fit on my dogs colar
is this item easy to use?
I need a collar to go 300 yards at least, this says 600 yards, but how far have you pushed it in distance?
Is it really waterproof or just water resistant?
Does transmitter turn off? Blue light for dog keeps blinking every second. It is synced to receiver
Is it possible to fit this with a regular clip on collar? One that I can adjust better than with just these holes like a belt?
Does this collar auto-sleep when it doesn't detect movement?
Does this unit come with a correction tester to test shock?
What is the average range? Will it signal the dog no matter what position he is in if he is within the range?
Can you buzz/vibrate only one dog?
Does the hand held transmitter turn itself off? Can you keep it on in case you need to use it immediately? I find with another unit that it takes a couple of seconds to turn the unit on and by that time the dog has already made the mistake and doesn't...
Does this item come with collars?
We are finding that after charging collars, they both revert to being synced to dog #1. Can this be fixed?
Does it come with a charging dock or would I need to purchase that separately?
When you use the shock can you use it on one or both at a time. Meaning if one dog is misbehaving can I shock that dog only and not both
How does the controller work with two dogs? If one dogs acts up does it shock both?
There seems to be a lot of people saying that these collars stop working, is there any specific reason this happens?
can yuou use the collars at the same time, on 2 different animals. shock only one if he is giving me problems.
what is the tone these collars make?
The sizing is XS to XL. Where is the sizing chart? XS means what? Pounds, girth, neck in inches? My cat is 16 1/2 poinds.
Will the velcro hold? My cat is 19 lbs and very strong, and I don't want to risk it coming undone if he tries to bolt.
I'm confused about this product. Some reviewers are saying they put it on and watch their cat playing outside the window. Or walk without leash?
Is there a size chart for this product?? I can't find one anywhere
Do you have to slip part over the cat's head, or can you open and close at both the neck and midsection?
How escape proof is this? We can houdini out of the coastal type, if motivated.
How hard is it to avoid capturing hair in the velcro?
How easy is it for the cat to back out or wiggle out of this harness?
Amazon only has S M L XL and according to the kitty holster site, my cat is a S/M. Which one should I buy? Neck 10" and Girth 15"
What is the sizing? I am looking for one for a 13-ish (long/tall and skinnier) pound cat
Where is the velcro on this? I don't see where it opens up, only one photo and it doesn't show all sides of it.
I have a four month old kitten. About five pounds. Will this small/medium size fit him correctly?
My cat is between sizes, with neck 10"-10.5" and girth about 16.5" I can't decide if S/M or M/L is best. Should I go with the smaller or larger?
I have a 7.5lb cat with thick fur. What size harness should I get?
Does it really take 3-5 weeks to ship??
Is the fit and size accurate.
How is cat size determined? What are the critieria for small, medium, or large cats?
how to determine size??
my big cat has a 17 barrel...on a horse it is called a heart girth...measured around him right behind the front legs. Will the medium large work?
hello, I'd like to have more information about the dimensions as well...It's hard to figure it out.
this is for My Girl. What sizes did you get for 8 lbs. &amp; then 14 lbs.?
I'm nervous that this harness only "secures" with velcro. Does this prove secure enough over time as compared to a clip fastener?
Will this harness let my cat lie down in a cat carrier comfortably for a trip across Canada by plane? (We are moving.)
this lists a range of neck/girth dimensions so in order to get a secure fit does this adjust at all?
I want to try and "introduce" my foster cat to my *friendly main kitty whom she attacks the crap out of; thinking a harness might help. Awful idea?
What size cat does this fit? My girl is about 12 pounds.
what size for 14 lb cat
how do you figure out size to get?
how do i know what size to get?
sizing? What size should I get for a 9 pound cat?
I have a small little kitten that I NEED a secure harness for which is best type and what is best size?
I need info about sizing. I have a 30lb cat, should I go to the dog harnesses?
my cat has a 10" neck and 17" girth - will a medium/large fit him?
I need to go through security at several airports with the cat in a harness. Will this set off the security alarm with the metal ring?
will it fit my 22 lb. cat?
My cat has a 13" neck with a 20" girth and this seems to be the max of this harness. Will this med/large fit?
the lights on the cover lid are already out only the blue lights are working. how do you get replacement lights?
Will this work with African dwarf frogs? Someone mentioned clawed frogs but I don't think that's the same.
This may sound silly but for the life of me I can't figure out where the adapter plugs into the LED light? Maybe I'm missing a part?
Can I run the filter included in this kit totally under water? OK, just fixed it, glad I asked...thank you! Do you think the beneficial bacteria was still growing on the cartridge anyway? I will give another dose of Safe Start later as a boost. I have...
Will it work with an English Adaptor. Also can Ibuy just the lid. Waiting for your e-mail
Hi do you need to plug this item or uses batteries wanted to buy one for uk and how many watts is it thank you
The filter seems so loud.....is there something I am doing wrong? Its a very loud buzzing/humming kind of noise.
I have this tank already set up, but what is the led (watt?) per gallon? I would like to know if i need to purchase a better light fixture.
Where can a buy a new light strip and new filters?
The filter was working fine, water was coming from the spouts, now it's just making a humming noise with no water coming out? Is that normal?
is this product good for labs?
What size should I order for a mini Dachshund and a standard Dachshund?
For those with French Bulldogs....what size did you get and is the neck big enough? My problem with ruffwear swamp cooler is the next is too tight !
I am hoping to use the scaler on my cats teeth. Anyone out there tried that?
Can it be used on a cat?
Hello, I bought this item from you. Works great. Can I buy this configured for a left handed user?? Thnks Tom
Does this work for cats, too? Anyone?
Is this the same scraper that is sold with the mirror by Joy enterprises?
What are the dimensions?
with the rim removed, what is the height of the litter box? thank you
I need to know actual dims including lid
how large are the pieces of kibble
Is this good for older dogs? Choosing between this or the Reduced Fat formula for my 3 not-so-active dogs (turning 11 yrs old).
does this contain corn
Does amazon provide long expiration date? I only have one dog and she is small so it would take a while for her to finish. Thanks
I have 2 yorkies weighing 6lbs. each i feed them both about 1/3 cup each in the morning &amp; 1/4 cup each at dinner time any input would be appreciated
Do I need to transition from wellness core puppy to small breed? What age is your puppy no longer a puppy?
Hello. My dog is currently on wellness small breed, If I switch to CORE, Would I still have to mix them gradually? Or just full switch is ok?
Where is this food made?
Is this recipe also non GMO like some of the other Wellness dog foods?
I'm getting a 5mo old Boston Terrier (15lbs) and the chart shows to feed 1 to 1.25 cups per day. Does anybody know how much 1 cup of this weighs?
Also does the top screen lock? Thanks.
Is this a 40 gallon aquarium?
Can u use this tank for snakes?
What are the dimensions?
how long is it
What are the demension?
How wide is it?
Is it made from tempered glass?
Heat resistant up to what temperature?
Is the lid replaceable?
Can this be used for a hamster? Is the lid secure?
Can this be used for a hamster? Is the lid secure?
Can this hold a 24" bearded dragon?
I have this tank. We used to have turtles but now want a fish tank. Can this tank be used for fish? Would it hold the water weight?
does this tank hold water? ie, like an aquarium for aquatic turtles?
Is this rechargeable without batteries??
Does it have a vibration option?
Does this model have a tone only (beep) function?
What size dog is this for?
I have a rescued mastiff that is cat aggressive. Will this work? has anyone used it for prey drive?
is the collar always on? I need a collar that when I see my dog digging and chewing stuff I can warn then shock when I see her doing it.
I have a 5 month old 34 lb labradoodle - not sure on size when full grown - assuming in the 50's - I am torn if I should get the little or big dog one
little dog?
my remote stopped working a month-does anyone stand behind this product
I lost the remote, maybe he ate it, does anyone know how to get a replacement remote?
How often do you clean this fountain?
Most of the complaints about this fountain seem to be about the pump. Is it plastic? Is there any smell around the pump?
I plan to install this fountain under my bathroom sink. The dimensions of this item appear nowhere. Thank you.
Wait...."the housing is plastic". I would think about getting this, but is the water held or circulated in plastic?
The pump burned out what replacement pump do you have? The only one I have found was for cat fountains I have the big max ceramic bowl
Has anyone tried filling a small nylon bag (like for aquarium filters) with charcoal and using that instead of the consumable filters?
Where is this made? I have heard ceramics made in China contain lead.
Is there a mat that can go under this fountain for spills? I have a cat that likes to drop things in the fountain.
Is the basin large enough for a lab to drink out of? I see a lot about cats using it, not much about dogs.
Does this come with any filters upon purchase?
Hi, I'm planing to buy 2 of this lights, they said that are dimmable. Does this come with this option? and they said tha it has two power cords, Do I need 4 outlets for them or is there a way that con be connected all together? THANK YOU
I just purchased this light, and it comes with a blue roud fuse like thing....What is this for? The light came in a box with no instructions
the length in inches ? can the 2 color lights be turned on or off separately ?
can anyone confirm if this crate in fact has a center divider, suitable to seperate for two dogs???
Please provide measurement of spacing between wires. What is the wire gauge? Item states "3 door" but I only see 2 - Please clarify. Thank-you
How much does it weigh?
Is this the same formula as the Fizzion pet stain and ordor remover?
how much water per each tablet?
My question is how much bleaching is in this tub? In other words: are they the same EXACT tablets as with the 32oz bottle, or different?
Can Fission tablets be used in steam mops???
how does this work on shiny hard-wood floors? does it have to be rinsed? does it leave behind a film?
Is the shock too strong for a 10 lb small dog?
is the amount of shock adjustable? like big shock for big dog and barely vibrate for small dog?
I have a Chihuahua (5 pounds or less), will the collar be small enough? Is it easy to install?
Will this device contain a dog that is capable of vaulting over a 6 foot wood privacy fence?
will this connect to a 120 volt outlet?
Is it easy to install?, my property has an area of 400 mts
does it need outdoor electric conectiom
Get i just get a collar with a remote that will work with fence too? one of my collars is no longer working i have two dogs? I need another collar.
I have an acre of property how easy or difficult is it to add wire to it to surround my entie yard?
does the fence system come with collars or do i need to purchase?
I have a 10 # dog. Neck circumference abou 12 inch. Will this collar fit
Does this collar have an indicator light to show that it is actually on?
My dog runs wild through the neighborhood when off her leash, and doesnt return on command. do you believe this product will help in fixing this?
Is it water resistant?
Do you have to use the remote, or will the collar correct automatically when the dog barks?
On how young a puppy should this device be used on? I purchased a similar (no remote) and it irritated his neck
One of the neck probes has been lost. Can I get a replacement pair? I need the longer ones that came with the original .
How well does the remote maintain connectivity with the collar? Do you have to constantly link after extended periods of use?
What is the range
Is it possible to purchase a second collar for another dog, without purchasing a second remote? Does anybody know where?
Is there a way to lock the zippers?
Is it puppy proof, we are afraid he might try to chew his way out
can a water bottle be attached like on a dog cage? From the picture it looks like a hole with an elastic band above it.
This crate is made in China. Does anyone know if the fabric is safe for dogs?
10-week-old Great Dane going on road trip. Need a travel crate big enough for her to stretch out, but not so big she poops or pees. Will medium work?
Safe for camping? Have two dogs and will be buying one for each. Good idea? Any recommendations?
does this crate have a metal frame
Does one of the sides have a zippered opening?
Does this Crate have a metal or plastic frame?
do you think a puppy bullmastiff who is not yet 100lbs would fit in this crate? I need it to travel to hotel rooms and be able to leave alone for a couple hours at a time.
How tall is the entry door itself?
Is this crate approved for airlines
Can it fit in the back of a mid-size SUV?
Does anyone know the weight of the XL crate?
Im looking at ordering one of these dor my dog. Im located in Canada and I need to know where was the crate made? Is it a made in US product?
How small does the crate get when you fold it? Will it fit into a trunk of a standard car?
what kind of frame does this crate have metal or steel?
What are the dimensions of this crate when it is folded up? Thanks!
are the zippers metal or pastic thanks!
how do you apply it?
what is the difference of the solution without hydrocortisone?
di i need to use the ear cleaner first or can i just use this product?
can humans use this I heard it can work for our ears
Is this used for ear mites?
Can this be used on cats?
Can you get a larger bottle?
Vet recommended Otomax which is crazy expensive. Will this Zymox be a good replacement or something else ?
can human use this ?
How many applications are in a bottle?
Why would you raise the price before Thanksgiving weekend??
Will this fit in a 2005 GMC Envoy?
Will this fit in the back seat of 2009 Camry?
Are there openings in this hammock to allow our dog be restrained in his harness and tethered to seatbelt?
Is is machine washable and can you put in dryer?
Where is this made?
I bought a hammock seat cover before but my dog slides because he has no traction on it (and because he tries to stand) will he slide on this?
Does this still have Kurgo's Lifetime warranty?
Would this work in the ack of a full size pickup truck?
Does this Kurgo hammock purchase include the bag for leashes, treats, etc?
Is this toy suitable for 60 lb boxer about 2 yrs old? We have two dogs, male and female. Will they love it?
Will this entice an energetic lab-mix who doesn't play with toys or play fetch? She's a newly acquired rescue in need of some backyard play.
What is the difference with the new version?
I need to buy a new collar &amp; receiver. Can this be purchased separately?
why wont my remote turn off? I waited 10 minutes so far.
How do you program the anti-bark to only beep or vibrate?
If you can't tell me in voltage tell me in Amps. How many amps runs through the shcok collar?
how powerful in volts is the shock for the dog? Please if you can tell me the output in voltage. Thank-you.
Does this have an automated bark feature? Or do you have to push a button to correct?
Does it only work with the remote or will is automatically work when he's barking with me pushing anything as well?
can this item be used for 2 collars?
Does anyone know where this is manufactured?
40 x 32 which one is W' and which one is H' ? Thanks!
can you buy tow or three and link them together?
What is the net weight of the unit?
will this work for a litter of growing pitbull puppies?
Is this good for a100pound dog
Can I use this as a gate to divide our one car garage into two areas ?I would need to mount to the wall on both sides.
does it collapse easily?
What is the dimensions of the door?
What are the measurements for the openings in the wire? Wondering if this would work as a secure exercise area for our 3 bunnies? 2"x3" or 2"x4"?
does it come with a bottom for poop wont get on your floor
does the top "floor" have wire flooring for the bunnies to sit on or do they sit in the poop tray??
Can this be used to house chickens?
Does it have a sloped roof?
Is it a sloped roof?
Can you close the ramp or does is always have to be down/open? Thank you.
How noisy is this dispenser?
Can you mount it on the wall
Can a cat fit a paw into the dispensing hole? If so would he/she be able to force to feeder to dispense food?
How do two cats eat from this feeder?
will it work with 1/4" gibblets? my cat is VERY smart and aggressive when it comes to retrieving food from previous feeders.
Where is the stupid manual? I own one and can't reprogram it because the site appears to lack common sense documentation.
What's the box shipping size?
If it should jam will it reset itself so that the cat will get food?
DOES IT COME WITH THE DC POWER PLUG
All the pet feeders I have purchased my dog has learned to nudge and paw to get extra kibble and he is overfeeding. Any trouble with this feeder?
What size Thundershirt for 10 lb. Chihuahua?
Can you keep this on for long periods to help calm the dog or is this something you should only use occasionally?
what weight dog for X=small
Will this thundershirt fit a slender 4lb chihuahua?
Can you attach lease to it?
Does this thundershirt fasten with velcro?
What size for a 12 lb. Pomeranian?
I have an 18-pound mini schnauzer. I got a medium thundershirt. It seems a bit big on her. Would a small polo thundershirt work for her?
What about a 12lb Shih Tzu? What size xs or small?
What about a 12lb Shih Tzu?
Does anyone know if this would help calm a dog that barks at TV shows &amp; commercials?
Where are these shirts manufactured?
Does it help with dogs going to the bathroom in the house
How do I determine if I should get a small or medium?
Why does it say used? Are they opened?
How many tablets are in this bottle?
how many tablets
I want to fit a medium crate and dog litter pan plus food/water dish within the 6 panel set up. Is there sufficient room to do that?
What are the dimensions of each panel? Is the $174 for the 4-panel or the 6-panel?
how many inches tall is the tall
Can two of these units be combined to make a larger rectangular pen?
Large= 6 panel?
Is the 6-panel strong enough to use in place of a crate for a ~30lb puppy?
How wide are the gaps between the slats? Could a cat get their head stuck between slats?
I lost one of the connectors and also would like an extra panel and gate. Any info on how to get replacement parts would be helpful.
hi do you still ship to Hawaii?
How wide is the 4 panel and 6 panel fully extended to be used as a room divider?
Is the Medium 36 inches high? As like the large one?
How many panels come with fence for the price shown of $115.00. I have 94" to cover.
is the 4 pannel too small for a boston pup?
What are the dimensions?
Can I connect two of the 4-panel sets together, or can I disconnect the 6-panel set to have two 3-panel sets?
Will these panels fit with our Richell Pet Playpen PT 900?
do you ship to Hawaii? I just bought this product. thank you.
Would a pet rat fit inside? They can curl up to the size of an average persons palm.
Would a green cheek conure or cockatiel fit in this item? Thanks
do finches like these? is it good size for two finches in 16in x 16 x25 cage?
Does this work for cockatiels? (Average Size)
Is the havea wood safe for hermit crabs? I am unable to find anything online about this. Toxicity?
I know it says its used for birds but would it serve the purpose as a coconut hut for Hermit crabs?
good for mice?
Would one green cheek conure fit?
Will this be a suitable nest for parakeets to lay their eggs in?
Is this washable? I think my bird has mites and I scrubbed everything and I was wondering if I can wash it or just buy a new one?
Would a rat like to climb on this?
Can a dove use this to play?
would this be good with sugar gliders
would a chicken like to sit on this?
What kind of wood is it made of?
I have this toy in my cockatiels cage, he chews on the rope and on the metal parts, is this ok? I am not sure if this toy is safe!
who do I email information
My dog's neck is 16 inches - tight. What size should I order? How wide? If light blue, what color do you suggest for the embroidery? Reflective?
How is this collar so cheap in price? Is the quality of the collar good? I don't want it to break when my dog pulls on his leash.
My dog's neck is about 15 inches around, 14.5 inches tight. Should I order a small or a medium collar?
what size is best for my cat 2 years old
How does one access "gift messaging" at checkout
How wide is this collar and is it stiff by the buckle ?
Made in USA?
My dog's neck is about 15 inches around, 14.5 inches tight. Should I order a small or a medium collar?
My dog's neck is about 15 inches around, 14.5 inches tight. Should I order a small or a medium collar?
Did anyone else get stuck with one 14oz. bag for $25 because of unclear info
Can you please specify the quantity of the product in total ounces and/or packages?
How many bags of cookies included?
How many 14 oz. bags come with the $15.07 price? I used to pay around $3.60 for a 14 ounces.
where are they made? USA?
Does anyone know what this toy is made out of?
does it last for a pit bull that likes to chew
What's it made of?
Does this stick float?
is it made in USA
What is the "synthetic" and is it flavored- I have a food allergic dog
Can cats claw through the mesh?
Are all five pieces, including the center cube included with this habitat?
I purchased this item. Do you have the missing end piece?
Are the zipper configurations the same on all 4 ends? Think Male-female, fun run to tent one side is M-F but other is M-M and wont zip together.
How big is it? How long from one end to the other?
Can this connect to the ABO Gear Happy Habitat Tent for Cats?
how many inches tall is this tank?
Does this take have a glass bottom? And are there holes in the lid?
How many pounds of gravel is needed for this tank (I see 1 pound and 5 pound bags)?
Is there any way at all to get a replacement light wand for this tank?
Hi, I would like to know if the filter (and column) are completely removable? Is the hood also removable? I am interested in only the cylindrical cont
does this talk come with an air pump and tubing?
how wide is this tank
can you use another filter besides the one that comes with it and whats best recommended?
It would help if Amazon can replace defective led lights sold with these Aquariums.
what is the difference between model ATOAQ36064C and model ATOAQ3606G? Do they both come with air pumps and airline tubing
Does it have a handle for portability?
How does this compare with the Precision crate? I have seen the Precision crate in the store and the quality is excellent.
Could an 8 week old Cocker Spaniel fit in the 24 inch crate size or should I get the 30 inch size?
Does this crate have the divider to help potty training?
Hi I'm searching for the black handles for the iCrate. Do you know where I can purchase these?
What MidWest cushion size works best with this?
Would this be a good size for a minture schnauzer?
Is the floor all part of the wired crate (1 piece), or is the bottom open with a drop-in tray?
Does the pink paint peel off? If so, this is not an appropriate choice for a clever kitty, who would bite and claw it.
Does the pink paint peel off? If so, this is not an appropriate choice for a clever kitty, who would bite and claw it.
Will this crate be to big for a small dog?
What are the dimensions of this item?
does it come with a divider?
how is the battery life? is this better than the einstein 500?
guys.. Im really keen to buy this product but I wanted to know if this can be used for a Golden Retriever dog (85lb)...
What is the difference between the educator and the einstein?
How is the range with this unit ? Is it actually .5 miles??
What is the main difference between the ET-300 and the ET-500? I have a long hair GS dog.
Description refers to "tapping/vibration in ADDITION to stimulus" are these 2 separate options? Called was told no, but reviews seem to say they are.
How bad isthe vibrating tap?Mydog IS well behaved and he follows behind me when offleash.Well.That is, when he sees me. He's deaf.I just want his attn
Rascal bolts out the door. He'll get 20' away, stop, look back and laugh. Bolts again. If I had this gadget, do I say "come" and zap if no response?
I have bought this item from Amazon, and I think it's great. I lost the handset whilst saving my dog from drowning, can this be bought seperately?
Does the remote have a battery saving mode where it shuts off after a certain amount of time? The one I have always shuts off too fast
How Airtight is "Airtight" for this container? How long will my 25lbs of dog food last in this container kept in nice conditions?
Does the top container detach
Would this be good for outdoor storage where squirrels are always looking for food?
Can you open the bottom container without having to move/take off the top container?
measurements?
I see the dimensions but is that including the small container on top as well? My closet is only 16inches tall so I'm wondering about that! Thanks
can it hold 30 pound dry dog food?
Are these airtight or not? Your thoughts?
Can you take the wheels off? Where I would be putting this, the vertical space is more important than being able to wheel it around.
What are the measurements of the containers? I'm wondering if the will fit in my closet.
has kirkland change the formula since last lear
IS THERE PENNYROYAL IN IT
ingredient
Is the shipper insane? Warning: Packaging caused household infestation! Warning! These crickets are not in any container other than the outside box! I now have a cricket infestation of my entire house because, assuming as any normal person would that...
are these crickets able to be turned loose outside? we live in western Washington on 10 acres
Will these crickets chirp? Is there a circumstance to get them to chirp more, or less?
"B00H39W338 for 100 counts" is for 100 SMALL crickets. I need large ones. ?
about how long will these guys live? i would use a 20 gal tank with cricket food and that flukers gel . anything else i should add to the tank ?
What are the crickets fed?
Was the box unmarked? Could you tell there were crickets in there?
Is there a way to get a smaller order of these crickets?
How big of a box do these come in?
When it says waterproof, does that mean the dog will be able to go swimming?
I read the radius is adjustable but adjustable too how far out? We have about 2 acres.
Will this fence work if you have a metal roof on your home and metal grain bins and pole barns on your property?
Are the dogs collars now waterproof? We are looking at the Havahart Wireless Radial-Shape 2 Wireless Fence for our lab but want waterproof collars.
how does the collar behave if the dog were to cross out into densely wooded areas that could be in the roaming area?
How long does it take to charge the batteries?
Does anybody have this system set up on over 3 acres and if so, how does it respond?
how do these systems work on non level terrain?
Does this system continuously shock the dog if the go outside the safe zone?
I have 2 Rottweiler pups that will be 1 year old in a couple of weeks. Has anyone used this fence with Rotties?
How do you know what a small size dog is
I have 2 chihuahuas the biggest only weighs 3 lbs. what is the smallest a dog can be to use this?
If you have the controller in the home, how does the dog get into the house without any correction?
IF MY YARD IS NOT LEVEL, WILL IT STILL WORK?
how do i activate my warranty
What is the country of origin? I don't want made in China...
Does the swing come with a hook for hanging?
To those of you that are getting swingers how far away have you placed your swing from the feeder
I bought two of these swings and they both came without the little red glass bead. Is the glass bead included with the swing?
Does the 'glass bead' come in two unattached pieces?
What id the diameter of the dowel?
I'm curious. Anybody know who invented this? Apparently they sell really well!
2 questions-how far can you break the cage down once it's been assembled? Also-how hard is it to put together? The hubby and I are neither very handy.
Is the bottom of the cage metal or plastic?
Hi. Is this cage also for chinchillas?
What is the bar spacing on the cage outta curiosity
I am looking for a sturdy cage that is economical. Is this your best recommendation? What is a good metal wheel?
I didnt get instructions on how to build it! Email me them?
The first photo and the third photo look like two different cages (hearts and different stand). Can you tell me which one is for sale?
Is the bottom of the cage, before the tray, have bars? If so would they be able to be removed ?
whst are the demensions without the stand ?
What is the spacing measurement between the bars?
does this come with two shelves and two ladders to put inside the cage. (not talking about the stand shelf.
does anyone know the gauge of the metal? I want to know if it's one of those flimsy ones or if it's one of those very sturdy ones.
Is the slide-out tray made of metal or plastic?
Is there a way that I can just purchase the cage and not the stand? If not, is there another seller that just sells the cage?
Do you have the opton of not using the shelf and ladders? I am pretty sure you just don't add them when the cage together but wanted to be sure
what is the height of just the cage?
Do the shelves and perches come with the cage?
Is this for sure 3/8" wire spacing. You say it is, but a buyer said it is 1/2... I need the smallest for my orange cheek finches
Could a Sun Conure break through the bars on this cage?
Is the height that of the cage or does it include the stand?
How big of a cat will this comfortably hold?
Are there roll-down 'shades' to cover up the mesh screens?
Does this carrier hook to the seatbelt?
I have two 4-5 lb chihuahuas. Does anyone have experience with two dogs this size on a road trip. Will they fit comfortably?
Is the frame made of metal, so I could strap it to my bike rack without it collapsing?
My cat tends to scratch and i am scared she will escape through the mesh..is the mesh scratch proof?
Will it be big enough for a full grown papillon ?
Are these approved for airline travel?
Is there a shoulder strap with this?
Does this have wire mesh on all sides including the bottom?
Is there any material on the bottom
need to know the dimensions of this product as it comes boxed/flat pack. Its for shipping purposes.
where is the access door located?
Can this run attach to any of the Advantek hutches?
Is the floor wire or solid? It's hard to tell from the picture, but it looks like it's wire..
does anyone know how much space you have underneath --the height from the floor to the bottom of the hutch
How does it fair in the elements? Is it good for outside in rain, sun, snow? Is it sturdy for windy conditions?
Is there room enough for two chickens?
Would this work for two guinea pigs?
how wide is it and how long is it the rabbit cage
How much assembly is required for this hutch when it arrives?
Is the roof solid or mesh wire?
Are the rabbits able to get in and out by them selfs?
What is the smallest the collar go I see it goes up to 32" but what does it start at?
I have a 75 lb dog and the collar is on the highest setting.. my dog doesn't even register it's going off. What should I do?
What model actually ships?? I noticed a "customer" posted a photo of the newer model, which one do you receive? Can a recent purchaser please help me?
Can you buy a replacement remote as my dog ate ours.
What level of "shock" do you use? My dogs don't seem to bat an eye with it set on 5?
The ON, OFF button fell out, but a pencil point worked for 6 months, but has now quit. Battery is already "charged", but no green light and will not
How long do the batteries last? On the collar as well as the remote?
We have two dogs, if I get a remote and collar for each will they interfere with one another?
My dog is a lab and jumps in the lake often. Will this hold against being submerged in water several times a day?
How much water does it hold?
can you take the lid off?
Does this tank come with everything in it that is shown here....such as the plants and pot?
Does the lid come off easily, or does it snap on and off? (I have a cat, needs to be cat proof!)
Does this have a filtration system? I don't understand. I'm new to fish thanks!
is really bright the led, where is the led, i&acute;m expecting use that for decoration in a party.
is this battery operated or do you have to plug it in?
this fish tank suitable for any type of fish?
Is it big and how much water can you put?
Is there any way to replace the bulb it comes with?
Don't the glo fish jump out of this tank?
Where do you purchase glo fish?
Can you get replacement bulbs for the light? For those who have had this awhile, has the light lasted?
Pump for water fall and light every thing is built in and will work on 12 volt ac is it like this
will this work on 220 voltage
Does it have an on/off switch for the light?
What kind of filter use?
Is the water that feeds into the waterfall coming from under the gravel or is the filter exposed in the water?
Is it hard to clean, and how often should it be cleaned?
is it that big of a tank with decor or should that be left out?
what are the dimen of this product? holong and wide is it
Can I use this as my day light for my beta fish? I know it is meant to be lunar light, but need something for my 2.5 gallon beta tank.
I have a 16 gallon wide screen tank. is this able to fit various sizes tops? Or does it only fit on exact dimensions? Thank you.
Does anyone know if (since these lights have very little heat output) this can be placed inside a plastic ziploc-type bag to protect from moisture?
Does this enhance the colors of standard fish, like angel fish?
I assume it comes with it's own power supply?
I have a regular led cover for a 10 gal tank, where does this go? How do you attach?
the discription says this light is 4x5x.8 but in another answer below it says it is 4x11 does anyone know which is correct?
Can this light sit on the top of a glass lid?
dose it look med dark or light dark,for a 29 gal,
will 2 of these work for a 55 gal tank?
My existing 20gallon aquarium have a light hood on it, so will this attach to that or will i have to take the hood off? how does clamp that come work?
Would this even be necessary on the 3Gal Tank? or is it just a waste of $?
I lost the power adapter for this. Can anyone check the voltage and amps on their power adapter ? Should be right on the plug ?
Is this "too much light" for a 5 gallon tank?
can it be used with existing 20 gallon aquarium?
Is there a plastic cover over the LED's or are they open to the water?
is the cord water proof??
I live in France. I like to know if theRound Bubbler Blue Leds can work with my electric systen &amp; if the blue enhanced the phosphorescent fake plants
is it true you cannot turn the light off on this? can you use the light w/o the bubbler? Only need some blue led lighting in the existing cresent ta
How many bubblers should I buy for a 5 gallon tank?
Can you use this without pump
what kind of pump do you need to go with this?
does this product come with a power supply?
How big around is this? I'm a little confused by the description.
Is there a way to replace the blue LEDs with white or clear bulbs?
Plants
Where is the filter located inside of the assembled tank?
Can you turn the light off at night? I want to make sure my daughter can sleep
Will a regular tank with a black light have the same effect as these fancy led blue bulbs?
The stated dimensions do NOT agree with Tetra's site nor with any other sites dimensional claims. I REALLY need to know how 'deep' (front to back) it is!
how many fish can survive in this tank
what size filter cartridges are used for the filter?
How many bags of rock do you need to fill the bottom?
Does anyone know if a black moor or two would fit in this tank with a couple of the glowfish?
Can this be installed in French doors?
Does this come with a tunnel kit? I ordered this, and it only came with the door, security panel, and exterior trim pieces.
Can I use this dog door if I have panels in my door?
Does this wall mount door fit concrete block walls up to 12" thick? All parts are included?
Can this door be installed in a sliding glass door? If so does it need to be by a glass professional?
what are the inside and outside dimensions?
Does this door make any noise upon opening or closing?
Can a relatively strong cat make it through this door?
Can I save money and buy a door mount PlexiDor for my wall? I would just buy a wall kit??
Will this seal tightly over a double panel door? (There will be 2 grooves approximately 1/8" deep along the top and bottom seams) Or get a new door?
Can this be installed in an aluminum screen/storm door?
Why does it say shipping will take 1-2 months??????? My puppies need them now!
do these have red dye in them?
I cannot find the calorie count of the Dingo Twist anywhere. Does anyone know?
Do you offer a discount on shipping for multiples of the same item? (dingo twists 50 pack)
Are there any Dingo products NOT made in China?
Is regular litter needed with this?
do you get 10 pads in each pack, which adds up to a total of 40 pads for 44.99?
Is there litter dust? I need an unscented litter with little dust (for me--the cats don't care)
Why has this product suddenly gone up by $16 (for 10 packs of 4)???
Perhaps this is a dumb question, but how do you all dispose of the used pad?
Do you need to replace all the pellets once a month, or just add more as the pellets get low? Do the pellets themselves retain odor?
Found other Litter Pads to work in the Breeze system....How much liquid do the Breeze Litter pads hold compared to the others?
I have a Calico who pees wherever she wants. This is driving us nuts. She won't use a litter box. What to do????
Has anyone tried using Dog wee wee pads in lieu of Tidy Cat Breeze pads? They are MUCH cheaper, just wonder if they would work as well?
What substitutes can be used for the pellets?
is this a good cage for parrotletts
is it big enough for a blue and gold mcaw
Would this cage accommodate an alexandrine parrot 23 in long I think I need at least a 30 in cage or larger
Will green cheek conures be ok in this cage with the bar spacing?
is the bar spacing good for my budgies
can you give me the sizes.
what is the bar spacing on this cage?
how large is this cage would it be big enough for an AfricanGrey
I would like to know the measurements of this cage?
I have this bird cage for my green conure and he loves it. But the ladder and food holders on top are missing. Can you sell these piece?
Will this light be ok for a 4ft tank?
what size do i need for my 100gal (60") tank?
can you take the lense cover off and clean inside light
Can you upgrade and add led strips to make this a double bright?
works well for a 80 gallon tank?( 50x20x20in)
Has anyone attempted to hang their light versus having it sit on the tank?
I saw a comment that said the light was very blue. Does it impact the look of the fish?
Does this safely fit on a standard black framed glass tank? Do the two legs set in the frame lip or do you need a glass top?
Do you use it for corals?
will this product work for live plants in the tank?
where is product made? USA?
How many milligrams of chlorella are in each wafer?
will they help with my cats fur? do cats like them?
What are the ingredients in wafers for dogs?
How large is the "basket" - measurement across
Not including the ladder that seems to extend in the photo shown, what is the width and the length of the tree's base?
Is there any way to order an individual piece as a replacement piece for the round hammock on the side?
Hi, What is the height ?
Hi, what is the shipping box dimension?
hi im from ecuador but a have a locker in usa but mi question is if this comes disassembled in a box and weigh as?
My cat is about 12 pounds, and I was wondering if he would be able to use everything in this tree? Want to purchase a good one for him! He's big!
Can a can with declawed front paws use this?"
Can you say me the shipping Product Dimensions?
My cat is approx. 7-8 isn pounds. Will he fit this tree?
How is the tree secured?
What are the dimensions of the top perch?
Is this good for multiple cats? I have 5 cats (2 are 12+ lbs) that would use it. We've already had one begin to fall apart within a month of use
Can I use middle rest platform as a feeding area for 2 cats? We are getting a puppy and want to remove cats food from floor... Or other ideas for it?
Whats the size (dimensions) of the package (box) ?
My cat is 19.2 lbs and needs a very sturdy cat tree! Can anybody suggest a good one?
im missing some screws how do i get them ?
How tall are the post?
what are the dimensions of the box?
Mine keeps coming loose...any suggestions on keeping it together Mr.Odd loves his tree!
My cat is a long kitty, possibly a Maine Coon but only weighs 10#, will the box be big enough to fit him comfortably?
how tall and the width &amp; length oh the whole cat tree?
are the posts made out of cardboard?
I have an older fat chubby cat, will he fit into the box on the second and first tier of the cat tree? I also have a kitten assuming that my older cat
Does the faux fur last or do the cats tear it up?
I'm seriously thinking about buying this, but I'd like your input. Is it really, really sturdy?? One of my cats weighs 24 pounds.
What are the dimensions of the posts?
Do I need any of my own tools to assemble this?
What is the size of the box with the hole?
I have two cats-13 lb and 20 lb. Would this be big enough for them or what would be?
What is the diameter of the two cat beds at the top?
The 3 "branches" with the hanging balls - are they rigid or bendable? Would you think it could be a risk for them to jump into and get hurt? Can the branch things be left off without adversely affecting the rest?
Can the s shaped part at the base be move to the front or back?
How does the carpet withstand clawed cats? Does it shred and pull apart like some of the carpeted types?
Would this be a good cat tree for an american shorthair kitten?
what is the weight limit?
How tall is this tree from bottom to highest perch? Thanks.
Is this pet condo covered with fleece or carpet. Thank you
Can you use these wipes to cleanse the inside of your dogs ears?
I've been buying exact same product for $1 at Dollar Value store. What is list of ingredients? Maybe that accounts for the price difference?
What if they lick their paws after using these?
can you use them on a puppy
Can I use them on my dog's face, fur etc?
What is the size of each wipe?
Are these made in the USA?
What country are these made in?
What are the active and inactive ingredients in this product and in what amounts?
I've been buying the exact same product for $1 at Dollar Value. What is the list of ingredients, maybe that accounts for price difference?
How hard is it to maintain a tank like this. I would like rocks and clown fish?
would it be good for freshwater use also??
What's the size?
Do you need a heater for this tank if your going to do saltwater? Do most heaters fit?
can you put a protein skimmer and a power head in the back
Is the biocube 'size 29' listed at $219.99 actually a 29 gallon tank?
What are the dimensions including the hood? I would like to put it in a tv, but i think it's too big.
what all comes in this tank. does it come with a skimmer?
Can I changethe charcoal filter for something less restrictive? After a day or two it doesn't allow water flow at same rate and pump begins gurgling.
Is this the lastest model with the separate light switches? How many additional light slots does it have?
whats the difference between this and the plant+? I have a 8 gallon marine corals and fish tank, which one fits me better?
For a freshwater tank 9 to 10 inches deep, would you recommend the FugeRay or Planted+ for medium to high light plants (including CO2)? Thanks!
Will it help red plants in 15in high tank?
if i get a 24" light, will i be able to shrink it down to fit a 20" wide tank?
Did this light come out BEFORE the Finnex PLANTED + ? Thanks
I have a 5.5 gallon betta tank that I would like to put plants in. The tank is 16in long should I go with the 12in or the 16in light?
Hello, I have a 30 gallon hexagon acrylic tank and the top opening is 12" x 5". If i order the 12" will the legs go out farther so it can sit on tank top? Will the 12" be enough light for the tank with live plants, angel fish and silver dollars? Since...
will it fit 21.5" length?
Is the length of this unit adjustable? Given length is 12," will the sides extend to fit a 14" refugium?
I have a Nano plant tank that's 14" across; which would be the correct unit to order, 12" or 16"?
What size fixture should I get for a tank that measures 11.8 inches in width?
I have a 20gal Long tank. 30x12. Which fixture should I get?
Would the 10" version be useable on a Fluval Spec III?
can the 10 inch work for 10 gallon?
can this light be used for reef tanks
In order to use this, I need to put it on a tank with no hood or buy some glass and put that on the top? Frogs: will jump out of tank. Need cover.
Are there two prongs on the 10" unit's plug or three? What about on the 12" unit's plug? I need to know to buy timers. Thank you.
Will the 10 inch light fit on a 5 gallon aquarium with a hood?
need to know if this fits a 10.8 inch width aquarium?
Will the water freeze in below freezing temps?
does this hook up to a garden hose
How long is the power cord?
Yes I am wondering if it's too large for cats?
We recently purchased this, loving the idea, but does anyone other than me have dogs refuse to use it? I have a golden retriever and two daschund and
Someone said that by removing the air out of the system it would be less noisy. How do you do that because I find it way too noisy since I plugged it?
Which filter does it use? Will the filters from the big dog or platinum fit?
Will the fountain work if it's been rained on?
The plug in on mine gets terribly hot anyone else having this problem? Mine is 2 days old now and I unplug it at night.
How tall is this gate?
I have a narrow entrance of 24 inches. Will this gate work since it can curve out from the opening?
How easy is it to open the gate ? Grandpa will be staying with us so I'd like to keep it simple.
I have a 45 inch opening, but on one side the edge is a right angle, so the panel could run along that side. I am looking for a wooden gate and door Will this work or do you have another product where the door and a side panel fit within the 45 inches?...
Will this keep a full grown Golden Retriever?
My opening is 61". Will it work? I am not sure I understand how the side panels work to keep pups in.
can it be used outdoors?
What is the minimum width between the legs? Would the legs fit between a 30in opening?
What is the minimum width between the legs? Would the legs fit between a 30in opening?
What is the weight of this gate?
Hi! Can you please tell me if this could be worn in the front of your body too? I would prefer to see my dog the entire time. Thanks!
we have a Schauzer Yorkie mix. currently weighs 19 pounds. will this working for hiking and biking?
How do the straps come across the front chest? Do they criss-cross the chest? Is there a strap that comes across the waist?
Does this back pack have an odor to it? Some of the carriers have a rather unpleasant chemical smell.
Can you fit this under the seat on airplane? Is there enough room for a pee pad? I have a 6LB. kitty.
Under the floor compartment, there's a wire. Where does it go?
Can your wear this on the front?
my dog is 12kg now. can i use this backpack?
please let me know possible pet's weights
I need to ship 2 full grown cats on SW airlines in this. Will they be comfortable?
is size 2 fits a 12 bl dog?
the dimensions of shoes?
what size should i get my 15 pound pitty
Different Color?
where can i find a size chart
How do you know what size to order?
Sizing: Any help?
Are these treats made in the USA, or in China ???
Do these need to be refrigerated once opened?
Would these be too small for a 10 month old German Shepherd? If so, which would be recommended? Any input will be appreciated.
I have a very small dog - will these treats hold up well to breaking into small pieces for reward, or will they crumble?
Can anyone who has the package tell me how many calories per treat? Thanks!
Thanks to everyone for the great responses...will bring the info to her vet an get an answer as to whether or not it will be ok...but judging by how much protein is in them I think he'll probably say no :(
Do they have any odors?
How long to the wishbones last while they are still wrapped up?
Can you put to smally Yorkies in here with room
does it have a plastic rain cover
does the back of the stroller zip? mine is just a flap...i feel like this is not correct since my dog can fall/slip right out. please help!
I've had this stroller for about a year and like it, but today we blew a tire. Anyone have any advice about replacing them?
Are there two tethers or just one inside?
I am 5' 10". Is this stroller comfortable for taller humans? I'm not finding any with telescoping arms specified.
Hi Reviewers, we are looking at this stroller for my 'couch potato dog'. How small does it collapse, and is it easy to load/unload from car?
what does it weigh?
Does the front pocket/flap looking thing open for ventilation?
Does the small panel in front unzip so pups can see out if they are laying down?
is this good enought for a sofa of 75" seat
Does this have the paw print backing for non slip on leather sofa &amp; chair?
Does this have the paw print backing for non slip on leather sofa &amp; chair?
What kind of material is the backing?
is this waterproof?
There are contradicting answers as to width. Does anybody know the total width, arms + whole seat area? 110"?
What are the actual dimensions of the cover? My sofa has a high back and wide arms, so it would be great to know if this cover will fit well. Thanks!
how did you guys make your dog use this ..? any advice pls
Any suggestions for cleaning?
What is the size?
can these be linked together to make a larger area, i have 4 large german shepherds
Would you recommend buying replacement "grass" or it is okay to just keep cleaning it after every mess?
I have a French Bulldog is the pad big enough for her?
how does a male dog pee on it?
Can this be used outdoors, for example, on a deck?
Purchased Tinkle Turf, turf didn't snap into the unit. Puppy kept picking it up. Does this turf snap into place into the unit?
Is the faux grass nice looking?
Very cute, but I don't trust China not to kill my dog... is this made in the USA or no?
How easily are they squeaked? My dog loves small toys like this, but if they're super squeaky she gets scared and won't play with them.
Where are the Hide and Seek Plush toys manufactured?
How small are the hedgehogs? Dog is gentle with stuffed toys, but am worried they might be small enough to swallow. 70lbs GS mix. TY!
what size is the xlarge cover
Is this blackout material? I would like the crate to stay dark so our puppy wakes up a bit later to fit our schedule
Specifically for the XL size, when side rolled up, door appears to be covered up a bit at the top, is that like 2" or 6" (i.e. hassle to access?)
Didn't realize I can order A bed that matches Could you send me the Imformation To Order A bed To match The Cover I Bought
want to know what Size i need For 42 x28 x30,,
Do you get 3-9 oz bags (27 oz total)or 3-3 oz bags for a total of 9 oz? Thanks
The descriptions say 9 Oz (Pack of 3). Does that mean 3 9 oz.
where is this product made?
I'm going to order this but it makes no sense that this item is 3 of the 9-ounce bags for $8.64 but farther down it's listed for $84?? Hmmmmm
Is the space ok or too small for a pinscher to be all day long (I have to bring her to work, so she doesn&acute;t stay alone)
I have 2 Yorkie puppies who will each be about 5 lbs. Is there enough room for both or should I get a larger playpen?
Can I use this on a tiled floor? If so, how can I secure it?
Is the playpen washable? I have an aging dog who is peeing a lot more frequently and I am sure she will have an accident in the pen.
I have an 11 lb dog- will there be enough room? Can she knock it over?
The door/flap in the front, is it lockable?
I am looking to take in two kittens, will this work for them? I have school so I cannot be home with them all the time.
How strong is the nylon mesh of this compared to a baby pack n play mesh?
What are the dimensions of a single panel.
Would this be good for a small teacup chihuahua? I'm traveling and in the case I need to leave her at home I don't want her to get bitten by Mosquitos
sizing
Can you attach a leash to it?
my cat weights 15 lbs,what size should i get her?
will it help with controlling destructive behavior, such as pulling up carpeting or chewing paper, cardboard,etc.?
How thick is the material? Also, does the shirt cover the entire stomach? I need the whole chest covered
I have not bought this product yet and am wondering for a 10 pound cat who is kind of on the chubby side what is a good size for her?
Anyone used this for a cat that likes to howl at stupid o'clock in the morning? I'm thinking of having my kitty wear it overnight to try and calm her.
My cat is afraid of the sound of velcro. what is the closure made of?
Is it made in the USA or China?
My cat has hyperthyroidism and has started to yowl more (one of the symptoms). Would this help to calm the yowling?
It's good for the plants?
how many watts?? And will this work for corals??
How wide is the light strip?
Can these lights be submersed under water?
How does it fit with the filter? Does it go underneath?
is this 21-inch light very close to 6500K with the white LED's on only?
Will this fit on the console of my Cadillac CTS the distance between seats is barely 10 inches but if the entire body of this is foam will it squish
Would it be useful when just on the seat vs. on the console? Can it be strapped if on the seat?
Can you tell me exact dimension of this console seat? Length, width and height of front and back of this seat? Thank you!
Would it fit on my Nissan Rogue consel..
Will this seat work in a 2013 Ford Escape? My dog is small - 6.8 lbs, so I want her to be able to see out or nap.
Will it fit accura RDX SUV and does it come in black
How big of a dog can fit? Weight, length?
Would this fit in a 2006 Dodge Durango?
What is the color of the item? Is it Chaparral? Thanks
What is the length?
is this for small dogs I have a 86 pound large dog ,
is the model LF 3.1 suitable for 80lb dogs? I see different answers below. If it is not suitable for this size dog then please tell me the model numbe
Its advertised as being good for apartments, I live on the 2nd floor, would this treadmill make too much noise for neighbors?
Can we order a replacement assembly and instruction manual?
Does it have wheels so it can be moved easily?
Does it ship fully assembled?
Can a person who weighs 110 pounds also use it for themselves?
How long do you have the dog do 4 MPH
does it have a flat setting or must it run at a incline?
Can it be used without the top support bar?
how many feet per unit?
Are these Litter Locker or Litter Genie? They look like Litter Genie, which is what I need, so why mention Litter Locker at all?.
Does the Litter Locker refills work on the Litter Genie? they look the same but just wasn't sure.
Can I use the standard refills with the Genie Plus? Thanks
What diameters of cans does the cover fit?
Is the price for one lid, or a package of them? How many in the package?
What color are the covers?
what size is this lid?
Does this fit on the small 3 oz cans? thx
can tthis clipper be used on a large thick coated german shepard?
What industry the product
Where is it made?
Does anyone know where replacement blades, etc. can be purchased???
Is there a depth gage setting of any kind, or is the hair length left behind more of a manual thing?
The last person who asked about replacement parts got some rubbish answers, so I shall ask again, where does one get replacement parts?
is it 220 voltage advise please
we have 2 long matted curly goldendoodle, are sheep shears safe to use on them?
Can the blades be replaced by any standard clipper blade (ie: one purchased at Tractor Supply or from grooming catalog etc)?
Can this be used in India?
would any one suggest this light for a small planted aquarium?
What would you rate the kelvin output at that this light provides?
The light is very blue, I am not used to more daylight. Will this affect the coral growth and the fish? I have it on a ten gallon reef tank.
Can someone please tell me if this is good for a turtle? I have no clue about lighting and I want to make sure my son's turtle is comfortable. Thanks
Is this light sufficient for RBTA ( Red Bubble Tip Anemone)?
I would like to grow algae, does this light help?
There is moonlight support?
Is the "hood" over the light strip removable? It looks like it might be from the pics, but I can't tell for sure.
Can the clamp fit over the plastic "lip" you find around the top of most aquariums, or will it only work with tanks with glass edges (like nanos)?
what is the ratio (blue vs white)
Does this have one power cord or two? Is it three-pronged or two-pronged at the plug? Thank you.
Is this one too blue? I want to use it in my sump dark area already on a 40 G tank? Thanks
If I had 2 of these on a 46 bow front could I hv coral?
Will this grow SPS coral?
What is the distance between the outer edges of both clamps? I need to know if I can mount this on a 7 inch stretch of glass.
how do you select what model? after a 01119.
Would this light be sufficient for a green bubble tip anemone ?
can i use in 220v ?
What's the PAR for this lights?
would this work for our cat..she is a pretty calm inside cat and fairly small.
Could my pet guinea pig use this?
Do hedgehogs enjoy playing in this?
can guniea pigs play in it
Would this be suitable for sugar gliders?
Can this product be used for a dog?
Can I get some more balls for this? Since I bought this toy, my dog has chewed several of the balls and they had to be thrown away.
I have rats, and the Marshall stretchy tunnel thingy. They have already chewed a few small holes in it but I don't care. Would this be durable enough?
Would this be a good toy to get for my 1 year old nephew?
Has anyone use this product on ferrets? If so how did it work for you?
Is this compatible for rabbits
Will this work for pet rats?
Does it work for rats because i need a cheap kit like this and how far apart are the bars on the ferret cage it goes to? THANKS!!
Can you take out the fleece liner and replace it with your own? Apprently its annoying to take off and put on. :)
Will Midiwest homes for pets nation accessory kit,will it work for pet rats?
Has anyone use this product for pet rats?
does this fit Prevue Hendryx 485 Pet Products Feisty Ferret Home
Is the cage incleded?
Are the floor and or shelf covers reversible to purple like the ramp covers?
Why is there no "subscribe &amp; save" option for this product? Kitty litter is something in need all of the time.
Is GMO corn used to make this litter?
How big is this bag volume-wise? Trying to compare cost per litter change versus clay based products which are much heavier.
How about tracking? I have a Maine Coon (BIG paws with long fur on bottom of paws) &amp; he can really track litter through the house...
What is the actual difference in composition between single and multiple?
Is the packaging recyclable?
How is this packaged for shipping? In an unmarked box? I don't want my landlord to see that I'm getting cat litter delivered.
is this made from GMO corn?
I have a bag of this litter and don't see anything about it being compostable. That would be great. Is it really?
is it flushable?
is this a type of wood? how easy is it to clean of slobber and drool?
This may seem obvious, but no one mentions whether removing the water and food bowls every time you want to open the lid becomes annoying. Thoughts?
how many pounds of food can be stored?
Can you access the food below if you take out one bowl, or do you have to take out both bowls to lift the lid to get to the food?
I'm wondering what is the size of the bowls? How many quarts? If it's 2QT I don't think that is large enough for a large dog.
please verify diminsions...5x25x8...seems wrong...maybe 5x25x18? Or 15x25x8?
Are the 15x18 dimensions given the inside dimension, or the outside included?
Is the cover removable?
does the cover zip off
does the bed come with a removable pillow ? are there zippers to remove foam prior to machine washing ?
What are the inside dimensions for this bed?
what are the dimensions of this item
how long is it
size?
What is the length?
Is this a non-toxic toy? (free of heavy metals?) Thanks!
What are the dimensions?
Is there anyway to "reinflate" the inner ball? After 10 minutes it looks like it's been subjected to a vacuum pressure suction.
is this ball the same size as the crunchy ball with feet,? I am looking for the bigger ball
Where is it made?
What is the diameter of this ball? In the large size?
How did you attach the brackets? The screws that come with them seem too long.
How many lights can these docking legs accommodate?
Will this fit any size tank?
Are these docking legs only designed to fit a rimless tank or will they fit any tank?
what kind of wood is this made with? what kind of wood is this made with?
How many chickens will it hold comfortable?
Does anyone use this for rabbits? What are the pros and cons of this house for rabbits?
How would you say is the quality of this coop? Is it durable and will it look good for a while?
The pictures don't match the description- I think they're pictures of a door???
I have two miniature Pygmy Deer will this chicken coop hold them?
Can this coop be stained ????
Is there any way I can get another run to expand the size of the pen?
Can you open the large wooden roof or just the small one?
Would this coop be decently suited for bantam breeds?
10 x 10 inch? How would this fit a 10 ft x 10 ft kennel? are is this a misprinet
Just ordered a Stephens Pipe &amp; Steele 10 x 10 chain link kennel with two expansion panels for a 10 x 20 kennel. Would this work on half?
How does it attach to the kennel? Is it like the Lucky dog cover?
Will this top fit a Dr. Bob's 10x10 dog kennel?
How does the cover bars attach to the rail of kennel? I have a wire welded kennel with 1 3/4 in pipe.
I am just looking for the tarp to fit my 10 x 10. I already have the frame.
Since this is advertised as a universal kennel cover, will it fit a galvanized wire mesh kennel I bought at Menards?
How many support bars run across the cover?
Will this work on the 10x10 kennel sold by Tractor Supply?
What is the mold made of?
Unless I'm missing it, there doesn't appear to be a small size. Is this one appropriate for toy breed size dogs?
What size is each treat?
Is the tray dishwasher safe?
How easy is it to pop treats out of tray ?
Do these fit exactly/snuggly in the Large Kong size? I'm trying to understand the benefit versus a regular ice cube tray.
will they fit in the small kong
Can it be made into a square?
Would it scratch a wood floor?
can you make two small confined pens?
Would it be possible to flip the door panel, so that it is flush with the ground? My Corgi wouldn't be able to step inside...too high of a step over.
can you buy extra panels to make the pens bigger?
How big is the pen circumference when set up
Has anyone used these for kittens?
Can you buy 2 and build them into a bigger playpen?
What is the spacing between bars?
bar spacing
I can't figure out how to set it up. I fit the hooks into the loops but I don't know where to put the rods... Someone help!
how much does the 24" &amp; 36" sizes weigh?
what is the difference between regular Dasuquin chews and those with MSM?
Is there an independent medical study proving the benefits of this product? Heard a doctor last week saying glucosamine etc are a waste of money on humans.
Has anyone tried the tablets instead of these chewables? Wondering if they were palatable to your dog, perhaps if ground up &amp; added with food?
Does this product work well on back issues
My dog won't eat the chewable pills. Did anyone have any luck getting a picky dog to eat the Soft Chews when they wouldn't eat the chewable pills?
What is the expiration date on your current stock?
What is date on bag?
does it contain vitamin c
What are the quantities of each ingredient?
Give us a complete and exact ingredients list so we can make an informed decision.
Does it need to be refrigerated after opening?
Can this be given as a treat daily?
how many calories are in it?
How strong is this? I have three very large dogs. (I'd only be walking one at a time, but it needs to last)
I have a 60 pound 10 month old female German Shepherd,any tips on what size I should get for her?
i have a dalmatian? what size should i get?
What is the best size for a Golden Retriever?
size measurements for the large?
Does this have an attachment for a leash or would I need to have a harness on my dog in addition?
how many pounds will a size large fit? sizing chart?
Is it just the inner harness/sadle that is size specific? Can you use one backpack between the small, medium &amp; large harnesses?
Is there a connector to use this as a substitute for a harness?
What is the buckle on the front for?
Most of these bowl I have purchased leaked terribly after a few weeks. How does your bowl stand up, warranty?
Is this made in China?
how deep is the medium-48?
what does medium-48 mean, does that mean 48oz?
Hello, what is the diameter of the Outward Hound Port-a-Bowl, Medium-48? Thank you!
What is the diameter and height please, my dog is big!
If i wanted to use the bowl for food while traveling, is there a draw string to secure the food inside the bowl for transport?
Concerned about the opening size, I have a 55 pound Pitbull/American bulldog mix. Does anyone have a smiliar sized dog, does the 48oz work well?
How do you clean this?
is this sturdy for and how much weight can the packs hold?
I have a 140lb Saint Bernard. Will the x-tra large fit her? She is not quite 2 years old yet, birthday in June, and we NEED one of these!!
size chart?
does it come with water bowl
I have a Blue Nose Pit. 70lbs. His neck is 24 inches and his chest is 31 inches. Should I just go with the XL or will the Large size work?
what would be t best fit for a 83lb labrador? i boug&#26;ht an xl because of some of the comments on the reviews but its very big for him.
would this fit a 125lb great dane (female)
Where do you clip the leash? Can I use this with my Gentle Leader?
Can bag be used for in cabin airline flights?
will it fit a 17 pound cockapoo?
Is there a hook for a collar or harness?
can this be used as a backpack vs wearing it on the front?
What's a good size for a French Bulldog?
For Medium size, what is the length from the top of the neck opening to the end where the tail would be?
My Bichon is 17.5lbs and girth is around 19....wondering if a medium would be best? I don't want the small to fit too tightly? Your thoughts??
Would this work for a pug puppy at 8 1/2 pounds? thanks.
I have a short legged Jack Russell Terrier. 19 inch girth, 12 inch neck and 12 inch length. Size small or medium? Any info will help!
Has anyone used this on a dachsund? Mine can swim (sorta) but would it get in the way of his stumpy little legs? Thanks!
Is black velcro belly area supposed to overlap? I got a M for my husky with 26 in girth (falls in M range) but it doesnt velcro (buckles clasp though)
What's the good size for a 33lbs dog?girth is 23inch.
would a meduim fit an australian shepherd? he is currentlty 42lbs expected to reach 65lb at full growth. he is 9 months.
I have a snouswer he has a 12 inch neck 21 inch around his chest and 17 and1/2 from bottom of neck to start of his tail what size do I need it get.
I'd like to get one for my dog, she's a Beagle, how would I go about measuring her to see what size she'd need? She's about 25lbs. Thanks in advance.
Is there a place to clip a leash? I noticed one of the older models had that feature? My dogs pull a lot when walking and I don't like to use a collar for that reason. Normally I use a harness but sounds like the pack would cover the harness up.
How often does the pack tilt to one side? I bought a previous outward hound backpack and it was always flopping over.
Will the pack flop about for a dog who likes to run? I walk my dog off leash and she sometimes goes for a swim or does 25 mph sprints. also she poops at an extreme angle with her hind legs practically touching her front ones like she is about to sit on...
Are there guidelines for how much weight you should put in the pack? Like 5% of the dog's bodyweight? Or...?
Does anyone use this backpack specifically for running with your dog? I am worried about chafing, especially under front legs. Thanks!
My dog wear a harness, he has a few styles, one that clips near his back and one that clips to the front of his chest. would this work on top of it?
Does your dog act strange when wearing this pack? My dog refuses to obey commands when she's wearing this, and just stands there looking at me.
I have a border collie, and he is the bigger size for border collie, now is 35 and will be 55 pounds when fully grow. What size I should buy for him?
Is it machine washable?
What size waists does this fit?
How can I order just another leash? I already have the belt and leash that came with it, but need another leash for my other dog.
would a fairly large smart phone fit in the big pocket? Nearly 6"x3"?
does this come with the strap?
What's the difference between the 2530 and 2531 models?
How strong is this? I have three very large dogs. (I'd only be walking one at a time, but it needs to last)
I have a 90lb lab, short legged, but pretty thick build. Should I go with the L or XL?
I am looking at getting one for my Pitt and my Coyote. The pitt is 65 pounds, and the coyote averages 50, would a large suffice for both?
Carving for a red nose pitbull?? two years I want to Venezuela sending greetings.
can my cats ride in the side bags?
Where can you attach a leash on this pack? I can't see it in the photos and the descriptions don't mention anything about a D-ring
What size would i need for a german shepherd?
I am concerned about velcro part. What are the chances of one of the sides to become undone if the dogs runs through the woods?
Which size would be best for a 40-45 lbs. Staffordshire Bull Terrier?
Is the material durable? And is the product made in USA or just the material and assemble elsewhere?
I don't see the size chart. I have two Vizslas weighing between 45-50 pounds, pretty slender with muscle tone. What size would y'all recommend? Thanks
Can this double as a safety seat belt for in the car?
We have a 2 year old Doberman Pincher and I need to know how to get his size. PLEASE let me know how to figure out what size is right for him. Ty
Where exactly do I measure the girth of my dog's chest to check what size she needs?
Where is this product manufactured?
My dog seems to be measure girth for a large (32 inches), but an XL for weight....which size should we buy?
Has anyone used this on a male dog? Does the waste band interfere with his parts? Other jackets we've tried annoy him. Thanks.
Think it would work for an extra stocky bulldog mix? Her unique body type has required me to custom design her cold weather coat.
Is this yellow or orange? Item says orange picture looks yellow.
Will the XL fit my 150 # Newfoundland?
Are they more sturdy now? In a comparison, they were found to have sticking tear out when picking up larger dogs.
what size Kyjen Dog Life Jacket would fit an 17 pound dachshund he has a deep chest/girth.
what size works well for toy poodles? Around 1year and a half old.
What size works well for boston terriers?
what size for my dog that has a 22" girthand weighs 18 lbs
what size to buy for a 12lb shitzu. Her girth measures almost 17
There are two size charts with completely different measurements. Which one is accurate?
I have a maltese shitzu. I bought the xx small and it actually fits around her but no way to go around the neck. Any suggestion?
I have toy poodles and I usually buy the clothing from petsmart its a medium. Does any suggest I purchase the medium in this or small?
What size works for Yorkshire Terrier 7.6 Pounds?
how many inches across and how many inches high is the small bowl?
So if I fill the 24oz bowl, approximately how long will the water hold before it leaks out?
how many ounzes of water will it comfortable hold
How much does it weigh?
What is the best way to clean after use?
I have dog who is 56 lbs. and has a girth size of 27 in. what size do I use?
I got a 33lb mutt who has a bit of a longer body (18 inches in length) and 24 inches in girth...medium seems perfect or should i go for a large?
what size for a 40# lab mix
Hi, I have a chihuahua pom mix whose has an 18 inch chest and weighs 14 pounds, he seems to never fit in smalls, do you think that I should size up?
My sister's dog, 37#, haven't measured yet had spinal surgery. She is to swim in hopes of regaining function. Will this vest support her hindquarters?
What size for a 60lb lab?
I have a 13 lb cairn terrier with a girth of 18 inches. which size do you recommend?
My dog is about 19lbs. From neck to tail he is about 19in and girth around the largest part of his belly is about 23in. What size should I get?
Fit for deep chested German Shepherds? Does this allow a comfortable freedom of movement fit?
I have a small french bulldog, girth is around 18-19 but he is hefty and has a different shape then most dogs.. what size do you recommend? 17lbs.
Do you think the small would be ok for a 17 inch chest dog but only 12 pounds? He's small and skinny.There will only be a little weight in the packs.
I don't see a leash connection. Do you still have to use a collar or harness with this? Might be a deal killer.
What size does a 25 lb dog need?
My dog is German shepherd Male, 1year 3months old and 70lb. What size should I get L or XL?
My Doberman is 83 lbs - should I get L or XL? Sounds like the packs run big...
My french mastiff is 125 lbs - she doesn't meet the weight requirement for an XL but the body dimensions seem to fit. Would this be too small for her?
Does this backpack attach to a leash?
sizing
What size waists does this fit?
How large is the 'large' pouch? Will it be large enough for a smart phone? Will the smart phone slide in without a lot of effort?
Do you have to buy an additional leash to walk two dogs? If so, where do you get a dual clasp leash?
How long is the leash?
Does it come with one or two leashed? If only one, how do I get another leash for my second dog to attach? Do they sell them in stores?
Will the iphone 6 PLUS fit in this?
So is this meant for dogs or people? It does say Hipster Leash. You've seen 'Hipter on a Leash" right?
Does this accommodate 1 or 2 water bottles?
Hello! Do you sell the leash with the dual clips separately? My dog chewed the last one apart.
Can I attach my own leash to use instead of the one it comes with?
what size do I order for my poodle? 8 lbs, chest circumference 15 inches, length from neck to tail 11 inches. Thanks
What size for mature normal sized Boston terriers?
What is the appropriate Size for a Chihuahua?
a lot of people say this front pack runs small. I have a 6-7 pound chihuahua. should i get the small or the medium?
what size do you recommend for a 5 pound dog?
Is this back pack airline approved ?
Can it be carried on the back like backpack, instead of front?
Can you use it in the car? Will it hang on the seat so the dog can see out. I have a 4# chihuahua.
What are the inside dimensions? How deep is it?
What are the dimensions of the bag?
Would this work for my 4.5 lb Cornish Rex 18 year old cat?
What is the zippered area for on the bottom front?
Any way this will work for my up to 14 lb dachshund? I need something for longer hikes.
is the bottom padded
can you use this as a backpack?
I have an approximately 12 lb. rat terrier. She has short legs and a stubby tail. Will she fit comfortably in this?
Will my two Chi weenies fit in a medium. Combined weight is 5lbs. Does the top zip up? Im worried about them falling out the top.
Would it work to get a medium for a 4# dog to give it extra room?
Has anyone had any luck using this for a cat? I'd plan to attach his harness to the clip on the inside.
The image shown here is different than the product (PIG00-10777) shown on the manufacturer's site... Is this the same product??
Can an extra color be bought? Where would I buy one?
Does this system actually come with 18 gauge wire?
Is the surge protection the same as lightening protection?
I see some people have not received the whole package, I am reluctant to buy. this includes the whole package correct? Surge protecter?,
Just confirming, does this still come with the surge protector?
Does this model have the Progressive Correction (the receiver will automatically increase the correction level until he returns) like the one at PETCO
Does it still come with everything shown in the picture now? I did see u said u upgraded the system and that it also comes with a surge protector..
What is the suggested weight of the dog for this item?
Anyone know how many acres this will cover total?
Does anyone know how many nuggets there are in 14 oz bag ? Thanks !
Those with larger size dogs how long does a 28oz bag last? My dog is 65lbs I'm trying to get an idea of what to expect.
does the lamb food have a smell
HOW DOES IS SMELL
What is the expiry date of this batch of Primal freeze dried dog food?
are these free range animals -- lamb or chicken or beef?
What is the exact color?
what does the marking say?
Hi, are these original?
Tiny Yorkie-Poodle is old (11-years) &amp; bites the groomer. Is it okay for old dogs.
My dog is freaked out how long does that last?
Does anyone know how many sprays there are in this 1 ounce can? (Or approximately how many?)
Could this be used on aggressive dogs while hiking? I need something to protect my 13lb female hiking partner. 4 unteatherd PitBulls last hiking trip.
Does this product work to stop dogs that are agressive to other dogs?
stop that is Non-flammable aerosol? that's mean stop that for dogs product is no gas spray? is it safe in an airplane?
Is this the exact same product as the For Cats version? I ask because the dog version is cheaper...
My dog just got a hold of the can and bit a hole in it. Will he be okay? He pretty much let it all out in his mouth.
I have a little dog that bothers my cat, will this stuff also annoy my cat? He's not doing anything wrong and I don't want to punish him.
We have a 1 1/2 old male Great Pyrenees who has suddenly become aggressive to the older male mixed do you think this product will work?
Our neutered male older cat has bitten 2 of our other cats, usually on body, has cost us $2000.00 for both the bites, will this stop him from biting?
Our cat just passed away and my husband thinks it had something to do with the collar. She was 11. Has anyone else had a problem?
The collar had a flaky white powdery substance flaking off the collar when it arrived. I assume this is not normal. Is this item defective?
Can the collar be taken off during the day and still be effective? I only need it for excessive meowing at night.
Is this a snap away type collar?
Has anyone had a cat who chewed on the collar and the collar did not release
Are these collars made in the USA?
My cat was marking everywhere. I put one of these on and she stopped for 2 weeks but now started again today. Has it already lost it's effectiveness?
Has anyone used this collar as a way to calm the cat down for bedtime?
What about glow in the dark paint? Would that be cheaper? Just paint real rocks with the glow paint?
how long did this product last per your use? I assume the coating will be gone after some time.
What color are these when they are not glowing? Picture I clicked through on amazon looks white?
would i be able to put these into a fishtank?
how big are the stones?
How long will the glow last in one night?
can i use them in an aquarium? do they sink or float?
Does anyone think and/or experience a Chihuahua could get over the top and jump out of the pen since the pen height is only 26.5"? Thanks!
Is there a door for people to walk through
I am concerned about whether or not the gate is sturdy enough to be used in an L shaped configuration. I need to cordon off a path in the garage, keeping the dogs away from the external doors
How does the gate work?
Can you purchase an additional panel? In the description it says each panel is 30 inches and in the responses it says 26.25 inches?
how can i remove panels?
Can the size of the play pen be adjusted?
What is the total width?
What is the size of the gate?
How can it stand on its own. I want it to be straight, how it can it be without any brackets?
My dog is about 90 lbs. will this collar produce an appropriate level of correction?
Can you loop it more than once to maybe make it work different places.
Does the 229.90 include the following? 1. One Rechargeable Collar - the PetSafe UltraSmart PIG00-13619 collar charges in about an hour and features a
Will a metal chain link fence interfere with this?
is the collar have battires or is it rechargeable ?
do you have to dig it into the ground? or could you attach to an existing fence
what model unit is this?
what model unit is this?
i have 2 English Mastiffs over 180 lbs and coller size are 26 and 25" still growing. Will this system work on large breeds and is there collers to fit
How many collars does it come with &amp; does it work in the winter time?
is the loop adjustable? Does anyone have a large breed dog that this tether works well for? Want to make sure he can turn around, etc.
is this the harness and tether or just tether?
The description says it's either 45 in or 53 in. How long is it actually from end to end?
It would help to state sizes and weights of dogs that the harness will fit.
Our dog is 67 pound labordoodle. He usually goes right to sleep in the truck. I take him everywhere. How easy is the harness to put on and off?
Tell me about the colour you just have.
Do I need to specify size?
How big is your dog? Thanks George
Is the clasp/loop/clip whatever made of metal or plastic?
What are the dimensions of this item?
If I do not want to keep the food in the bag and then put it in this container...is it OK to simply pour the food directly into the container? Thanks
Is the lid (the part for scooping) easy to open and snap shut? I need this needs to work for weak, arthritic hands and fingers.
I buy a 33 pound bag of dog food. Will this bag fully fit in this container?
Has anyone tested it to be waterproof? Are there locks on both lids? Someone said the lid popped open and food spilled while she was dispensing.
How can I get the wheels to lock in when I don't have a rubber mallet? Tried putting my hand in a shoe and smashing it down, but that didn't work.
i ordered this for the 50 lb bag of dog food...is it big enough? I had purchased one from same club years ago and i loved it. just checking size
what are the dimensions of this item??
so it does or does not come with gravel, etc
Does this tank come with a filter?
What type of fish can go into this tank and how many (obviously just one Beta)? Thanks!
Will this bowl work well with fancy guppies or glofish? how many of either one?
Does the lid screw on or snap on? Which direction do we turn to take it off? Our fish needs cleaning. We don't remember and don't want to break it.
How wide is it (at the opening)? --thanks
Does the dent in the lid go all the way through so a cat could stick its paw in the water? Does the lid attach tightly so a cat can't get it off?
where can I get the replacement bulb for the above fish bowl?
Does this plug in or is it battery operated ?
Is the filter called a mini might?
Hi My hooded light will not switch off it is really dim and flickers, the colors work fine can you replace the hood?
How many packets of GloFish Aquarium Gravel, 5-Pound should I buy to cover the bottom of the tank?
where do you purchase replacement lights for this tank?
My daughter has 3 hermit crabs, will this work. I may need to buy a heater but is this enough space? Can it be cleaned easy?
Hi, sorry but I didn't seem is it glass fish tank? Or not....Thx!
What is the warranty on this tank? Mine now has a leak - was purchased on 3/16/14.
My filter no longer works. Is there any kind of warranty on that?
Can you buy replacement hoods for this tank? I've had mine since March and the light no longer works. I don't see where you can replace the light.
Whats the difference between this and the Aquarius Aq 15005 5 rounded tank?
I need to replace the filter. Where can I get that?
Is the pump quiet on this tank? My tank will be in a bedroom and it needs to be quiet.
Is the filter separate from the aquarium? In other words, could I change out the filter with a different filter than the one that comes in the kit?
is the filter ok for betta fish? who don't like the water to move much
This tank seems similar to the Aquarius aq25000g Glofish 2.5 galllon corner tank. Is it the same thing?
Is the LED lighting on this tank sufficient for low light plants?
what type of heater fits in unit ?
What other kinds of fish besides betas can I have in it?
is there a way of ordering replacement light bulbs on Amazon for this?
Is it battery operated or a power cord?
What size heater is typically used for this tank? I need one that is self regulating as we have a set-back thermostat. Style or brand suggestions?
I've never had a "under gravel filter". How are the filters changed? Is there a need for a full water change each time?
How tall is this aquarium with hood?
Does this aquarium include a divider to put down the middle so I can keep two male Bettas separated?
Can real plants grow in this tank?
I hope this is the simplest (or dumbest) question that can be asked, but here goes. If this fits a 42" x 28" crate, why is it 41" x 27" (one inch smaller on each dimension)? Is it to allow you to put this into and out of the crate, or is it that the...
I wondered who the manufacturer of this bed was......I purchased one similar and it was not waterproof as stated. I wanted to make sure it wasn't the same company
Do you have just the zippered cover available for purchase?
Dimensions
What is the height of the pen?
can this be used to keep pet in when the owners arent home
Are there any water resistant floor covers to go with this?
Does this playpen have a door? I can't see one in the pic.
Does this pen have a cover to put on top of it? My nine week old puppy (Westie) climbs up it and gets out.
If you buy 2, can you put them together?
Pet pen panels came today. Has 2 packs of screws and no directions. Anyone have an answer?
Does it come with the food dish and bed?
does this fold flat?
im looking for a pen to keep my 2 yorkies in while i am at work. one is 4lbs the other is 5lbs. im wanting to place a pee pad in there, some toys,water bowl, and some type of bedding. will the 8 panel be big enough?
Could rabbits chew through the material?
How do you secure the door? Are there clasps that should have been included?
Does anyone know how wide each panel is? Thanks.
Could I buy two of these and put them together to make one big pen?
Are stakes included to help secure this product when used outdoors?
What are the dimensions of the door?
Does this have a roof available for purchase?
I have a injured dog who must be kept restricted but hates crates. This might "feel" better? Can this be used inside &amp; be stable. My dog is 60 pounds.
Would this be good for a litter of English Mastiff pups? They are even big at birth. Would like to use instead of massive whelping box 1st few months.
Exactly how tall are the sections?
I have a small area in between my bed and my door. It is around 35",can it fit this if it was a square?
Can this be put away for storage easily? Hoping to use it as an outdoor play area for a bunny but don't want to leave it up all the time.
Can you remove one of the panels so you can back it up to a window with a doggie door. Will it be fairly stable without the back panel?
Would this be ok for a rabbit? Or is it made of a soft plastic a rabbit could chew through?
I have a chicken coop, but looking for something, I could move around the yard. Would this work for 6 chickens? Would this work for a few hours a day
Does this pen change into a rectangle?
does this pen fold up or do you have to take it apart and reassemble it when you go someplace with it? thanks
If my puppy (8wk old rottweiler ~ 20lbs) were to jump up on the side do you think it will tip the whole thing over? Thanks!
Answers to "What size cans does it fit?" given in OUNCES don't help me: can-DIAMETERS are what I need to know! I can't find any 3.75" lids.
What size cans does it fit?
Will this fit Sheba 2.5", 3 oz cat food cans?
Anyone have trouble getting these covers to fit? I can't jam them onto our dog food nor our cat food cans!
How frustrating i just bought these and then was at my local grocery and found the same thing for a buck. Why are they so pricey ?
Does anyone know if the plastic is BPA free?
Anyone try these on a Merrick 13.2 oz can?
Does anybody have experience with these fitting small Iams wet food cans?
Does one of the multiple size rings fit a fancy feast can?
Would these fit Fussie Cat cat food, I've wasted so much money on lids for Fussie Cat.
If I bought the 16" light, would I be able to adjust the feet to fit my 14" tank?
would an18" fit a 20" 10g tank?
would an18" fit a 20" 10g tank?
Is 18 inch fits for 10 gallon tank?
watts
I have two large rabbits, about 8 lbs each, would this be spacious enough for my bun's to play, sleep, they love to hide in enclosed spaces.
Is there a top?
How spacious is this for two guinea pigs? I need to provide them with large, safe exercise space out of their cages. Thanks!
Need to travel across country with two small cats, would the cats have room for small litter box, food and sleeping area?
My 2 cats just crouch in the pen and watch birds on the deck. Is this bit enuff? Medium is too big. Thanks for your answers.
Does this have a built-in bottom that is soft? Ir is it just the thin fabric?
how easy is it to clean?
getting a pit bull puppy who will be medium sized when full grown (mom is about 45 lbs and dad is 60 lbs). Should we get a medium sized or small?
Will a german shepard fit in here comfortably?
I have a morkie. We are going to the beach. Would this be a good confinement area for her on the beach. She is not able to run loose on the beach.
My dog loves to catch slightly deflated soccer balls in her mouth mid air. Does this ball have enough give or grooves to be caught mid air?
Does it float?
Is this good for chewers?
What size dog would this be suitable for? One of my dogs weighs about 17kg and the other weighs about 30kg?
Is this to big for my 30 lb poodle?
My search was for cat toys. Why is Amazon listing this as a cat toy?
my dog loves to run with the ball in her mouth, is the ball heavy that she wont be abke to do that? I bought a kong ball ant ite for her
my dog loves to run with the ball in her mouth, is the ball heavy that she wont be abke to? I bought a kong ball that is tough but too heavy...
my dog loves to run with the ball in her mouth, is the ball heavy that she wont be abke to do that? I bought a kong ball ant ite for her
Why are there so many 5 star reviews for something that doesn't last longer than a week?
Can you use this clipper to do the dogs whole body
Do these clippers come with an instructional DVD?
I like to give my cat a lions cut every spring. Is this a goo produt for this?
Will these clippers cut a Shih Tzu fine hair?
I have a larger labrador mix with very thick fur. Does this clipper hold up well against thick or coarse coats?
the light on my charging unit blinks all the time while charging never stops is this normal and they don't hold a charge anymore than 10 minutes now
batteries will no longer hold a charge do I need new batteries already??
Can I use other snap on combs with this?
how long does battery take to recharge
How well does this clip a persian cat?
What is the model #?
for what size of dog?
is it water proof???
What is the length that the product works. 100 feet, 500feet??
What is the model #?
for what size of dog?
is it water proof???
What is the length that the product works. 100 feet, 500feet??
can I buy it for my chinchilla?
Does this wheel work for chinchillas?
Would this work for a small dog (chihuahua)? I have a VERY active chihuahua who needs a way to exercise at home. She's the size of a cat. Thanks!
will this work for cats?
Can it be mounted inside the cage without the stand?
How can i replace the middle part? My rat chewed through the entire center. He has tons of other stuff to chew on and not in cage all the time. :(
it looks like they will be running over little holes....what it the chance that their little nails will be caught?
where can I get the sandy paper nail trimmer for this particular wheel?
Would this be good fore a chinchilla?
Has anybody tried this with chinchillas? I am just concerned about their toes getting caught in the mesh as they run.
How many calories are in a 22 ounce can?
Hi in the description it says 22 ounce does that mean there is 22 ounces in the can and 24 cans in the pack?
what is the expiry date of cans
Does this holder fold into an "L" shape for dogs that are accustomed to lifting their leg to pee?
Does it not come a bit Larger
I just adopted a senior Beagle, weighs about 25 pounds. Is this product too small for her? thanks
I have a 5 lb dog and want to give him more space to potty on the pad. Would this be a good product for this particular need? Thanks!
Will it help with pooping?
I bought a diff. puppy pad holder, but my pup claws at the pad in it until the pad is shredded to pieces! Does this holder prevent shredding?
Will this holder fit the Simple Solution Original pads because the size for this is 21 by 21 inches and the pads are 23 by 24 inches?
Why won't my dog pee on the pad once I started putting the pad on this Pad Holder? D:
Will this work with your reusable Simple Solution training pads?
Does the tray lay flat on the ground or is there a slight lift? Pup uses pad in walk in shower. Looking to let tile dry up under holder after showers.
What is the maximum number of chickens in this size coop?
Where can you get missing parts
Where was this made? I see the dimensions are all metric.
Would this be good for 2 netherland dwarf rabbit s?
There's a few comments about the wood being soft in reviews. Can anyone who has had this coop for a couple years comment on how well it's holding up?
Where can I place a heating lamp in the coop?
Should I stain the wood to better protect it from the outside elements or does it hold up well in weather?
Will this coop be warm enough for Wisconsin winters?Just can't decide if we should build an insulated coop or if this will do?
what is the measurements where the chicken sleep were the tray come out?
how many new born chick can it hold ?
Can this fold up? I noticed another Trixie run that folded up, but is too large.
What are the dimensions of the door opening?
Can this be easily attached to coop that is not a trixie product?
Does this provide enough protection from cats. Is the wire mesh strong enough to keep out a cat?
How many chickens fit inside the run?
what size are the openings in the mesh? Could I use this for an indoor hamster playpen to protect him from cats or would he get his head stuck in it?
what are the dimensions of the run?
would this be good for two call ducks
is this about 3 ft wide?
I would like to put my cats in it. Do all the access doors/panels have latches or locks?
Why does the Yummy Berry Blend change into the picture of Tasty Greens blend when clicked? Do you not sell the berry blend anymore?
is this an "all stages treat? can i use it for my 4 month old puppy?
Are these training treat size? The size seems to vary in each of the photos.
My min pin is on a diet and I was wondering how many calories per treat these are
Where are they created?
What is the percentage of protein?
Is the gelatin ingredient animal or plant based ?
Does this include 1 or 2 foam filters? The picture shows 2 but I don't see it states on the page
Does this fit the Pagoda fountain?
I though t this was packing. Where do you put the filter?
How often do you need to change these pre-filters for the stainless steel 360 fountain?
Do these fit the Drinkwell Avalon fountain, which has both a foam filter that looks like this &amp; a charcoal filter?
I'm looking for the foam filters that fit the lotus ceramic tiered fountain by Drinkwell. Will these fit, or are they specific to the stainless steel
On average, how often do these filters need to be replaced?
It states that it is 8.88 + free shipping, but in my cart, you add shipping, why?
Do these fit the pagado fountain?
What is the difference between the Litter Genie and the Litter Genie Plus?
how does litter genie work?
Does it come with bags or do it need to buy the refills with the container?
Can Littler genie plus refills be used in Litter Genie model?
Replacing refills is difficult. We got the top open but now cannot close it. What is the procedure?
Does this come with a refill or starter bag pack?
Does this Litter Genie come with a refill with it?
does it come with the first refill inside or is it just the pail and I have to buy the refills seperately?
How does this compare to the litter locker--any comments?
Does this Litter Genie come with the scoop and the scoop holder?
I have a 24" planted tank. Should I get this size 18"-24" or the next size, 24"-36"? Thanks!
Does the timer include a dimmer function to mimic the gradual lighting of dawn and sunset when turning the light on/off?
i have a 29 gallon hexagon tank by marineland it is approx 24 inches deep i want to add live plants can the aquatic plant led lighting syst 18-24 work
Does it work on frameless tanks? Thanks.
How high above the glass does it sit?
Where is it made in? China? USA?
Is this the same item as the Reef Capable LED or what is it? I cant find it on Marinelands website...
as it sets on tank how high is it to the top from the glass top of my tank? Im useing a wood canopy over tank so cats wont get to lights
We lose power too often.. can anybody recommend a battery-backed UPC for this light to keep the light-programming alive?
I have a 150 gal that is 28" deep. Will this LED penetrate that deep for a planted aquarium? Or should I use a T5 lighted system?
is this a 48 or a 60 inch lamp ? my aquarium is 77 inch long.... thank you very much for your assistance,
the pump stopped and I need a replacement pump, where can I purchase
How do you take it apart to clean it?
where can I get replacement filters
I purchased one today. The water does not stream down from the hole near the lid. It aierates but the fountain is not working?
Is this harness easy to apply to the dog, or does a person need an engineering degree and a perfectly still dog to put it on?
Can you use just the front ring, and not the one on the dog's back? Or would that make the back strap too loose because of the martingale loop?
Can the chest leash connector be moved to the side (ie shoulder)? I've seen Freedom walkers that seem to be set up this way but how?
The no-pull harness I currently use (front clip) rotates when my dog pulls. Do any of you have the same issue with this harness?
Is this chew proof? I tried a harness with my dog before and she chewed it to pieces.
Does this harness chaff behind the dog's armpit? My poor pup had sores from a harness with similar design.
We have a severely nervous dog and are afraid of loosing her with typical harness. Will this stop a dog from backing out of the harness?
I have the harness, where might I get the associated leash?
sizing information
gentle leader reviews
ARE REPLACEMENT WHEELS AVAILABLE
Do the handles have a small manual lever like lock on each side so I could lock the extended handle manually and it would stay opened ?
I have a 20 lb dog. Does your product have a weight limit?
Would this be good for my 9.5 lb. temperamental Persian cat? He becomes frihtened Would his claws come through the net if he tried to swat at someone?
Would there be enough room for two small puppies, chihuahuas. I have one that's 4-5 lbs and one 2-3 lbs (both under the age of 6 months)
Which airline have you used this carrier on and fit it under the seat in front?? I plan on bringing my pug on a JetBlue flight. Thank you!
How much does the pack weigh?
I would like to know what are the dimensions INSIDE the carrier to know what space my cat will have to lay down.
How do I attach the bottom part that's inside when I opened the carrier. What is the double metal bar that was also inside the carrier when I opened
What is the length, width and height with the handle down?
Does the shaft come with the black rubber cap on the end?
I've owned my Fluval 306 for about 2 years now and am having a first time ever of low flow rate problem. Might it need a motor head tune up?
Will this kit work with a Fluval 406 purchased in early 2010? The new diaphragm design is slightly different from mine.
the product description says "406" maintenance kit. i have the fluval 306, the impeller cover says 306-406. do all the parts fit the 306?
what is the max weight limit?
dimensions please
what are the dimensions of the beds inside pad? the large was 19'' long and I was hoping for one a little bigger, but not too much.
What size is the cushion that comes with the XL bed? When the cushion wears out, do you sell replacements?
Are thier sizes to accomodate small n large dogs?
I want to know whether the bailey chair for dogs is adjustable
Shame on your PRICE!! Ridiculous! Making money of off a serious illness! People can't Afford this! Whats wrong with you...?? Doing Rescues is very $$$$ Can't you make a quality product thats far more affordable???
Are these center pull bags?
Do these bags feel silky and crinkly or are they the cheap stretchy plastic type
How thick are the bags?
will these work in dogipot brand waste station?
How wide is the roll?
What is the material thickness?
What is the length and diameter of a roll of these bags?
Do these fit in the standard bone shaped dispensers? Bought from you before and the rolls were too large to fit, had to use several before it fit.
do they have a "handle tie" at the top, or are they straight across the top?
biodegradable?
will a small female labrador be able to use it?
he is house broken the question will he adapt to this inside potty patch
Is there a replacement grass?
does the grass ever need replacing?
does it collect solid waste?
will a male German Shepard who is 135 pounds be able to use this product?
can i get extra grass pad for my potty?
Will male dogs be able to use this product?
will my dog adapt to this outside after he is house broken to go outside potty patch
Are they biodegradable?
Can you see through the blue-colored bags?
Do these bags have a straight perforation or are they curved where you cut them off the roll? Thanks
Do these bags pull from the bottom or the middle of the roll?
will the rolls fit my "bags on board" lease dispenser?
Are they good for large dogs that have large poops?
where can i buy the dispenser for these bags? it didn't come with the box of 1000 and I can't find it online
How thick is this bag in mic?
What is the most efficient number of boxes of these to order, so they come in one single larger box?
Will these bags dispense from the centre of the roll? The bags i use have a wee tab in the centre that pulls thru the end of the dispenser.
Can you build it with the house on the left side, and the run on the right? Or can it only be set up as pictured?
Does the hutch have a wire floor? In other words can u remove the tray and have the droppings fall to the ground?
what is the width and the length?
is this product water resistant?
How is this any better than the Advantek The White Picket Fence Rabbit Hutch in Auburn &amp; White?
Is there a door you can close between the inside area and run?
Is there a strong chemical smell on this hutch if so will it harm my bunny?
does it have a nesting box?
If I used this hutch indoors, what could I place on the bottom to protect the floors and hold bedding?
Well, mine arrived today with no directions and no hardware (screws or any other type of fasteners). Did anyone else come across this?
Does anyone know the dimensions of the house and the yard? Thank you
I have a 7 year old large California rabbit ..I'm curious of how big of a rabbit this is made for ? also curious if it can be used indoors ? Thanks(:
can it house chickens? there is no nesting box
What is the measurement of thee opening of the hutch? We have silkie chickens and want to make sure they fit.
Would a French Lop fit in this?
I have three Pekin ducks. Would this be suitable for them?
In this units interior, what kind of flooring is provided?
I have two rabbits a dwarf (about 3 lbs) and a mix breed (about 10 lbs), is this big enough for the two of them?
Which direction does the tray pull out? the sides?? left or right or 0ut the back?? also, is there just one window, on just the one side?? tx!
can a flemmish giant be housed in this
How many pads per package, please?
hi, I would like to know if it fits perfectly my litter box: http://www.amazon.com/Petmate-Hooded-...
how good is it at deodorizing? I bought natural sand with no baking soda and it smells badly
Too few reviews talk on the absorbency of these pads. How well do they absorb and help against strong urine smells? My male cat ruins litter rapidly.
what is the length, width, height of these liners?
How many pads are in a box and their size?
Can someone please tell me what the dimensions really are? Length, width, height at back, and height at opening? Thanks
What is the height of the entrance opening?
What are the actual dimensions? I have a large cat.
sine the enternce is much lower than other standard boxes, what prevents the cat from kicking litter out the front?
Can you use this with a small yorkshire male dog?
How wide is this box?
Does it fit inside of a standard tall kitchen bag to contain dust when changing litter (Feline Pine)?
Dimensions: Is it really 18.5 inches in height?
Does anyone know the height on the lower front opening?
Does the black color show scratches more easily than lighter colors?
how does the crystal size compare to other brands. my cat does not use larger crystals use but the smaller ones work great.
is this stuff flushable?
How long does the 8# last, how much do you use each time, and about how long before it needs to be changed?
How do you know when the litter is "saturated"?
Where is it made
Does this track badly?
I have been Walmart's Mimi Litter for a while and LOVE it - how does this compare?
Does this crystal litter work for the ScoopFree automatic litter boxes?
Is dangerous if eaten? I have 3 rats and I'm trying to control the smell of their poop. Does it have any added fragance? How does it smell? Thanks.
is this 100% silica? or is it a mixture?
How does this compare to kitty wonderbox? I use that currently but want something with taller sides cause my cat kicks litter like she's a rockette.
Does the litter stick to the box?
How long do they typically last, well cleaned?
Will this fit in a petmate container for air travel with cat?
What are actual L x W x H of 1 pan? I need to make sure it fits inside the carrier using for road trip and that it's also deep enough.
Why does the price of the Nature's Miracle Regular 3-pack say Amazon Prime but when I try to print the page for future reference the copy doesn't say
Do these boxes fit in your average kitchen garbage bag when it's time to throw out and replace? Or are they bigger than that?
Will this work if you put it inside a plastic litter box with a lid?
Nature's MIracle REG sz. listed as 17.1 x 12.6 x 6.4. Is this measured at top edge of the box or the bottom? Same for jumbo size.
How long will this last, assuming the litter is kept clean? Doesn't it start to break down eventually from pee getting on the sides?
Which size plastic litter box did you purchase to place the "nature's miracle Jumbo disposable in?
My cats like to pee around the sides of the litter box, how do these hold up to a little urine?
Is this 2 boxes. Or two 2-packs for a total of 4?
Does anyone know if it's normal for this size of box to have cracks inside at the bottom/ sides? The medium version has no cracks. Thx.
What are the dimensions of the disposable litter boxes. only one specifies the measurements?
Do you use liners with these boxes? If so, which size?
What litter is used with these boxes? Do we have to use the Nature's own or can we use other brands?
Will nature's disposable litter box work with wheat litter
According to product description, the boxes are made from recycled materials, but are the boxes themselves recyclable? (without the litter of course!)
Will this stand up on its own if it's not hooked up to the side of a box?
What is the scooper made of? Plastic? Metal? I don't see this in in the description.
Does the Duranimals DuraScoop Cat Litter Scoop fit in this caddy?
Would this hang on a covered litter box?
Does this scoop work well for clay litter? Having trouble finding one that will remove both solids and wet areas.
Is the edge of the scooper flat or jagged?
how wide are the slits?
Does this work on pine pellets, such as Feline Pine litter?
how long and what dose the warranty cover?
For a 37 gal. bow front aquarium that is 36" long, would 1 light do the trick? or will I have dark ends using only 1 unit?
what type of LEDs are used in this fixture
What's the warranty on this unit? The Tao Tronics have a 2 year warranty.
will a current ramp programable timer work with theses light
Can these be used on a tank with a standard glass or plexi cover over the water? i've got some jumpers!
can this unit be placed inside canopy above glass top 4 inch above water and not hurt fish or corals on lowest setting
How do you mount this light. Does it come with a stalk or an option for one?
Can this light be dimmed with automatic dimming features on aquarium controllers like the Neptune aqua controller?
does this light use 110volt
Are these bags biodegradable?
will these rolls fit those bone shaped dispensers that you hang on your belt?
Is it normal for the stench of poop to penetrate the tied up first bag and also a second bag enclosing the first?
Has anyone tried using these for dirty baby diapers? They are cheaper than the ones marked for kids.
Are these flushable?
What is the thickness of the bags?
What is the width of the roll? We have a different dispenser and I want to be sure they won't come out of the opening. Thanks.
Can anyone post pictures of the sides and back of their packaging, I'd like to see what information they say about biodegradability.
Is the opening of the bag big enough to scoop in cat litter waste?
Hello, Any reason why the 18 roll package is not available for international sales?
The titel says Biocube, in the product info it states does not fit a biocube. Does this fit a biocube 29?
What is the wattage of this light.
Will I be able to grow LPS under these?
would i keep these 3 blue lights on 24/7 ?
I have a 28 gal jbj it isn't led lightning the white lights are fine but. The four blue lights in the corners isn't enough ? What can I do
what would you recommend as the ideal set up as far as blue or white LED's? I crrently have 1 blue one and I was thinking 2 more blue and 2 white. TY!
what would you recommend as the ideal set up as far as blue or white LED's?
I have a BioCube 14 will these fit in it?
What is the difference of using this over the white lights?
Has anyone found a place to buy the replacement filters? The instruction manual calls for 12854 - Marina 360 Replacement Filter cartridge, 4-pack.
what is a recommended heating device to keep water warm for bettas?....&amp; also what wattage is recommended and where in tank can it be installed?
What is the voltage for the filter and the light? 110v only or 110-240v?
Can you put any kind of fish in this tank, like 2 or 3 guppies?
Would this tank also work for two african dwarf frogs?
Would the lid be easy for a cat to get off?
Can someone who's managed to use the motor's plus/minus setting for water flow please explain how you did it? Does it have to be plugged in while you try to do it? I just see a slot and I'm poking on the minus side and nothing happens.
Have you found a good way to reduce the outflow. I have put aquarium sponge inside but its still flowing too fast for a betta.
How loud is the filter?
Does the BLUE light setting accentuate "GloFish" coloration effects?
Do you get everything you need to get this pump started out of the box? Do you need to get the filters and bio rings seperate?
The barrelhead (white top) has two holes but one of them is blocked off. Is this how it's supposed to be?
The sucktion tubes are curvd. How do I get them straight?
Does this use a lot of energy?
Can this canister go next to the tank or does it have to go below the tank?
Can anyone tell me how much media I would need for two trays? Thanks
How frequently do you have to change the filter media,is there some that can be rinsed and reused? I currently have a HOB filter, thinkin of switching
Where can you get media from for this pump
Does this filter use a spray bar for the return ?
I had mine a week ago and after my water change earlier, I can hear a little rattling noise. need your thoughts please.
The fat content and the moisture content?
Has anyone's dog lost weight on the Annamaet Grain Free lean reduced fat formula?
What are the calories per cup?
I have 3 parts remaining, a small elbow and a 2" tube and a 4-5" tube w/ a nut type end on it. Where do these go? The instructions are worthless."
How often do you need to clean the canister and change out the carbon and pads?
will it work for my 50 gallon with really dirty turtles can i keep it at the same level as my tank?
Will this handle 18g of water with turtles? I've tried several filters and I'm soooo tired of smelly turtles! It's cheap, what's the catch??
How do you disasemble the unit after use? if you remove the hose connection from the unit, will it shut off the water to the hoses or will it drain?
The description says 4-stage. It only has 3 media trays. So how does this work as a 4 stage?
Not too crazy about putting all my eggs in one basket, is there any way to turn off the UV while cycling the tank. Also is the UV bulb replaceble
Help!! I can't get it to prime. I can't seem to find any type of instructions or videos. Please help. And please dumb it down for me. Thank you!
In what order are the various filtration media supposed to be placed in the 3 media trays? (filter pad, bio balls, bio rings, carbon, ammonia remover
Having trouble priming. Followed the suggestions here. Is the bar with all of the holes the "out" just to verify. FRUSTRATING!
Does all necessary filter media come with this purchase? If not, what else needs to be purchased?
Has button or way to turn off the UV lamp and the filter to keep it running?
Is the spray bar supposed to sit flush against the glass? Mine is at an angle because of the connector from the hose pushes one end out and the suction cup can't reach the glass. Am I doing something wrong?
All the filter media is also for Aquatop filters. This is just a spin off of the Aquatop Filters? I have had Heinously bad luck with Aquatop product
Just set one of these up and having an issue with it sucking air somewhere on the intake and getting bubbles coming out the outflow...why???
Does this canister filter have to be place a certain distance below the water level? The distance from the floor to top water level of my tank is about 18-20 inches.
It is running quietly but not pulling in any water. Blue button is not doing anything either. What could be the problem
how many watts is the pump motor?
Is it easy to set up ? I plan on using this for my 55g turtle tank. Is there any leaks with this filter? I currently have a marineland and its leaking
what size Hose Clamp can i used in those outlet and inlet ?? in case i dont trust those black tight thing lol.
WHY CAN'T THIS BE ON A 'SUBSCRIBE' TO PRODUCT BASIS?
Is this product GMO free?
does this brand have any chicken free ,grain free,dye free products,and thanks for answering my question
is there any chicken, or chicken meal or chicken fat in this food?
How does it compare to blue buffalo wilderness?
Ingredient analysis: % protein, fat, etc.
What is the size of the kibble?
How many cups are in a 25lb bag?
Can this be softened up with a little water?
Where is this made
I had been using NB Duck &amp; Potato at $56.99. Just transferred my dogs to this food at $44.99. Now Amazon decides the raise the price to $56.49. Why??
How does it come packaged? I'm worried about receiving a damaged bag.
What is the nutrient breakdown of this food (i.e. crude protein, crude fat, fiber, etc.?) Thank you for sharing.
The picture shows 4lbs but the description says 25lb. Can you confirm that the bag as shipped will weigh at least 25 lbs?
Which shipping service is used? I'm hoping UPS because FedEx has damaged the last 3 of my packages
Roughly how many cups of food are in this bag?
how can i tell what the expiration date is? I have a small dog and this bag might last a long time for her?
Why is this taking so long to ship now? I had to cancel my order because the shipping was 2 months!
Please tell me why I can not order this item. I have ordered before &amp; PR is part of the USA. Really interested
I would like to get a 10 lb bag merrick
How many cups in a 25 lb bag? So I can calculate how long it lasts...?
how much would be 35lb dog eat. She's a 1 year old Pitbull-Boston Terrier Mix. i believe she is done growing. The website says 2 cups.
I ordered this item and was told it was "small bites" for small dogs. Is that true?
is this the same product as "Before Grain Chicken"
What kind of experation date is on the typical bag? I ask because it won't do me much good to buy a bag today (12/30/2013) if it expires in Feb 2014
Why the hefty price increase? It was about $45, then $50. and now $54. It's cheaper to go to the pet store now.
How can you reduce the filter power? Mine causes A LOT of water movement on the surface, probably too much for a betta or frog bit.
Is this aquarium good for live plants? If so, do I need to add CO2? I'd prefer not to. Also, what are the best plants to put in this tank?
what foam filter do you use as a replacement
Where did you put the heater and what kind of heater should I get? Thanks :-)
Ok, filtration question. I read that every 3 months you are to replace 1/2 of the white biomass tubes. how often do you change the carbon? Sue
how do you adjust the water flow? the directions only talk about set up. And is the only way to shut off the lights to unplug the unit? thank you! sue
I bought two Fluval Spec V recently, none of them has switch on LED light for changing between ON/OFF/White/Blue. Did Fluval remove it?
Is it normal that my foam block floats up about 1/2 inch or so from its base when filled with water?
Is it possible to put an air stone in the tank and not smashing the tubing under the lid?
Other than a heater, anything else I need to buy? Equipment wise? (I know I need rocks, plants, fish =]) thanks! Sue
Can I use an air pump that is stronger than the 10-20 gallon size with this sponge filter?
where is the airline input or out put and /or can you attach a power head to it?
Would 2-4 of these be recommended for a 55 gal aquarium...or some else?
Would this be too much for a 1 gallon tank?
does the tube in the sponge filter needs to reach to the top of the water level? Thnaks,Ed.
Could i hook this to a Aqueon 55/75 hangover back filter ?
Is this ok for a 29 gal tank for Fry?
could i use one on a 10 gallon tank?
I,ve had RCS for over a year, but no babies,why. I would really like any feed back any one could give me. I,ve never even seen one baby.
How big do these grow? I'm looking for something small to be the main attraction in a 5 gallon tank.
why did my sakura shrimp die just before giving birth?
I would love to get these for my 120 gallon planted tank, would my clown loaches make it a non-starter?
What will they get along with? I have a couple comet gold fish in a 55 gallon tank, want to add a single 3" koi for a ltitle while, will it be okay?
How are these shrimp packaged for shipping in the winter?
Do you think these guys can handle a brackish tank?
Should these be kept in a tank separate from other shrimp? What about a docile betta fish?
I have experience with ghost shrimp so far. How hard it take care for Sakura ones?
How often do these guys breed? And how many offspring could I expect from one brood? (Just to keep that in mind with tank space)
What is the best size for a german shepard puppy?
So this bone is round 10 inches long? I have a 98 pound German Shepherd, her 4 inch is a little small:)
Is there any beef in either bone? My dog is allergic.
where is it made?
Do these stain carpets?
Do they lose their flavor after awhile? If so, how can you regain it?
Are these durable for dogs that love to chew? My doxie/beagle mix has destroyed 2 of the 3 nylabones he has, but I haven't tried these yet.
Are they made in the USA?
I just ordered 2 &amp; the treat stick in both of them would not "click" in...
Is it USA made?
does this work for a german shepherd?
It doesn't come with any instructions and my fish are dying! I need to know if I even hooked it up right or if I didn't do something I should have.
do you have to do a water change if you use the jup-01 ?
Anybody have any luck with this unit in an outdoor pond? I have a small turtle pond (50 gal or so) and the algae is out of control. I have a large UV sterilizer (non-submersible) for my larger pond (400 gal) that works great. Thanks.
should you run jup-01 24hrs a day?
What's the difference between this and the 13w?
can you adjust the flow rate on this model?
Hello all, I was wondering if you could use this in more than one tank? I have 5-5 gallon tanks. My 55 gl tanks are covered.
can i used it with A tank heater
Is there a 220-240V option available?
The box states 220, is it 110 or 220? the ad I bought this from shows 110,, I am concerned
About how long should it take to heat a 70 degree 5 gallon tank to 78 degrees?
Will this work well for a Fluval Spec V tank? I am specifically looking to install this in the compartment where the return pump is located.
Is it okay to keep the top of the heater out of the water in order to allow the changing of the temp setting controls or does it have to be submerged?
Can this heater be fully submerged?
Would this work for a four gallon or is it to big?
My new cobalt heater is set at 78 degree when plugged in (green LED) But when I touch/push the button on top, the LED does not move, it stays at 78, water temp 68 (yellow LED blinking) stays like this for hours. what went wrong?
I'm getting a 5 gallon Fluval Chi II tank. Will the 25 watt heat my tank to 78-80? I'm afraid a 50 W will be too much...
Set up at 78 for 2 hours in 68 deg. room, in Fluval 5, in pump space. Temp has only gone up two degrees. Is this normal? Seems slow to heat.
Does this heater automatically turn off and on to adjust for the temperature in the water? (Example: Would it turn off if the water gets too warm?)
I can't change the set temp, it's 78 (green LED) when plugged in, but the top button is not responsive to touch/puch, what went wrong?
what is the height of this kennel?, I'm confused, thanks.
Are bolts made by metal reuired by airline?
Is this crate air travel compliant?
Where is it made?
How heavy is this crate?
How big is the box it comes in? I need to take it from the USA to Africa and need to know upfront.. thanks
What is the inside diameter of the bottom. i.e. what size pad should I order?
Can de kennel be unarmed? thanks
Is this kennel airline approved?
dimensions and weight of the kennel, please, it is approved by iata? thanks
Is it airline approved?
is this model airline approved and does it come with travel kit re live animal and up arrow stickers
Does the 26'' have a handle? I'm not sure if the bigger kennels have handles as well.
Is the height 16 or 18.5 inches, dimensions not clear as stated
Will these fit the Catit (medium) carrier? I really like the kennel, but hesitate to buy it if I can't get the proper hardware. Thank you.
Will they work on an extra large for flight?
what size will i need for my 25-30 pount petmate sky kennel?
Dumb woman here: which part of the bolt fits into the screw, the larger (knob) part or the skinnier part? It works both ways, but which is the right way? Thanks.
i have a very large dog kennel (80-100lb) size. Are these bolts appropriate for larger kennels?
Will these fit the Petmate Sky Kennel for Pets (70 to 90-Pound)? Note that this is the LARGE kennel. Thanks!
Will these replacement parts fit both my Large Size Kennel, and Medium Size kennel? Thanks, Ariel
How should you set the sensitivity control the first time?
What type of charger does this use? Mine has been lost.
My dog is a 90 lb Husky/Sheppard Mix. Is this going to stop her from barking? I may need to shave her neck.
Hi I have Bulldog of 40 pounds approach, this product will work according to this weight?
My Yorkie has very small necks. Will this collar slide around keeping the contacts off of the vocal cords?
do you think it would work on a noisy goat
do you think it would work on a noisy goat
My Yorkie has very small necks. Will this collar slide around keeping the contacts off of the vocal cords?
Can a cat lay down comfortably while wearing this?
Is it better to go smaller or larger? My cat is 16" in the chest when pretty snug. Will a medium fit?
How far back on the chest do I measure the cat? Right behind his front legs or further back?
my cat is about 8-9lbs and Im considering a medium? her chest is like between a 14-15
What sort of fastening does this have around the chest of the animal?
How low can the water go before the pump starts to make noise because it needs more water?
Does this product come with a filter?
Is the 96 oz. stainless fountain the taller or flatter version in regard to the upper half? Photos look different when compared to others.
How well does the filter trap any hair or food particles that get in the water?
How large is the actual open area of the bowl where my dog will likely want to drink from? It seems like a very small part of the entire fountain.
How close does the waterline stay to the brim/rim of the bowl? The last one I bought spilled tons of water whenever my dog would drink out of it.
Does it work vith 220V?
Is this stainless steel?
I just got my UV, and it didn't come with ANY instructions. Is that how it should be? What's that short transparent tube for?
Hi is this the 2013 model Thanks
Is the flow rate adjustable? What's the lowest and highest flow rate? Thanks.
Hi, I broke my glass quartz tube on the jup-23 13 watt unit. I could not find it anywhere. Where can I buy a seperate glass quartz tube for this unit? Thank you for your help
Do i need to add an airline to the top? Is it required? It also come with a short airline tube, do i need to add that on if i don't add an air pump?
how frequent do i need to change the bulb?
The plastic covering the end of the bulb - should this be removed prior to start up?
I have a 50 gallon tank that holds distilled drinking water. I have an in-line UV filter but use water straight from tank. Would it work here?
What is the voltage rating? 110v? 110-240v?
What is the little black knob-like thing for? It was loose in the box with the little blue elbow thing and the instructions don't mention it at all.
Where is this product made and packaged? (Which country?)
what is the average size of the these large chews (or medium)?
Are the sizes consistant? I have always purchased Virbac CET chews but they are now mostly smaller in bag and my large dogs choke on them.
need to know if they are made in the USA?
My plan for this is to take to the beach for when dogs are resting. I have a 17lb doxie and a 9 lb chi/jack. Good for this purpose
Will this keep in a jumper? My 4 month, 8lb puppy is a big jumper..
Is the bottom zippered?? I ordered one and many adds on here are misleading.. The add states a zippered bottom but they are really Velcro. Any links?
Is this suitable for a smaller 65lb female german shepherd? She's very calm
My plan is to use this everyday instead of a crate when I am at work. My dog is 7 month old Morkie. Will this be safe enough?
The description says it's pink and black, but the photo shows a different style pen and it's brown &amp; cream. Anyone know which is correct?
For two border collies? I want something for them to ride in the car. I fold the seats down &amp; want to protect the car while allowing them to see out.
i dont understand the sizes described below can anyone put it by inches . is Pawhut 46 a 46 inch ??
Are the walls a sturdy material? My new puppy likes to chew and scratch. Can she break through it?
Is this machine washable? Or at least the bottom part? I know it says waterproof and easy to clean, but how do you clean it?
how tall is it?
Will this work for the size of a Standard Poodle?
would this be good for a maltipoo?
How big is the carrying case for this?
Can you leave the bottom out of it for when you have it outside ?
how wide is it across?
would 3 cats (+ a litter box) fit in the playpen? 13, 11 &amp; 9 lb. I need some type of safe cage to keep my 3 cats in while workers work in my house.
What size dog can fit in this? Would this fit a 68lb Belgian Malinois?
Does the netting have a pvc coating on it?
Does this protect the animal from mosquitoes?
I have a question on the top enclosure. How is the mesh semi circle top held on? When on, does it make the entire kennel secure?
Can someone please tell me how to fold this play yard? I don't want to bend the wires and the instructions are useless!!!
Hi. Is 36" size suitable for a puppy Brussels Griffon? He should be 10 or 12lbs when he is full grown.
can i use this in back of a car
Is this too small for a maltipoo?
I have a bigger shitzu that hates cages, he wines and cries and jumps and paws to get out...could this hold him?
How do I clean it? My dog pooped in it over night and it dried on. Bleach didnt work.
Is it really 36 inches. Many of the reviews have said it is as small as 31.5. That concerns me
Does it have loops so that it can be staked outside?
Can a 6 lb doggie tip this over if he tries to stand up and lean into the side? Doesn't say anything aobut the bottom being weighted.
how many days will 2 new batteries run? I sometiems travel for up to 2 weeks at a time?
I set the times for feedings but it doesn't feed. Is there a final setup step to actually get this to start feeding at set times?
is it wide enough to fit over the top frame of the aquarium?
Can I actually program this to feed at specific times of the day or is it like most others where the timer starts as soon as you put batteries in it?
Will this fit on a 3.5 gal fish bowl?
Is it safe to leave your fish tank open while using this product?
how many days of food does this hold ? We have a 10 gallon tank so we just use a big pinch of flake food.
Does someone who didn't give it as a gift, know what the diameter of the bowl is?
What are the dimensions of the 1.5 gallon fish bowl?
Would this be okay to put a small heating element in? I'm only wondering if the plastic would melt.
I just got a used astronaut suit for my 7-year-old (small for his age) for Halloween.Would this be a good "helmet" prop for him to carry?
Is the bottom of the bowl smooth, or is that an obstruction I see bottom center? Thanks.
Does someone who didn't give it as a gift, know what the diameter of the bowl is?
What are the dimensions of this 1.5 gallon bowl? I just need to know the diameter of the opening.
What is the diameter of the bowl itself?
is it lightweight?
Can the feed and water cups be moved to a lower position
What cage cover fits this?
Does the door have a separate small door that folds out/down?
Can the cage be used without the stand?
Do the dimensions listed include the seed guard and the stand? What is the actual measurement of the cage with seed guard?
Is the seed guard removable?
Does the door have a separate door that folds out/down?
Which replacement filter cartridge do I buy for this filter system? Also, how often does it need changed?
Is it made of acrylic? Or plastic?
does it come as shown with everything inside?
Our home is very cold...I need a heater with this. Any recommendations? thanks!
Is this tank big enough for a beta, dwarf frog and snail? Def want the beta if the tank is too small one of the others? Have no clue what I am doing!
Sounds like the filter sucks and people have bought the size bigger, used a filter sponge or bought an Azoo Mignon Filter 60. How much is the Azoo, is it any easy swap, and how often does that need replacing? The sponge may be cheaper, but I am a...
Will this tank support live plants?
How would one place a "Banzai Tree" inside said tank?
Tomorrow I am going to get my first fish and don't know where I should store the fish until the tank comes.Don't know the exact time it is coming tom.
Does this come with a heater?
Is this too big for a dwarf hamster?
Did anyone else who bought it find that after a couple weeks their guinea pigs started losing fur and had scabbing from rubbing through the holes?
Is this good for rats? Like is it safe and good size for them to get in/eat?
Where is this tunnel made?
Would it be too small for ferrets??
Is this ok for a Chinchilla?
Would it be big enough for a Red Satin bunny? They are fairly big.
Is this safe for my bunny to chew on?
How do you clean this? I would think it would get soaked with urine and get nasty fast.
is this made in china?
Will it keep the bunnies happy and is it good for the bunnies
Would a 20 lbs Flemish Giant rabbit fit in this hutch comfortably?
We want a small coop for 2 small chickens... Would this work for that? Would we need to adapt it?
would this item be good for 2 hatching hens? I just want to make sure there will be plenty of room!
I was thinking of using this as a temporary house for 4 chicks/pullet until they are big enough to put into the larger coop, would this be big enough?
Can this fit a 10lb dog? is it sturdy? I need a safe space to keep my shih tzu while gardening. Has anyone else used this to house a small doggy?
would this be a good plase for my 3 guinea pigs
Can the outside run be easily removed if you want to put it on a table on the porch at night?
Does the roof hinge open
Is it a good house for the bunnies?
Do you sell the light by itself?
Would this work hanging on the back of a nano cube jbj 28?
I'm setting this up, and i'm wondering if people use the lid with no legs for the light, or no lid with the legs?
Is the light that comes with good enough to grow chaeto? Or is another light needed?
Is the light included the 10" FugeRay or the 12" FugeRay?
Considering this for our dog-friendly vacation rental. What would you suggest I tell our guests re: its use.. would they actually use it?
Do you use this instead of a regular door mat?
Is this doormat good for outdoor as well. I'd like to place it outside of my sliding glass door by the doggie door.
Anyone have any comparison between this and the Soggy Doggy door mat?? Which is better?
Does this door mat stay in place on carpet?
What is the actual size of the mat. It says "large", but what does that mean?
The brown mat in the listing looks like it has some sort of "solid" rubber backing - but the one I just bought here does not. Is it supposed to?
what is the size of the med and large mat?
How do I get my 10month old puppy to stop playing with it and 'bunching' it up? I'd like to keep it nice and flat if there are any ideas out there
any feed back on the runner for this carpet?
Is the material biodegradable ?
What mil thickness are the bags? (To allow comparison with the bags we currently use - which are rated at 0.92 mil)
Are these bags easy to tear apart? The ones we have now always rip open in the middle of the bag and we have to double bag it.
How wide is the actual roll of bags? I have a dispenser that will hold a roll no larger than 2-1/2" wide.
Are these bags easy to open? I am having a hard time opening the ones I have now.
Do these bags smell?
How many rolls?
Do the bags have handles to tie and secure the load and carry?
Is this scented?
Do these bags work with center-pull dispensers?
Is it washable?
Does this have slits for seat belts?
Will this fit the back seat of a 2013 Honda Accord?
Will this work in the back of a Chrysler Town and Country? (or any other car with captains chairs and a third row bench?)
Will dogs slide around on this, like is it a tarp-like material or does it have some soft plush fabric to it?
is their foam on the back so it won't be slippery on leather seats?
So I have a new SUV, will this cover one seat without bunching up? It looks like it's made for two seats? I'm trying to avoid damage to leather.
is it good for large dogs
My dog is a 100lb lab and loves to run from window to window. Would this hammock hold him if he stepped on the part in between the front and back seat
Will this keep the dog off floor between the front and back seat in a small car? Nissan versa. Dog gets stuck on the floor.
Is this product machine washable?
Will this fit a back set of a 2014 Dodge Durango?
Is It small enough for a Yorkie?
Anyone know what the black rubber square piece is for that comes with it in the package?
How To Work The Digital Timer? No Manual
How many would i need for my 55 gallon reef? 48inch long. could i use 1 or would i need to get 2
If i get 1 for my 55 gallon reef tank will it be able to grow sps and lps? also does it come with mounting wire/cable?
what are the lens degree, are they 120 or 90 degree?
how loud are the fans????
I have a 60 36" long tank with sps corals. How much should I dim the blue if at all, full power seems really blue
is this covered by amazons buy on insurance?
What are the dimensions of this unit and how many do you need for a 75 Gal tank ?
Anyone know if this will stand up to an adult German Shepherd? He has broken cheap wire cages in the past.
the height of this is the 44"?
are edges of tray pan rolled under to protect the paws of diggers?
What are the dimensions of it when folded?
Does this crate come with a divider panel. The set up instructions talk about how to install it, but I couldn't find the panel in the box.
is 2 to 4 month correct?
What are the dimensions of this crate? The product description here gives one set of dimensions but the picture gives a different set.
Is their a Way to Ancor it To the Ground?
Can you combine two sets to make a larger area?
How tall is it? What is the height? I need to know if my dogs could easily jump this. Thanks
Can you buy extra panels?
I wish to use this outside. How rust-resistant is it?
I would buy 3 sets, using the house as 1 side and this for the other 3 sides. 2 dogs 20 lbs &amp; 6lbs. Do you think this will work?
Is this pen appropriate for indoor use?
what is the base area of this product, like how many square feet, just curious if my dog has enough room to move around
Can you buy a cover for it?
How tall is the door's threshold?
What are the dimension's?
What is that center "doughnut" for? The one half-way between the base and the top lounge area.
deminsions
Can you provide the height of the tree and the dimensions of the sleeping platform?
How many pieces comes in the box and how hard is it to assemble?
what are the "house" deminisions plz..i have 2 older 16lb cats.
Is it true this only weighs 22 pounds? It seems that would make it too flimsy for our large cat.
Is the top bed sturdy?
What are the dimensions of the top perch?
dimensions?
Is this cat tree sturdy? Also, what is the size of the ovoid on top? I have large cats and these are my concerns.
Is the middle portion big/long enough for a 14lb cat to stretch out on? and for the top to accomodate her curled up?
About how much does this tower weigh? Need to carry from living room to back door (indoor cats - love to look outside) w/out too much strain.
what are the dimensions of the top bed/perch?
Where is this cat tree made and assembled?
What is the shipping weight?
What are the dimensions of the top ovoid? I have a 22 lb., 11 year old cat. Would he be able to get to the top and sleep comfortably in it?
what are the measurements of the different levels?
what are the dimensions ?
How difficult is the cat tree to put together?
what are dimensions
My grandpup a French bulldog, neck is 16": girth, 20 1/2" length from neck to nubbins 17" and he's 29 lbs. can you steer me to the right size for him
What size fits a 12pound Peekapoo?
what size fits a 25 lb French Bulldog??
will it fit the Biocube 14, or just the 29?
Can the biocube kit be used with the single ramp timer?
One of the original lights in my Biocube 14 stopped working and so did the fans. Can I replace the light system with this LED kit?
Do I still need to use the fans in my hood on a JBJ Nano 14?
How bright is this in a 12 nanocube or 14 bioscube? Enough for softies and LPS?
Are these powerful enough to keep SPS and LPS corals? Tank Depth is about 14" plus height above water where lights will mount.
this comes with two light strips?
how do you change the battery in the collar?
Is collar water resistant or water proof?
How do you get it out of auto sleep mode?
Does this material provide for good insulation and is there an area for the birds to perch?
How many chickens can it accomodate?
In regard to the question about ventilation, someone said there are "openings in the bottom." What does that mean?
Did you buy an egg laying pad for the nesting box? If so what size?
My girls like to sleep on the top? They go inside to lay eggs in the day, but all 4 RIRs sleep on the roof even 40deg in the rain? Mice problem?
Could this be used.as a dog house for two small terriers?
Bedding... Sand / Shavings / Straw? Rough sand's popular on backyard chickens. 4 NJ winter I'll be locking them @ night.
Lock or not to lock... A number of folks put the ladies inside every night... do you leave them in there with food &amp; water?
What are the dimensions for the coop and the run?
Is there adequate ventilation?
How do these combs attach to the clipper unit(snap on the sides of the blades or have a screw or some other attachment)?
Will these stainless steel comb attachments fit on the Andis Excel 5 speed Clippers that come with a #10?
Do these attachments fit on the ANDIS Super 2 speed Model AGC2 clippers?
I have a schnoodle, and I would like to keep her fur a bit on the long side. What blade and clipper comb is recommended?
Hi, this question was asked, but it got 2 different answers. What is the largest comb in this set? One person said 1" and someone else said 1.5". Thx!
When trimming my groodle, the comb packs with hair. Any advice on avoiding frequent stops to clean out clogged blades?
Is the 8 piece chrome set metal or plastic?
What size are the combs in the 8 piece stainless steel set?
What is the largest comb in this set? I would like at least an 1" - 1.5" for my Goldendoodle and Giant Schnauzer
Chrome, Stainless Steel, or Plastic?
I have tropical fish, will this work for them too or is it good only for salt water fish?
can this wave maker be hooked to a timer and if so what timer should i be looking for??
Hello. Would this be too much for a 55 gallon tiger oscar tank?? I have a sunsun 525gph canister but all the wastes sets on the other end of the tank.
Does it work on 110v ?
will this be good in a bow front 26 gallon tank
will this be good in a bow front 26 gallon tank
Does this size crate come with a divider?
I need a crate for a 35 lb dog. Is this the right size?
Can someone please tell me the measurement of the doors? I would like to use a puppy pad holder that is 16x19 and I need to know if it will fit through the door.
can a shih tzu fit in the crate
what is the weight range for this product?
I bought a MIdwest one it says medium size 30,19,21 does anyone know if this is bigger? I need a lil bigger
I'd like to have my indoor cats on the patio with me in nice weather. If I add a raised bed and food/litter - workable?
it has 2 rooms I see, what are their seperate dimensions? also, someone said their big dog chewed thru, what about a tiny chihuahua?
Is this crate made in the USA?
Would this work for a Great Dane?
is there open in devider so puppy can go to bathroom
would this crate be good for a bullmastiff?
Is the 19 inch measurement the inside or outside diameter of the bed? Trying to see how big this bed really is.
Looking for a bed for my cat during the winter. Is this machine washable???
Have 2 shi-tzu's both approx. 16-19 lbs each. Love this bed but size seems wrong. Is next size available?
Does this collar fit large dogs.
Can the light be attached to a different collar?
Reviews for Puplight say it's great and FITS small dogs. Puplight2 sound like it's too big for my 12lb Bichon.Personal experience anyone?
Is brightness adjustable?
is it adjustable? I have a 7 lb morkie and dont want it to drag on ground
I have a 70 lb boxer. What size should I order
My aging lab mix loves to still go for walks - is this harness designed for walking or just light support and lifting?
Has anyone purchased this harness for a blue heeler? And what size? Medium or large? My blue heeler is pretty husky at around 75 lbs. Thanks!
will this harness fit a 40 lb Rat Terrier
I have two aging english bulldogs. 1 is 72lbs, 33" chest, 27" waist, the other 59lbs, 31" chest, 28" waist. Which sizes should I buy?
what size is medium?
Is this product suitable for male dogs in supporting the abdominal part? How easy it is to remove the belley band temporarily for the dog to urinate?
Is this product suitable for male dogs in supporting the abdominal part? How easy it is to remove the belley band temporarily for the dog to urinate?
Is this product suitable for male dogs in supporting the abdominal part? How easy it is to remove the belley band temporarily for the dog to urinate?
Does this come with the shoulder strap? I don't see it in the pictures
My dog doesn't like the life force bits in the wilderness products. does this type have them or not?
Why the significant recent price increase? The last time I ordered (less than a month ago) the price was $52.99 and now its $66.99....
Will this really take between ONE month and THREE months to ship?
I have a 1.5 year-old cattle dog and a 14 year-old chihuahua - is this food inappropriate for seniors? trying to avoid buying 2 varieties.
hi , just checking but are these the small bites or large bite pieces?
Does anyone know if Blue buffalo is part of Diamond foods or are they an independent company.
what is the sodium content of this product
Approximately how many cups are in the 24 pound bag of dry food?
Why is this bag $66.99 when you can buy it in stores for $54? Not a deal at alll with my prime.
Is this USA made?
What is the largest chest circumference the large size will fit?
Can my husky use the potty with it on?Linda
what size is for a rottweiller
What size harness should I order for a 75 lb German Shepherd?
My 10 year old 40 pound male corgi will need 8-12 wk rehab for hind leg ACL surgery. He has always been touchy about harnesses.What size will be good?
Will this Large size fit a German Shepherd who is approx. 100lbs?
Was this made in Japan?
Will the large fit my 86 lb Plott Hound?
Does anyone else have a problem with the leg straps not staying snaped into the rear harness? They don't "snap" in for me and come off frequently.
My golden is 89lbs. but is 16yrs. and has about a 32in. chest. Which size would you recommend?
This is the wrong ingredients list. Why does the ingredients list include oatmeal and rice if the product is grain free?
This is grain free - yet it says Brown Rice is a main ingredient. I dont understand...
Where is the turkey raised? Is it American or Chinese? The bag indicates that the product is manufactured in the U.S., but where is the turkey from ?
Why does the price fluctuate so much from week to week? Almost 27 dollars higher since a month ago. I find this ridiculous.
It says Prime eligible and it says Ships from and sold by Amazon.com. yet the shipping says 1 to 3 months! What gives??
Why does it say it usually ships within 1 to 3 months - isn't this is a Prime 2-day shipping offer?
Why are you charging $73.28 for a product I paid $44.99 to buy on 12/27/2013?! This is an outrageous increase!
what's the flow on the 6000 model with the head pressure at 5 feet. thanks
Does it have a filter inside
Does it have a filter inside
How wide is this pump? Ed.
Will a garden hose fit onto the threads?
What submersible pump needed for a 100 gallon tank?
Is this sump submersible
Can it be switched to act as an automatic sump pump, ie like one you would use in a basement that detects when water gets to a certain level?
How long is the cord?
Can this pump work with 240 volts
Any information on lift/head height?
How high and long is this cat pan
Is the bottom inside of the pan flat all over, no ridges or valleys?
will the rim hold a litter liner in place? If so, what size litter liner will fit this box?
What is the size of the footprint of this box ? It look like it narrows, so that the bottom of the box dimensions aren't really 22.2" by 16.3?
Are the sides low enough for a cat to be able to be on the outside and reach in to cover their waste? My cats go in the box, hop out &amp; THEN cover it
Will this box work for cats that like to 'perch' on the rim of the box? Thanks.
What litter liner bag do you buy for this box?
What is the dimensions of the pan without the rim?
Can you use this litter box with liners?
Cat lovers UNITE! What can we do to get a BIGGER BOX for a normal sized adult cat? We spend so much money on our cats! What can we do? Boycott?
What are the dimensions for this scratcher?
I'm interested in mounting this on a wall as I've seen in some photos. Anyone have any tips on mounting hardware etc?
Hello. Can you tell me if this sheds a lot of cardboard? Thanks!
Is the color the tan one pictured or the dark brown?
Is there a "recover" available? When I bought my first lounge, I think I remember a recover could be ordered for it.
How is this different from PetFusion (some of you have both) ?
What color is it?
how big is the doorway?
is this sutible for a large hamster? what's the bar spacing?
Does this cage fit one guinea pig and would it fit in doorways? THANK YOU!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
How much square footage does it cover?
How sturdy is this cage?
What is the spacing between the bars? 1/2"? 1"?
Does the strap for pulling the bag also convert to a shoulder strap?
Do all the mesh sides have flaps?
Can/does this roll flat or at an angle (like 45&deg;)? In other words, is the strap long enough to not have to tilt it upwards to wheel it while walking?
Can you load the cat from the top?
Has anyone taken the sherpa ultimate medium on wheels airline approved carrier on a WestJet flight?
Do the wheels pop in so that the carrier lays flat? If so, does this shorten the height? My airline has a limit of 8.5" in height for the carrier...
Can you shoulder carry the carrier?
Does the bag have 2 wheels, or 4?
Hi, If ordered today, is it possible to rush ship and receive by Tuesday at the latest?
Is it made in th usa
Is the bone cooked or raw?
I am wondering if from usa bison because another post said was from india - didnt know they had bison/buffalo
Does the whole family have to be involved? What if I am the only one to do the training?
Is there a ball in the set? None is shown. Thanks.
will it work on huge, 125 lbs, 2 year old male doberman that we rescued 6 months ago?
does this work?
what size would work for a blue heeler ? I don't what is considered a "small" dog vs a "medium" size dog
How long are each of the DVDs, approximately? Are they each about an hour long? Do they demonstrate how to work with various problems?
Does this training cover how to train a dog not to destroy the house when you are not there?
Why not on Pitbulls? That's the gift I want to buy for my son's girlfriend's dog. He pulls her around the neighborhood!
I have a Beagle at 38 lbs. do I need to get a large or small size?
I see a lot of information about leash training, does it work for jumping, mouthing, etc?
What do I get for for this price
Does this product help with barking?
The little "nubs" on the collar look like they might hurt, do they?
Is it effective for puppy toilet training?
I have a Yorkie puppy that loves to bite.. will this kit help me to control her biting.
it says small dog does that mean I can only use it on small breeds? I have small dog 6.5 lbs and a pit bull puppy that will continue to grow large
Will it help me to keep our Jack Russell/Chihuahua mix from chasing our cat?
Will it work on a puppy that is deaf?
Why do you wear gloves?
Will this program help with a dog that harasses cats? My cats are extremely stressed out since we got our new puppy.
Would this product work for a giant sized dog? I have a 110 pound giant Alaskan Malamute.
Is there a good product that comes with this to prevent my dog from chewing it?
i know its easy but with no directions i am having trouble as i don't want to bend and break the poles. can someomeone tell me how you got yours done
Does anyone know how much this unit weighs? I am looking to take it on a back packing trip where I will be hammoking. Thanks!
How well does this do with rain?
Does it have a SPF ?
Will it hold up outdoors in a strong wind? - How does it secure to the ground? - Does the front come down any further for rain protection also?
What are the dimensions?
Does anything come with the clipper? Blades, combs, charger stand, oil, etc...
can the adjustable blades be sharpened? Or do I need to keep buying new blades
Waht is the voltage on its battery?
how many speeds
if I buy it now in US, can I use it later in Germany with 220 e-power?
is this a good clipper for bridle paths, etc.?
What is included with this clipper?
what kind of battery use? CR3032??
What battery does it use?
I bought two of the collars. both worked the first night but, the next night the switch would not stay on. Can I buy the LED Flasher separately.?
Does it come with the trailer hitch for the bike? Or is it sold separately?
is it for small medium or large dogs?
What is it that decreases the inside dimensions by almost 10" (w)?
Does this trailer convert to a stroller so you can walk them using it as well as biking?
Does it have a leash to attach dog to inside of trailer?
I can't tell from the picture. Are the 'windows' attached by zipper or velcro? Also, Do the front and back have plastic and mesh coverings?
Someone has asked this question, but it has yet been answered. What is the weight limit? I would love to have this for taking my two dogs to the park.
Can it be attached to the bike, ridden to the park, and then switched to a stroller for the park (without removing small wheel &amp; handle)?
Does this item use a pre-filter/debris trap? I want to filter only large debris so I can use a dental additive.
Which type of filter does this zen fountain take? Premium? Original?
I would like to know if the charcoal filter is a MUST? Having to change them every two weeks brings a cost I do not want to spend. My cats are used to tap water with no problems.I I realize the water would need to be changed more often. If I do not...
Vel loves to tip water bowls. Is it extremely stable?
Where to get an extension so that it can plug into an over-the-counter outlet and sit on tile floor?
Is it easy to take apart, clean and re-assemble?
Will the motor burn out if the water runs dry
I'm considering getting this fountain, but I have a 47 lb Shephard mix dog. Do you think this would be the proper fountain to get? Any suggestions?
does it come with filters? If so how many?
What do people recommend for a floor mat to go underneath this fountain? I want to use it in my kitchen, which has hardwood floors.
does it fold up for storage?
how tall is this item
Is it 56" long when laying flat? What is the length when it is set up?
I have two Chihuahuas...7lbs and 8lbs. Would I need to put some sort of railing on the side not against the bed?
Hello I have a havanese and my bed is high my havanese moves fast but weighs 16 lbs should I get it?
Is 16in wide enough for a regular size lab who is just a little over a 100 pounds? Or do you reccomend the extra wide one?
How much does this ramp weigh?
Is this slippery at all? I am looking for a replacement ramp for my Shih Tzus to get on my very high bed. I am concerned if they can't get a grip.
What are the dimensions of this when shipped?
Can this be used loading a large dog into back seat of a sedan? I'm concerned about the door opening wide enough.
I am ordering a GPS collar but also want this. If a finder scans this, does it tell YOU where he/she is? I am an animal lawyer so I've seen bad things
Will this AUTOMATICALLY send me the person's GPS location, or do they have to APPROVE to send their GPS location (as some tags do)?
how is this an improvement over simply putting your phone number on the tag?
Does the GPS work with Android app?
So this only works if the finder actually scans the tag? if the finder does not scan your pet is still lost forever?
what is a code reader? I took a picture of the "try it" on the web page. now what?
Does this require the "finder" of my pet (if lost) to download the app or can they just use any QR code reader (which most have some kind installed)?
Can it be tracked with gps
What does the GPS do for the tag???
Does it works outside US territory?
Does this work a Outside the US? I live in Europe
I need a more specific size. Can someone tell me the diameter? I have another tag that goes with it... does 4/5" or 1 1/4" cover this tag better?
What if no one finds my cat or scans this? Can I still locate him myself with the GPS?
Are the tags waterproof?
What is the size of this?
My dog is a 15 pound Cairn Terrier. DoI need a small or medium harness?
I have a 85 pound dog that climbs my 6 ft, fence will this stop her from climing it
I have a Houdini dog that wiggles out of all harness types....this looks like it might do the trick. Has anyone had any experience with this?
I am considering purchasing this for my two rat terriers. They are males. When they urinate, will this get in the way?
Will the harness keep our little dog from jumping over the fence?
Do you have to use a leash or can this be put on a dog in the yard to keep him from jumping the fence?
my dog weighs 30 pounds what size Horgam harness should I buy
Is there a size chart? Will a medium fit a 40 to 50 pound dog?
Does it stop pulling
I have a 19lb mini schnauzer. The medium says 15-50lbs. Should I get a small instead or should i go ahead and get a medium? Thanks for any help.
I see that there are 4 or 5 sizes. My dog is 50 lbs. I don't see anything that would help me determine which of these harnesses would fit him?
Are the bowls for the one pint size 4", 5", or 6"?
What size is good for up to 20lb dog?
Sizes listed: 1 pint, 2 quart and then "15.5 inches *7 inches *3.5 inches" - wondering what the volume of the last "size/measurement" is.
HOW TALL IS THE ONE PINT DINER?
How high off the ground is the one pint size? Four inches?
Does this bowl have rubber stoppers on the bottom?
is it small/big enough for small dog?
How tall are these stands?
are the bowls one quart each or two quarts each?
For the 2 quart set, what is the capacity of each bowl? One quart = 4 cups = 32 fluid oz. Thanks!
Is it just the stand or do the bowls come with it? What is the diameter of the 2qt bowls?
Is the stand wood or metal?
can you use this with the silica crystal litter?
Does it cut back on the urine smell? or just the poop? Thanks
What are the ingredients - I know it says "all natural" but what IS it?
Do you really have to add it daily?
HOW MANY OUnCES ARE IN BAG?
Is it very dusty? Would it make my rats sneeze? How small is the crystal, powder? Thanks.
How long does this food last in a closed bag before going bad? Also, how long will it last once the bag has been opened/clipped shut?
science diet
I'm free feeding my kitties and I'm concerned about the stench of Orijin. What food is better-Orijin or Wellness Core?
who and where is this food manufactured? Is Diamond foods involved in the process?
what it contains
What is the expiration date on Wellness CORE Natural Grain Free Dry Dog Food, Small Breed Health Recipe, 4-Pound Bag?
is this good for a puppy?
my 4lb maltese wants people food because her teeth ar bad think this will be able to chew?
What is the approximate size of the kibble? I have a maltese under 6 pounds that has difficulty with larger kibble
is this good for weight loss
What are the specific ingredients in this food?
Is it easy to clean, in case of accidents? will pee seep through?
measures and how mny popunds it holds?
I have as 1 yr old frech bull dog. Is this seat big enough for him? HE IS ABOUT 25LBS,
How does it "provide a safer ride in the event of airbag deployment"? Wouldn't an airbag being deployed be harmful to a little dog in any case?
how far up is the inside seat
I've lost the directions for installing this car seat in my card. Could you please tell me where the front strap goes?
Will this work placing straps over the two head rests(passenger/driver) on a bench seat, placing the unit in the middle?
Height- Wil my 14 pond ShihTzu/ Yorkie be able to see out SUV windows? Put her nose out to smell &amp; feel breeze?
does the harness come with it
What are the dimensions of this booster seat?
Has anyone found a mat that helps contain the litter?
Has anyone come up with a solution for the awful smell if feces isn't completely cleaned out? The only thing that concerns me is the smell.
Do cats accidentally go potty ocer the side? My small framed overweight kittybjs a wall-peer and she had a hard time peeing inside another box.
I would like to know, what is the actual measurement of the inside of the bowl, where the cats actually set to do their business? I have Ragdoll Cats.
how long are the water and sewer lines
How long is the warranty?
this is catgenie 120 model?
How can you hook the genie up to water?
Anyone used this while away on vacation? For how long? I wonder if I can use it for a 2 weeks vacation. Thanks.
Exactly how does it hook up to the toilet? I cannot picture it. Do the instructions come with diagrams?
How many whistles come to a single order? The photo shows five, but the description says whistle in the singular.
Is it easy to learn how to whistle? or do I have to actually train myself using this before i can train my dog with this whistle?
is it 5 whistles for $7.95 or one whistle for $7.95?
I have a beagle that still gets out of the containment area even with the shock set as high as it will go. Is there anything that I can do ?
Can these be used for Garmin training shock collars?
will this replace the prongs on a groovy pet shock collar?
Are these probes compatible with teh petSafe PIF-300 receiver collar? I don't want to pay $15 for 2 long contacts through their customer service.
Is this kit compatable with Innotek SD-2000 (basic in-ground fencing)?
does it have an auto shut off when the water runs low?
what is included in the pakage
How wide is the opening to the reservoir tank? I am visually impaired and would like to put a bright ping-pong ball inside to see the water level.
What is the difference between Small and Cat versions of CleanFlow Water Filter and Reservoir?
Is there a way to control how fast the water rotates through the filter...so as not to cause a whirlpool in the water dish?
How often do you need to replace the filter?
Why does the bowl fill so much it overflows?
Can anyone tell me how wide the bowl part of this is? I have limited space in a tray that must fit both food and water dishes.
Is it dual voltage?
how long is the cord?
There is a smell lately, it actually smells clean like ozone, I wouldn't want to drink it though. It starts about a week after cleaning it. Any ideas?
Can you hear the water on this unit. I have a blind dog and she needs to be able to hear water to find her bowl.
can you purchase a replacement pump?
the water is splashing out of the bowl. how do i fix?
Is the drinking bowl itself 3.5 gallons? I have two mastiffs, four dogs total
how deep is the actual bowl (Where the animals drink from)?
does this plug in or does it take batteries?
Mine has started overflowing when the circulator is on. It spills over the front of the bowl .... not much each time, but enough to soak a beach towel overnight. How do I stop this from happening???
My cats won't even go near this even when off. I removed the filter and tried to clean and neutralize smell but they still won't drink out of. Any suggestions?
How well does this unit filter out thick slobber?? We have two Saint Bernard's who have very syrupy drool, which always fills their water dish!
I purchased one of these and the pump has quit working. All it does it make a ton of noise. Cleaned it per instruction, changed out filter, no luck
Does anybody else have an issue with the reservoir spilling all the water out overnight? If so does anyone know how to fix it?
What if the power goes out while I am out of town? Does the water still drain from the reservoir into the bowl?
Will the water freeze in winter weather?
How often do you need to change the water?
Is it possible to replace the charcoal in the filter and then reuse it, or am I stuck buying filters every month?
Is it 110v or 220v?
Can this be used outside?
I have a pug. Is the small or medium best for him?
Is this BPA free ?
If you use filtered water do you have to use their replacement filters? If so, are these filters something you can possibly wash and reuse before repl
Does anybody know where I can get motor parts for this? The piece of plastic with the suction cups on it cracked and now it does not adhere correctly.
Is it noisy just, got one and dont think its silent dogs hate it as the pump gives off some vibration
Is this product made in the U.S. or China?
How does it work? Rechargeable batteries? How often do filters need replacing?
Does this product use batteries..?
what kind of pump is it...mine stopped working within a month so I have to replace it
How long is the cord? Also, is it a thick cord? I have one boy that likes to chew through thin cords...
what is the difference between G3 and G4
To all the people complaining about this product: Did you return it? If not, why? Also, not made by Teva now Bayer.
How many soft chews is this? The picture shows 120, but it doesn't say anywhere in the description. I'd like to know before I order.
difference with the G3
What's the difference between 9316 and 9313
Does the crate have a removal tray bottom or it is bare wood?
What is the recommended dog size? I currently have a shepherd mix puppy that is expected to grow to about 50 lbs.
I have read a review stating that the top of the crate bows with just a simple lamp placed. Has anyone else had this experience? Is the top sturdy enough to hold a fairly light lamp as well as any cups or remotes we may place on it?
sine this needs to be assembled, I assume, is there a way to change which way the door swings?
what color is it?
would this work for an english bulldog
Would this be a good size for a 70 lb golden retriever?
What are the interior dimensions of this crate? I'm actually looking for it to fit a litter box (25" x 18") for my cat.
Do the ventilated windows lead to increased odor in the area outside the box? My current enclosure is fully covered except for the entrance.
I have a BIG cat, 20lbs, anyone have a larger cat using this? using an extra large litter box now &amp; she seems to like to be able to turn around in it
Does the top open to scoop the litter box? Some of us are not 20 and like to stand on our head daily. &#x263A;
How easy was this to put together?
How is this product for containing smell? Recommendations for best combination with this product would be great.
how many inches from base of floor to bottom of entrance opening? I have an older cat (16 years old) and it's hard for him to climb into a hig cat box
What litter boxes would you recommend to use for this? It is tough trying to find one that will fit well according to the internal dimensions listed.
Is the enclosure strong enough to sit on? We'd like to put it by our door and sit when putting shoes on/off.
will it fit a standard litter box with a top? The height of my litter box is 19.7''
what color is it?
The product listed states "Natural Pine," but the picture shows a dark finish. What color is this product?
I previously purchased the Replus Meshidai Elevated Double Diner (xs); waterproof layer peeled badly. Is your product similarly expected to peel?
I am interested in these bowls for my new puppy. We are getting a 10 week old Doberman. Any ideas if the 4" would be a good size to start with?
I want this bowl for my 2 chihuahuas Girls. And my question is if the small version are to big for my Dogs ?
What would be the total size of the small unit?
Do you know if a Welsh Terrier should have the short or tall? We will get him as a puppy but want it to last. Thanks.
Are the bowls in the short the same capacity as the bowls in the tall? Or are the bowls that come with the tall stand larger?
What is the diameter of the bowls? Call me odd, but I like the dishes I have for my dog. So I am looking for a 4.5 inch opening in the stand.
Does this stand slide easily? I need something stable.
Does anyone know if it is possible to buy additional bowls?
I have two dogs - one big and one small. Will the smaller feeder fit underneath the big one, so it takes up less space when they're not eating?
How wide is each bowl?
My dog is a sloppy drinker and water just collects on the wood. I have to remove bowls and wipe the wood down every day. Anyone else have this issue?
Are the inside of the bowl high polish OR Matt finish? My puppy gets scared of his reflection in the high polish bowls.
Water stains are showing on my bowl. Anyone have the same issues?
I have a toddler who enjoys tipping over my dogs water dish, frequently. Would he be able to remove the bowls easily from the stand?
How durable is this product?
it looks like there are 2 sets of bowls I have a big and a little dog? Are there 2 sets here? thanks
Does it come with both stands
After one week, my tall feeder has water marks on the top that cannot be removed by wiping. What can I do to remove the unattractive marks?
Do you have the use the same brand wee wee pads or will any kind work?
Would this fit Be Good Puppy pads
what is the size in inches
The useable part of my pads measure 18" sq. and have a plastic only border all around. Would I be able to use this pad holder?
Does this come with training pads
what size pads fit it?
will puppy use it multiple times? or is it best to change pad to a clean one after 1st use and every use? I have a 10 week old yorshire terrier mini
I just recently purchased this item from you all,it seems to be huge for my small puppy,but I was wondering if I wanted to put grass on it what size can I use?
what is the dimensions of small training pad holder and does it fit inside cage ??
will puppy use it multiple times? or is it best to change pad to a clean one after 1st use and every use? I have a 10 week old yorshire terrier mini
do the bulbs included help grow plants in tanks that need moderate to high light?
Can you use a HO bulb w/ this fixture?
What bulbs are included, if any? HO?
I have a ho wire around my entire property-can I hook the fense to the hot wire? Would it bee too strong for small dogs?
How deep do you have to burry the fence?
Nice looking collar latch. Do the collas use batteries and if so how long do they last. Does a low battery cause shocking of dog.
Can you get extra wire so it goes the length of ur yard
can you get extra collors for small dogs if so how much ?
We have two very little dogs and one medium size dog, will these collars fit fit them?
Where on amazon can I get an extra collar?
I have 1 side of my property approximately 250' that the dog constantly crosses. The other 3 sides have fencing already. Will this work there?
What is included in this system?
can the wire be cut to fit areas around your fence or do you have to continuously roll the wire?
So, if I put the unit inside my house the perimeter extends to outside?
How long do the batteries last?
How long does a battery last?
will pet safe wireless fence work if the house has a tin roof
The description says ideal for flat yards. My yard is on an incline of about 20 percent, will it still work?
Can this be used on a small dog 10-15lbs
Can someone please describe how this is set up? I have a standard poodle pup that goes over my 4' fence and I am wanting to stop this!!
Will this work on a very stubborn husky shepherd mix dog that is 2 years old?
is this item including the collar? is the collar the ultralight that works for small dogs?
i have a metal roof on my house. will this still work?
On the side of this transmitter, there is a 3- position switch labeled A, B and C. What function does this perform?
We have transmitter W402-513/A that lightening blew out. Will your transmitter match with our collars? It is Petsafe brand. Thanks!
Does it replace the Petsafe-RF-1010
how big of an area does the RFA-347 transmitter cover
how big of an area does the RFA 347 transmitter cover
I have an inground containment system with a RF-1010 transmitter will the RFA-347 replace the RF-1010
Does this unit RFA-347, if ordered from Amazon, come with the transformer and power cord. Some reviewers are saying that it doesnt.
Hi I have a petsfe in ground fence now for small dog. the wire is instaled already. we now have a german sheppard puppy. do I have to buy a hole new fence or can I just buy a new collar and trasmiter for stubborn dogs. Thank you for you help with this...
Is this wireless?
does it include a power cord
Do these filters fit the Drinkwell " Big Dog " water fountain ?
Will these fit the Drinkwell Pagoda pet fountain?
Will these filters fit into an original Cat Drinkwell fountain? What is the shape of the filters, slightly tapered at one end or perfect rectangle? I like these filters because with the original filters, even if you rinse them before inserting them, I...
What is the difference between Premium and Platinum replacement Charcoal filters?
We have a Drinkwell Platinum, and we give our cat the same water that we drink, are these filters still necessary?
Will these filters fit the Drinkwell Zen fountain?
The foam pre-filters are those required as well, or are they optional? Also if you do use them will they extend the life of the main water filter?
Did this item ship USPS, UPS, or Fedex?
Is this the same filter as http://smile.amazon.com/gp/product/B0... ?
Do these filters fit the Zen Drinkwell fountain?
I am looking to fence 5 acres. Does anyone have an idea of how much wire that I need?
Is this one spoil of 1000 feet wire? I don't want to splice the wires. What gauge is this wire?
is this 18 gauge solid core wire?
what gauge is the wire?
what gauge is the wire and should I get 16 gauge instead?
Is this a 1000 foot roll or two 500 foot rolls? Some same 500 and others say 1000. I do not want to splice
is this large enough for a German Shepard?
Where is this manufactured? I try to avoid China and India because of concerns with lead and melamine.
Does it smell like rubber, my dog has an aversion to rubber dog toys, thank you
does it use any type or size treats
Does the ball squeak at all?
what are the dimensions?
what size would be good for an English Bull Terrier, he's just over a year old?
is the collar tag small enough for a cat? (11 pound cat)
Can I constantly track my dog with this product? Or Is it one of those that I have to wait for it to update?
We live in the mountains. How well will this work if our dog is down in a canyon and we are up on the road overlooking the canyon (or vice-a-versa?)
Is it waterproof?
Does the display indicate both bearing and range when in tracking mode? And if range is indicated, is it displayed as a distance or signal strength?
what size collar does it fit in? I have a wayward Akita, wearing a very thick collar, will need to add a thinner collar for this. How wide?
Will the tags stay attached to the collars of dogs that like to rough house? I gave up on TAGG because of this.
Why is there such wide discrepancy btwn range distances among customers? One said it's up to 3 miles while another says the dog had to be very close.
Hi, I hike a lot with my dog and I'm wondering how would the device work while we hike in case she gets lost?
Anyone know of a device like this that WILL work with cats since I'm reading this unit is most likely too much for a 6lb cat. We lost our cat the other day and needed something like this, the whole family was devistated. Even if Marco Polo made a...
The product description says 1 pound, the shipping description says 2.9 pounds the item title says 48 oz (3 pounds). What is the actual weight please
MADE IN USA ?
Has there been a recall?
which littler pan do you recommend with this?
Is the floor mesh or solid plastic.?
Two sets of measurements are given: 48x24x16.5 in title of ad and again below, then under product description 42x16.5x24. Is it 48" long or 42" long??
Are the doors on top or on the sides large enough to get a full size litter pan in and out?
Are shelves removable
could this be used for two rabbits
Is the screen top metal?
Is this ok for an adult ball python? Thank u
Is this good for an adult ball python
What are the actual measurements for this terrarium? The dimensions they have listed on the product page don't match any terrarium by Exo Terra.
Is this big enough for the life span of a bearded dragon or do I need to go bigger? I don't want to buy two! Thank u!
Is the background removable?
Is this good for a baby sulcata tortoise
how much water can you fill this with???
Is this good for an adult ball python?
Does anyone know of a larger version of this cage/terrarium? I love this design and so does my Tegu, but I'm afraid custom will be the route.
What is the expiration date - or what is the shelf life of this canned food? Thank you.
are there 2 formulas for this same EN. the one my vet gave me is 1.5% fat and 8.0% protein but another exact one has much more fat and protein?!?
How many cans?
How many cans for this product? Is it a case?
how many cans? description says 11lbs. i'm guessing a case of 12
we have 2 pups will the Alpha controller operate more than one collar, or do I need 2 controllers
how does the alpha 100 TT collar unit compare to the Tri Tronics trash breaker in relation to size? I don't want a unit that is too big for beagles.
If you set the geofence border. Will the collar shock the dog automatically like an invisible fence or do you need to manually shock?
can the geofence be made not in a circle
are the collars waterproof?
My friend lives in Ukraine.And he really wants this device. Is it going to be working in Ukraine?? does is has the russian language???
how far will the garmin track and how many collars come with the 649.99 dollar alpha training unit
Can I use the Garmin Astro 320 collars with the Garmin Alpha GPS tracking system? Are they compatible?
Does this system come with the original TT10 collars or the newer TT15 collar?
How good is this in rugged terrain?/ how far will it track. How are the maps in "non gps" areas. I live way out
What is the length of the collar?
Will this fit a maltese
Is this collar SALT waterproof?
How is the delay between pressing the button and the actual correction?
I'm fuzzy on the fact that the remote takes a 9V DC battery. Don't they die fairly quickly? Is there such thing as a re-chargeable 9V ?
Is there a warranty and if so how long?
how do you power on
Does the collar work as a regular bark collar when you are not around to push buttons on the remote?
Has anyone found a place to get an extra collar without purchasing the whole kit?
Is there a guarantee with this product? As in, if it doesn't work, is there a money-back guarantee?
I just purchased one. Can't wait to get it. I sure hope it works for us. Do you guys still like it?
What brand is this?
come with pads?
How does it work for older dogs that have been used to going outside? Just moved to an apartment from a house.
Video of pet using this: Can you provide a full video of a dog stepping onto this and using it?
How does it work for older dogs that have been used to going outside? Just moved from a house to an apartment.
what about feces? Do they go into a reservoir too?
would this work for a golden retriever?
MY dog weighs 4.5 pounds with tiny paws; how far apart are the grate lines?
What about male dogs? Can someone explain it to me? Thanks. Cindy
what is the weight limit
Does it have a strap inside to hook dogs in?
would it hold a 15 lb jack russell
Has anyone used this stroller for a cat with claws? It is hard to tell how strong the mesh is by the picture and description alone.
is it possible to walk briskly while pushing this so I could get in exercise 2? Or would I be stepping on the stroller?
what are the dimensions
Has anyone ever used this stroller for a cat? if so, how well did the cat do in it?
My jack russel fits
what are the measurements?
how big is the carrier?
Where is this made?
What ingredient makes these so addictive to cats?
Can I mix them with their meal?
I have an old cat with few teeth. Are these soft, easy to chew?
I think amazon needs to check the pricing they have listed for the "11oz" bag. $15.99. But wait if you buy 2 "5.5oz" bags. They sell for $3.79 ea?
Do these contain enzymes? I'm not convinced that chewing action alone cleans the teeth - or all cats eating kibble would have clean teeth.
I have large cats. Not overweight. They both weight 16-18 lbs. How many bites should I give them. The suggested serving seems like way too much.
What happened to Amazon's price for the 5.5 oz size? From $2.99 last December to $8.49 today?
In what country are they manufactured?
how many in each bag?
Would this illuminate a 35 hexagonal tank effectively?
If using on a timer, will the selected light mode remain set when the timer cycles the power on and off?
Does this light need to remain plugged in or does it charge &amp; run freely?
will the plants grow if the aquarium top is thin plastic
when I choose the 3 mode description says only blue light &amp; white/blue so two modes? I want white only and blue only.
The photos in this add shows two types of lights. One has one tightening wheel to mount it, &amp; the other has two, which one is this?
Do you know the colour temperature of this light fixture?
Would this be enough light for low-medium light plants in a 10 gal aquarium?
What do the lights (white, white+blue, and blue) do? Or is it just for effects? No info included in box.
If I add two of them to my 30 gallon tank with it be sufficient for low to medium plants
does it work?
what are the ingredients
does it sting or burn
My vet told me anything with Alcohol is bad for dogs ears as it dries out the ear. does this contain alcohol? Have pets experienced dry or flaky ears?
How far does this bottle go? Is it enough for full treatment?
does it kill ear mites
one review says it is a miracle, next one says it hurt her dog, another says it plain doesnt work. what to do???
Anyone know whether this will fit a 2012 VW tiguan?
Has anybody tried this in a Prius. I have a 2013 model, but they are all basically the same. If it is too high, can the top bar be cut off?
Could a 15 lb dog squeeze under the first horizontal bar? What's the measurement there?
Will this fit a 2010 Lexus RX350?
Will this work in a 2014 Honda CRV?
One comment about a Labrador being able to get his head through ( with contortion) worries me. Will this work for a 27 lb puppy (65 grown)?
Does this work with a Toyota Rav? Also, is it sturdy enough to stop a determined 50 pound Lab who doesn't want the back - would rather be driving?
will it fit a 2012 ford focus hatchback?
Will this item fit in 2014 mazda CX-5?
Will this fit a GMC Acadia?
I have a 70 lb Wolf-Husky who paces in my Toyota Prius back seat. With all her hair, will this be too hot inside?
I have two Collies -the larger is 90 lbs. Would he fit? Lir is about 24 inches at the shoulder.
I am picking up a new puppy, should I put him in this so he has room to walk around or a much smaller crate?
Is this the same product as the Petego tube that is not listed under Motor Trend? I am curious why it is completely different pricing for the Large
My bengal kitty has claws like talons. We have gone camping multiple times with him but he has torn shreds in our tent. How durable is this kennel?
If this is installed in the back row of my mini van, how does a large dog get into it when it opens at the end right next to the interior wall?
I only have one fancy goldfish and i need VERY little food every 24 hours. What is the minimum amount of food I can use with this feeder?
I use flake food and it is set on max, but there is not enough food coming through the slot. Any suggestions? Can I make the slot bigger?
Will this fit on a 3.5 gal fish bowl?
Has anyone Submersed the the feeder? and does it work well while submersed?
Does this feeder can keep feeding during a 3 week period with a one time a day serving? I have a 42 gallon tank and a close by 45 fishes community.
My fish require feeding once every 48 hours. Does this feeder have a setting to space feedings that far apart?
Why can't I use rechargeable batteries? It says not to, but could I get away with using them anyway?
What's the max number of times this autofeeder will feed? I plan to go on a vacation for 30 days, and I want to feed 2 times a day.
if i will go travel to other place for few days, can the feeder automatic feed fish for these days?
Hi, great reviews and questions--very helpful. For those using this for two cats with the divider lowered, would you suggest buying the regular, non-divided X Large bag instead? My cats like to snuggle together...was wondering which bag would be a...
Can I comfortably fit two adult cats in this carrier?
Is the bottom comfortable or should I buy two small beds to put inside?
What airline will allow this carrier. I'm thinking SouthWest with a middle seat where the space is larger??
Is it airline approved?
Is this too small for a mini Dachshund?
does the neck loop come with the table
Is this table big enough for miniature schnauzer grooming?
How malleable is the brass? I want to form this to fit around a cane, along the spine of the cane - and I have the leather mallet and form
we can not get the rivets to stay on. my husband has banged it, hard, and it still pops off. The rivets are getting all bent. Everyone said it was so easy, well, by husband is an engineer and can't get the rivets to secure. Suggestions?
Will the rivets fit on a Perri padded dog collar?
How can I get info to company to engrave? Can't find "Contact seller button or how to email them info.?
Are special tools required to affix this to a collar?
Will the rivets fit on a Perri padded dog collar?
I have changed collars a couple of times &amp; need replacement rivets. What size rivets should I order?
Is 1 inch the smallest width the rivets can accomdate or would I be able to use them on a 5/8" wide collar?
Will this fit on a small collar for a cat? I had to buy a dog collar because it doesn't snap off. She is an inside cat!
For the 1-line or 2-line versions, are they narrower? My pet's collar is 3/8 wide. Thanks!
is it steady or can it tip when being jumped on?
is this tower big enough and sturdy enough for a 15 lb cat?
Do I have to attach that thing that sticks up out of cubby hole where the cat sleeps? I would like it better without it.
Would my cat be able to lay in the top tower? It seems with the pole being in the middle-lying down would be impossible. Would be grateful for insight
In the top tower, could my cat lay down? it seem the middle pole would inhibit this
Can a big cat fit in the hammock?
Do you have it in black?
What is the height from the base to the bottom of the house? Is it tall enough for a grown cat to stretch up and claw on the post, stretching?
I have two cats and one is very large (~15 lbs). Will the larger one be able to play on and scratch at this tree?
Is the arched bridge attached? Is there any potential to move the two "towers" a scosh closer together? I have a space exactly 40" that this might fit
I have 4 senior cats that like to look out windows. Intended window sill is 23" high. Are condo openings or perches tall enough?
what are the dimensions of the shipping box?
What are the dimensions of the openings of the boxes?
hi im from ecuador but a have a locker in usa but mi question is if this comes disassembled in a box and weigh as?
what are the dimensions of the houses and the top shelf?
how many ounces per can?
In this order it says 24 x 3, which leads one to believe it is 72 cans. Can anyone verify?
I assume this is for 72 cans?
How many cans in this order?
How many cans are there in this item?
is it big for a bunny
How does the carrier open to put the pet in? Can you top load as well as side?
is the height 8" or 12"?
what kind of battery does it operate?
I can not turn the thing on... how long do I have to press to turn it back on?
How long is the cord on this product?
Is it possible ship to Korea?
Is thing portable? I bought it mostly to check tap water temperature for waterchanges, along with a periodical tank to check the strip thermometer.
I want to monitor temperature of ice water to make sure the temperature does not warm up too much. Will this read temperatures that low?
does this product have f reading or does have c reading
how long did this item take to arrive?
Where do you hang or run these along your aquarium? I am used to hanging the gang valve on the back of the glass.
Does this perform as a check valve as well?
If you wanted, could you only use 1 outlet and close the others?
What size pump do you use? How powerful of a pump is needed to control airflow to 3 outlets?
Is it metal or plastic?
is it fix for 3/8 inches hose.
What timer power outlet is good for auto on and off for the Solenoid? One that works 24/7 on and off
how tall is this unit? Attached to a 20 or 24 oz bottle, what is the total height?
How does the Solenoid work? How does it know when to turn on and off? Is it configurable?
How long does a paintball cylinder typically last when used on a 50-gal tank?
Does this include the paint ball tank?
I noticed there are different size paintball tanks, does this fit all of them or only the 20 oz tanks?
is the output pressure on this regulator adjustable or not, i see reviews on other sites saying it's pre-set.
Why is the mini $11 more than the basic???
Is there a way to connect this to a normal CO2 tank as well?
Does the regulator and tank need to be upright or can it lay on it's side?
Why is the tan bed more expensive than the pink one?
Does this tan version include the fitted sheet?
Are replacement covers available? Please advise.
My dog is 17 lbs would this work?
What size is this bed?
Could I use this without the frame? I want to hang it from a cage for my sick kitty to lay in?
Where can I buy the removable cover?
What is the size of the bed?
what size is this bed and what weight of dog is it suitable for
do you have to reopen it? or does it stay open and not collapse as they play in it? The one we have now closes as she runs through it.
What is the diameter of the opening?
How long is tunnel?
Is it made out of crinkly material?
Can the tunnel be washed the the washing machine?
Will this clamp fit onto a folding table with a side edge of 1 1/2" with the underside of the table being only 3/4"?
I have a 5b Shitzu, l'm purchasing your grooming arm adjustable and your two I no sit haunch holders. Will both of these accomodate her in fit?
does the arm extend?
I have a medium sized cock-a-poo (around 30-35 lbs) will this grooming arm and harness be ok to trim him
Is this ok for a toy poodle and a 25 Pound Cocker ? Will it attach to a table w/ height same as grooming table but tile top w/metal edges? Thanks.
I have an 18# cat (big fella) that for health reasons must have his hair clipped short. Would this work for a cat as well as a dog?
Will this work on a 25-30 pound cocker spaniel?
Will this set up work on a tiny 2.3 lb. dog. She is full grown. Is the entire (arm and loop) adjustable to make it work for her. Is it comfortable?
The picture is showing the master equipment sticker on the arm, but the brand is saying downtown pet supply. Is this a master equipment arm or not?
Do we have to have a Veterinarian's prescription to order this? packaging says "Available only through licensed Veterinarians"
Can I reuse a clean SynoviG4 container for non-food storage?
are these made in China
what are the ingredients?
Are the ingredients US sourced or otherwise?
How does Synovi G3 compare with G4?
the photo says 240 ... is that how many are in the container (I don't see the actual # in the product details or description)
Is this small enough for a Chihuahua?
my dog Is biting himself from self injury, trying to help him heal but I need him to stop biting himself, will this work?
Will this work for my miniature dashound
will this fit dog about 40-50 LBS?
Will this work for a Shih Tzu
will this muzzle work on a 4 to 5 lb yorkie
What is the circumference at largest? I see 19cm but it also says adjustable and doesn't give a range.
can a dog drink water with this on?
What size do I need quick fit mussel for -a. Sheltie
will this fit a pug 8inches?
Can you tell me what the top looks like? is it solid? does it zip completely closed so pet cannot peak out?
What color is this carrier? Black or brown?
Does the carrier have pockets on the outside?
One person stated the purse had mesh on top is this true, and if not is there a way to prop open the side to let your pet poke his or her head out?
how long are the handles on this? also how long are the metal leads on the handle? thanks in advance
Do the ends (on the sides of the bag) have closure flaps or are they open mesh?
Does anyone know if this bag has shoulder straps (or fits over the shoulder)? Thanks in advance!
What color is this bag for sale ? It doesn't say.
Does this have a harness attachment inside? My puppy jumps out of carriers unexpectedly.
is there anywhere to put my iPhone 4?
I wanna use this now while my shiba inu is a puppy from the back of her head to her tail she only 7 inches long can I use this bag?
I have a shiba inu puppy. when she becomes a full adult she'll be 13-15 inches tall and will weigh about 15-20lbs. can I use this till then
How much does this bag weigh?
IS THIS AIRLINE APPROVED???
Does it fit a 10lb dog?
is vet guard water proof
Is this product for dogs over33lbs. Used monthly?
Do you eed a prescription to buy this product?
How long do i have to wait to bathe my dogs after applying the vetGaurd plus?
how long does it take for the dog to be free of fleas?
How can you remove from furniture?
What is the active ingredient?
We have Yorkshire terriers. Anyone use it on their Yorkie and what did you experience?
Is it waterproof?
Is it waterproof?
Are there replacement pads (grass) available for sale?
I know this company makes 2 sizes. Is this the bigger one of the two?
My dog is a Mini Chinese-Shar Pei and weighs adbout 45 lbs. Would this be big enough for her size??
How do you get the dog to be interested in peeing on it?
DOES THIS STAND HAVE A SOLID TOP
what are the colors?
would the bottom shelf hold an acrylic 6.6 gal. tank that is 24in. long and 8 in wide by 12 in high.
Does this stand have leveling gear on the bottom of the legs?
I have two 5 gallon hawekeye aquariums. Does this have center support and can it hold my two tanks?
Can someone verify the dimensions of the actual stand?
Will this fit the 55 gallon aqueon tank?
What is the maximum weight this stand can hold? I have a 55 gallon reef tank.
Would a reptile tank for a Beardy measuring 36"L x 18"W x 16"H be ok to hang off the edges a bit? The 18" W vs 13.5" W worries me.
Okay, my tank is a 65 gallon tank, but the base is the same size as the average 55 gallon tank. Would this stand support the weight?
Anyone having issues with a gap between the bottom tank brace and stand.... I have a quarter inch gap and thinking I may just build a stand.
Will this fit the MARINELAND 55 gallon long tank from Petsmart?
My tank is 55 gallon tank. Measurement is 48 1/2 X. 12 3/4 do you have a medal stand that would. Fit
What are the dimensions of the top of the stand?
Does the stand fit a 48 inch 55 gallon tank?
What is the width or length of the legs of the stand (right above the adjustable feet)? I'm hoping they are less than an inch so it will fit.
How wide and deep is the stand i need a 36+18 stand for my turtles???
If I placed a board on the bottom rails, could a 29 gallon tank fit on the inside of the stand as well as the top?
Would this fit the Aqueon 29 gallon fish tank?
Will this stand hold a 20 gallon long on the bottom shelf?
Would this hold a 25 gallon rounded front aquarium?
What is the max weight this stand to hold?
Would this tank hold a 25 gallon 30inches long but with a bow front? Could I put a wood top on to help the tank front bow over hang?
Will this hold about two inches worth of gravel and substrate?
Hi is this stand ok to use with a 30 on top and 30 on bottom?
does this have wheels?
I have a Litter Robot. Does anyone know if this litter will work in this type of litter "box"?
Is this litter scented or unscented? Sound like dust is not a problem.
Dust. How much dust does this litter produce? Thank you.
Is the unscented available?
Ok, this might be a stupid question, but because its a "lighter" litter - is it technically more litter then a regular 15lb bag?
Is it HARD clumping? Does not break apart when sooped out?
i would love to know where you can get this 15 lb jug cheaper..this is the cheapest ive found it and i get free shipping..
Is this litter flushable? (in a city sewer system)
Is this the price for 1 jug of litter????? I certainly hope not.
is it flushable?
what is the maximum length the arms extend and does the light come with a controller
Does the programming or adjustments make changes to the color of visible light or just adjust like a dimmer?
Does this fixture come with tank mounting hardware
Does this fixture include moonlights
I use this litter regularly and like it but the tracking is a BIG problem. Does anyone have a solution for tracking?
Organic?? I would like to know if it has any soil amendment benefits. I prefer to toss it out on my wooded lot, not bag it/trash it. Thx!!
I bought Cats Pride Fresh &amp; Light 99% dust free at Walmart. I don't think all that dust is good for cats. This doesn't say dust free at all. Is it
Can you use this litter successfully in a Electric LitterMaid Box
Is this price only for 1 jug? The 15-lb size is only $7.99 at my local grocery store. It seems a bit excessive to pay over $20.
Is this litter flushable?
Does it specify what kelvin rating this is? I want to use for plant growth 5500kelvin+
What is the size of the base clip? I want to know how wide it is and how low it will go into the water.
Is this big enough for a ten gallon tank?
What is the average size tank this will work well with, can I use it on my 30 Gallon?
When using a timer, will it stay on the setting you choose when it turns on-or does it revert to the first setting?
Will this light work with a timer controlling the power?
item seems to be more than I thought. Was shipping charged?
Need more info. please. in the case of these booties, how big are they? what type dog do u have? I want to gauge size. I have a 40lb Boston Terrier
My dog is 6 lbs. I would like to buy booties / shoes to keep his paws clean and safe. I need the righgt size for him,
My shih-tzu is 15 1/2 lbs. What size would I need to order?
Do these tie on? Everyone is saying they are too small, whats too small? I have a PomShi Im just trying to get the right size
Will a Maine Coon Cat fit in it comfortably?
Does anyone have any experience using this product with cats weighing over 16lbs or 7kilograms?
I have chairs with round legs. Would this work on those?
I really want this product for my cat but am not sure if it will fit a chair with 13" apart legs?
Is it washable, what is the fabric?
Do the fasteners or crib use latex?
What is the hammock material, are both sides the same?
I'm wondering if you could use this on an end table instead of a chair?
What kind of packaging does this come with?
Does anyone have any experience using this product with cats weighing over 16lbs or 7kilograms?
I didn't get the straps to connect it with. Anyone eklse not receive them?
Will this work on a metal crate? I am driving cross country with two cats in a metal crate and want to create some extra space for them. TY!
Does anyone have any experience using this product with cats weighing over 16lbs or 7kilograms?
Will this adapter work for ISTA's 88g CO2 regulator? It uses disposable cartridges that look almost identical to Fluval's. Has anyone tried it?
Is there a pin on the inside of this adapter to push the paintball tank or will I still need the CGA adapter?
Will this fit with the Fluval 20g valve?
I can't get the CO2 to come out of the canister? Is it possible that the adapter pin did not puncture the canister the way it is supposed to?
Can I screw this strait into my paintball marker instead of using a hose and the screw the tank into the adapter?
Will this connect to a UP Aqua Simple Regulator
Does this fit a 24oz co2 tank from the Empire brand?
does this adapter work on the Soda Stream tanks to allow refills?
Are these the "The monsters" size that I've seen in Greenies? I need those b/c some of my dogs med's are so big, I am having to break them into pieces
are these capsules or the smaller size tablets
Can anyone confirm that this 6 pack is for 6 pkgs of 7.9 oz peanut butter pill pockets for capsules? The title and description do not match. Thx alot
Why does this item say Capsules in the title, but in the description it says it is the smaller bag of tablet size ones? Which pack is it? Thank you!
How long is it? Will it work well for 1.5 gallon tank? Can it be on 24/7?
Will it keep my 3 gallon tetra half moon kit with two Cory cats and two neon tetras at 77 degree?
How does the heater attach to the tank? Suction cups? By the look of the picture, it looks like it just floats around the tank. Thanks for answers.
Where was this product made? In the USA? Somewhere else?
Does this heater turn off at a certain temp?
Can this go in a plastic 2.5G aquarium?
Is this too much for a 1.1 gallon tank?
How well will it heat a 5 gallon tank?
Will it fry my two Cory cats and two guppies?or will it keep them at 76 degree in my 3 gallon tank.if not tell my which type you recommend.
Will it fry my two Cory cats and two guppies?or will it keep them at 76 degree in my 3 gallon tank.if not tell my which type you recommend.
is this heater suitable for a 1/2 gallon tank? if not, can you recommend any that are?
can you adjust the heat for this?
I have a one gallon plastic tank, is this heater safe to use for plastic (will it melt the tank)? Also, I live in ny where temperature in my house is at most 68, is this heater powerful enough?
About how long does it take this model to start heating?
what are the dimensions of this heater?
does this heater turn off at a certain temperature or does it stay on all the time
What the degree will it keep? Can it use for my baby turtles? Can it be horizontal?
Have 1 gal round glass bowl. Will it work &amp; will suction cup stick to side of round bowl?
Is this safe for a 1/2 gallon plastic tank?
How long is the power cord on this?
from floor to top of bowl how tall is it? I have a 2lb chiweenie and I want to make sure she can reach her food. thanks!
how much food and water fit in each bowl?
What's the size of the bowls?
Where is it made? Thanks.
So the bowls are removable? If so, is it fairly sturdy when they're attached?
How big is this blanket?
what is the size of this blanket??
Does dog hair wash and dry out of this blanket with ease.
Does this launder well? Can I put it in the dryer?
Do you have any idea when this will be available in pink again?
Is It Made in the USA, like other Snuggle Products?
is there a weight limit? we have great danes, one which may end up over 200 pounds
Are there rubber caps on the bottom of the legs or?
How high off the ground is this bed?
can it be placed on dirt or grass? will it sink in the dirt or grass?
What are the measurements of the size large? Some Amazon listings show 51 x 31 x 8, and some show 43 x 31.
Anyone else have a dog that wont go on this bed? My six year old beagle mix will lie next to it but not on it for some reason.
Do these beds make a noise when the dog gets on/off or moves around?
Would the quality/strength of this product with- hold a (passive) 120#Nufie/Lab?
Our labs will not try and lay on these beds. Suggestions?
i see no mention of the size of this bed, does someone know?
Is the top tier suitable for a big heavy cat?
What do I need to assemble it... Is the platforms carpeted?
Do cats actually use that latter? It looks vertical and difficult to climb.
Some reviews claim the opening to the house is too narrow for big cats. Anyone know the diameter ? My cat is 17 lbs , want to be sure he can fit.
What are the inner dimensions of the base, from post to post, across front and back to front? (For fitting a corner litter box on the base)
Is this 62 inch high or 47.5 inches -- listing says both. -- Thanks
Does it come in any other color? I would prefer a lighter color such as ivory or beige.
Where is the cat tree made?
Some reviewers say that this isn't covered in carpeting, but some type of plushy, fleece-like fabric or something similar. Which is it?
Is the house large enough for a 12lb cat to fit in and be comfortable?
does the heating pad stay on til it is turned off?
Our outside cat is expecting a family. Can she birth on this pad?
Does the heating pad stay on all night or does it turn off after awhile and only turns on manually?
I just received the cover but no heating pad. Is that coming separately?
I have a plastic tote converted to cat houses, with a chair cushion and straw.could I place pad on top of straw.fire hazard?
Is this foldable? I'd like to put it in an outdoor house but would need to bend it to get it through the door.
Can this heating pad be used under an orthopedic bed that has a gel center?
can it be used out doors
Would my cat (approx 11 - 12 lbs) be heavy enough to trigger it to turn on?
what are the dimensions of the large size?
I have a 60 gallon bow front 24" deep tank, maybe 27" at widest point. How many will lights will i need?
Would one light be sufficient for reef tank 40 gal breeder 36" long
what light would be better for 75gal soft coral/fish set up? TaoTronics&Acirc;&reg; TT-AL09 165w or the TaoTronics&Acirc;&reg; TT-AL16 120w?
I am looking at purchasing a new LED light for my upcoming 30 gallon cube build. What type of corals can be supported with this fixture?
48 inch bowfront how many?
36 inch tank 30 gallons. Could I get away with 1 light for coral??
what is the physical size of the light?
Would this light be able to grow Zoa's in a 24inch tall tank? Suspended ~6" above the water?
I need a replacement ballast for a taotronics led light fixture.
What's the warranty on this product?
Please, what is the measurement of the spacing of the bars? 1/2" 3/16" or something else?
Can you stack 2 of these cages?
Is there a door in the top of the cage or just in front?
What is the width of door in inches?
what is the width of door
Is the wire spacing appropriate for baby hedgehogs?
How many ounces are each bag?
What flavors come in the sampler pack?
Do these keep their shape better in the small bags? When I open a new (large) bag, at least a third of the treats have crumbled into dust.
Does anyone know how many calories these have? My cat is on a specific amount of calories so I can't feed her anything without knowing the calorie amt
Can you add casters or wheels to the legs?
Does this bed have any replacement covers?
what are the overall dimensions of the medium bed? I see 35x25, but is that the fabric or the entire bed?
what is the fabric made of? My dog has huge claws that destroy beds.
is this CAGE ONLY, really 60 inches in height???
Is the spacing of the bars good enough for a bird the size of a conure/quaker?
Are toys able to be hung easily in the cage?
Is the cage primer bird safe?
how many feeder doors does it have? and does it only come with one perch?
Is this cage large enough for an Electus?
What is the interior height with play door closed?
Can the cage be used as a table top cage, or does the stand have to be used???
Is it large enough for an Amazon?
Where can I download instructions for this!
I understand everything about the programming except how to turn the voice recording off and the manual isn't available online. Can anyone help?
I know you can set it up to dispense food 3 times a day, but does it repeat the next day and the next day without you having to press any buttons?
How many cups of food does this pet feeder hold?
I was just wondering if this unit can be programed with multiple settings? My dog is not always home and I would like to have one setting for while my dog is away and one for when he is home. Otherwise the food despenses and my dog is served more than...
Can it work with an AC adapter?
Despite directions and several tries I can't figure out how to set up/program this feeder! Please help me with a detailed description of how to do so. Thank you
Does it make a lot of noise when it dispenses food?
I was using kibbles and bits and it wouldn't dispense so I bought dog food that has smaller bits - still won't dispense. Anyone else have problems?
Can this be used outside? Weatherproof?
Anyone have more than 2 cats? I have 4, all are a bit food-crazed, but one 25-lb cat in particular.
how much storage solution and calibration solution comes with this? is it something that I could do without initially to get by or plan to buy with it
what is the range of the ph that this device goes too?
What is the precision(accuracy) of the PH measurement?
What should I use when the sponge in the cap needs to be replaced?
Would someone post the instruction how to use it? I lost mine in the package.
Is the electrode replaceable?
What is the operational temperature range ?
Can you use this to test the PH level of a soil and if yes is it as simple as pushing it into the soil?
Can you use this to test the PH level of a soil and if yes is it as simple as pushing it into the soild
I need a pH tester for food as well as beverages. Will this one work OK for that?
Does it come with a pad
Are the bars made of steel? My dog is a chewer...
I am adopting a Beagle/English Springer Spaniel mix. He will stay the size of a Beagle. Will the medium crate be large enough?
Is this crate big enough for a golden retriever?
I have a 37lb boston/boxer terrier mix. She has muscle, not real big tho. 16in to her shoulders from floor on 4 paws. You think size will be an issue?
Would a 65 pound Male German Shepherd have enough room in this crate?
Does the gate have to be 80 inches or can it be adjusted to be smaller?
What is the height of the medium size?
What are the dimensions for the inside of the medium crate we are looking for an American Cocker Spaniel
what sizes do these crates come in
Would one be able to use this backpack as an in-cabin carrier on an airplane?
will it support the dog while on your back while extended ?
I have a clumber spaniel/chihuahua mix that is about 11lbs... She has a long back, almost like a weiner dog. Will she be comfy in the backpack?
Could you please clarify the depth and width (floor space) and height of the backpack when the screen are is "closed" (being carried)?
What are the measurements, L x W x H and the weight in lbs?
Does it come in any other colors? Like black, grey, or brown?
Is there only one opening through which the dog can get into the bag? How large is the opening?
can you wear it on your front instead of on your back?
I have a 18 pound Westie would this work?
Is it large enough for an 11.5 lb. dog to lie down in ?
What are the horizontal and width dimensions, minimum and maximum?
What is the vertical measurement of the mesh part; from the highest point?
Will this fit a 2010 Lexus RX350?
Will this work in a 2011 crew cab F-150? I use a sling but the dogs keep going around it and come up front.
will it fit Honda Odyssy mini van?
Will it work in a 2000 chevy tahoe ?
Will this fit 2015 jeep wrangler unlimited?
will this fit a 2014 honda crv
will this fit 2008 ford escape
Is it squishable - can you make it less tall to fit under an airline seat? Did you try and ask if an airline would accept it, in the cabin?
Has anyone put a heavier than 10 lb animal in the carrier? How much did he weigh? How did it hold up? My cat is 11 lbs.
What are the INTERIOR dimensions of Model 21786, specifically?
Can it be buckled with a seatbelt in cars?
Dimensions 18.1" x 14.2" x 4"? Please tell me which dimension is 4 inches? Not sure my cat would fit if that is accurate.
Is this Kennel Airline Approved?
Do you think this would be an appropriate carrier for a medium-sized cat for an 8 hour car trip? I'm moving soon...
Is there any way to get replacement parts or would I have to order a whole new one?
What is the material, it kind of looks like neoprene? Thanks!
How tall is this, doesn't mention height, from the ground up?
I would like to get a mat to place under because my dog splashes. How long is this feeder, and is there one you would recommend?
HOW BIG ARE THE BOWLS IN THIS FEEDER?
How much food does this hold? Silly not to include that anywhere. Whats the diameter of the bowls?
has the manufacturer managed to properly upgrade the product?...or better said.....return it to the pervbious quality/
I am in Australia and was wondering what the power outlet was as I know USA is 120 and Australia is 240 how will that work if I order it or is it dual
I have one cat. I am planning to be out of town for 7 days. How often I need to find someone to clean?
Does this model have metal rake or is it plastic?
what is the measurements for the space where the litters goes?
I have one cat. I am planing to be out of town for 7 days. How often I need to find someone to clean?
The description say "Littermaid LM680C", but the picture is "LM580". What will I get if I order it?
what does it weasure?
the lid covering the discarded waste does not close on its own. any ideas?
what kind of plastic the littermaid box made from.
Does this light come with 1 or 2 plugs? Trying to see if I can have multiple timers (1 timer just for the blue lights and a separate timer for white)
does it come with it's power suply ?
What are the dimension ?
Dou you have and color black
This came up under "waterproof" when I searched but don't see any mention of it. Is it?
We have 8.5 lb. Yorkie and 5.5 lb.Chihuahua. Is the shock too strong? Can it be put on their collars they already wear, for better fit?
Will the collar go into a sleep mode if there is no movement?
Would this be suitable for a deaf dog? I would only need vibration.
I ordered this about a month ago and could not resize one of the collars for my 14 lb pekeapoo. How do I get a smaller collar?
Unfortunately I do not have my instruction manual handy. I think my remote is dead already - how does this get charged?
Will this device work for smaller dogs and puppies, 11-13 lbs?
Can this be used on a barking eight pound yorkie? I would only use the vibration setting anyway for both my dogs.
Hi, how do you use the shorter metal prongs? The screw is too long for the shorter prongs. How do adjust the screw for shorter length?
I have purchased a replacement collar but have lost my original manual. How do I pair this replacement with my green remote( remote is for 2 collars
I have a 4lb Toy Yorkie that is in need of this colar. Will it be too heavy for him?
Does the collar detect the dog's bark by sound or vibration? Do you have to shave the dog's neck where the collar touches it?
The collar emits a spray when my dog shakes his head vigorously. Any way to stop this?
My dog is a Boxer and weighs 60 pounds. Will the collar fit a dog that size?
why it works for a month and stops changed batteries, reposition collar NOTHING works
I have a 134 lb. Leonberger - will it fit?
What is adjustable? Sensitivity? Spray volume? # barks before spraying?
Is this product too heavy for Chihuahua's? I have 4 and they each weight 10-12 lbs?
Sound like the batteries are expensive and have to be replaced quite often, WHY? Where can you buy the batteries and what type are they ?
What is the brand of this collar? Is it suitable for a 10 pound Maltese? Can i purchase refill citronella?
is this item compatible for the remote control shock if I have the remote for the other training system?
is this item compatible for the remote control shock if I have the remote for the other training system?
How large a dog can I use this for?
Im getting a Siberian husky at when it turns 6 weeks old. I would only use this for a few months. can this fit a growing Siberian husky pup?
can you purchase the bottom try separate? my tray came to me cracked, but I did not want to return it, I love this play pen, I purchased this item on 2-8-14.
How large is the space between the bars?
How long does this antler typically last your dog?
How many come in a pack?
Are these sourced in the USA?
The inside of my antler (size large) is quite pink, almost red. Is this normal?
What are the typical dimensions of this antler (weight, length)?
I measured my Rottweiler's neck at about 22-23", would I need an extra link?
What is the size of the collar and will extra links be easily available in the future?
Is this collar randomly detach like the adjustable pinch collars?
is this a 3mm prong?
can i use it on a siberian husky puppy 4 months old? weigh 32 lbs.
What length is this collar?
is this a medium or large collar?
Can "crystal" cat litter be used? I've never understood if crystals are considered to be clumping litter, but it's all we've ever used. This seems like a great litter box, but I'd hate to switch our 15-year old kitty to a completely different kind of...
Do the bags come with, or can you use any plastic bag?
I have two cats with claws, does anyone who owns one of these and their cats have claws, does it work for them, does the cats claw tear up the liners
Can this pan be used with walnut-based clumping litter? I like the litter a lot and would love to try this pan.
The grates get blocked by clumps of pee/poop very easily. What can I do to prevent that?
Hi, can you please tell me the dimensions of the box it is being shipped in (and not the item itself when it is assembeled? thank you very much :-)
how big of cats can use this? how many pounds ? i have a big cat hes at least 20+lb
The handle broke on my Smart Sift and Hagen won't help. Where can I get a new handle?
What are the dimensions and weight of the product when it is shipped (not when it is assembled for use)?
does it work with feline pine or yesterdays news
What are the dimensions of the actual opening/flap area? i.e. my 15# Maine Coon needs to be able to fit through this door comfortably. Thank you for the help!
Can any cat in the house GO OUT the door without a a chip or disc on their collar?
I want to put in metal garage door. would this work. only one thin layer of metal?
does it have a time to keep cat in at nite
what size do i order for my 7 lb chihuahua?
can my bull terrier fit his muzzle into the grooves
Is this product made in China? If not, where is it imported from?
Can anyone tell me why this one (more expensive than others on Amazon) is better than another? Anyone own more than one type of slow feeder? Thanks!
How hard is it to clean (crumbs, saliva, dust, fur) out of all those crevices? I don't have a dishwasher.
dimensions please?
Can a Labrador manage with a mini or is it too small?
Would this work for a cat eating Dry Kibble?
Can you use with an elevated feeder?
how does it keep the dog from lifting it up and turning it over in a dump all over the floor? My lab has learned to do this with other feeders.
I have a teacup chihuahua that weighs 4 lbs....would this be small enough?
how big is small
What exact size is this collar in inches? Like does it fit a Cats neck thats 4 -7 inches around?
I have a yorkie and she is so small do u think this collar is the rights size
Will this fit a jack russell?
How long is it in inches?
I have a three pound 4 month old maltipoo, would this be too rough? How about too big?
My dog is about 10-11 lbs. She's a JRT/Rat terrier.Will it be too big for her?
Can the intensity of the shock be adjusted?
I just received this collar in the mail and it is NOT WORKING! The collar light works and the remote light but that is all! I have tried everything!
can you use multiple collars and remotes in the same house? I don't want to press one remote and shock 3 dogs at the same time.
I did not receive the instruction sheet with my order, where can I find instructions for this?
How does the receiver attach to the collar and what are the differences in the metal electrodes. The instructions are so vague
Does it work with vibration only? How many levels of vibration are there?
have a warranty?
can you use vibration alone? how many vibration levels? Thx
it does not say what thickness or glass it can be used on. i have .5 or .75. anyone have the same lr thicker please update
Is this the same as the "Float-400"
How often should you replace the scraper?
How thick is it? I have some rock kinda close to the glass &amp; wonder if it will fit.
Does this have a bottom? Can it be used indoors? Thank you.
Could multiple sets be purchased and put together to accommodate a larger number of chicks?
What is the height of the panels?
I see quite a few people put it in a kiddie pool. What size pool?
Where is this product made
How can I use it inside my house? Why is your product so expensive? Why does your product only get 3 1/2 stars?
I have two dogs that weigh 105 lbs and 75 lbs. I can only afford one bed. Does anyone know if the large size would be big enough for my big dog?
Are replacement covers available? I wash the cover every week and it would be a lot easier to have spare to swap with instead of using just one.
my dog specificaly luvs the feel &amp; touch of 500 thread count kool white sheets. for hot humid Texas weather does the bed hav white sheet fittings?
having a hard time on if i should get one with a pillow or no pillow any advice or sugesstions?
why is the cost so significanty between the x-large and the giant? There isn't the same increase between the other sizes?
my dog specificaly luvs the feel &amp; touch of 500 thread count kool white sheets. for hot humid Texas weather does the bed hav white sheet fittings?
having a hard time on if i should get one with a pillow or no pillow any advice or sugesstions?
How durable is the zipper and is it well hidden to prevent chewers from breaking it and getting to the foam?
My dog likes to scratch the cover to make his nest. Will this cover resist the scratching? He's a 115 lb. pit/corso mix.
What is the density of the foam layers?
what are measurements past the bolster?
Does fur stick to this cover, and if so, how easy is it to shake off the cover before putting in the washing machine?
Does this bed have memory foam?
The description says pillow top but picture does not show a pillow, so what way is it please?
my dog specificaly luvs the feel &amp; touch of 500 thread count kool white sheets. for hot humid Texas weather does the bed hav white sheet fittings?
my dog specificaly luvs the feel &amp; touch of 500 thread count kool white sheets. for hot humid Texas weather does the bed hav white sheet fittings?
my dog specificaly luvs the feel &amp; touch of 500 thread count kool white sheets. for hot humid Texas weather does the bed hav white sheet fittings?
Is it American made?
What do mean....too powerful for smaller dogs?
Kirby is a 115 lb corso/pit mix. He is a nester. Will the cover hold up to his scratching?
Why is this bed twice as expensive as the highly rated USA made, excellent foam layer Dogonit bed? Is it the foam height? 7" vs 4"? or headrest?
What size for a 98 pound goldendoodle? He's having knee surgery so wont be allowed up on the couch for a while-- buying this as a substitute.
what is the length past the bloster?
I have a 30 lb beagle; saw they are making smaller beds (on website) Can't decide b/Ween Med and Lg. Would Lg's foam be too stiff?
I have a senior German Shorthaired Pointer around 39 pounds. Would this bed be too big for her?
How easy is it to move around? Is it heavy?
My dog weighs 47 pounds... What size should I get?
I am really impressed with the comments on your bed. I live in LA and have a Labradoodle that i keep in a "puppy cut".Do I need to worry about heat
i am wonderding what will be the size of packaging for this bed? because i will have DHL to ship the bed to my country.
I have 2 labrador retrievers, 55-65 lbs, and I'm trying to figure out what size to get for them to share. Please let me know what size you recommend.
Does the bed compress for travel? I am going on a road trip and looking for a bed or mat I can take with me but large enough for 2 big dogs.
Is the fabric durable enough for great dane's long nails?
Will the Xlarge be big enough for 140 lb st bernard?
Can I buy replacement covers or a cover to swap out when one is in the wash?
I have a 50 pound dog and a 100 pound dog will they both fit on the giant?
my dog specificaly luvs the feel &amp; touch of 500 thread count kool white sheets. for hot humid Texas weather does the bed hav white sheet fittings?
my dog specificaly luvs the feel &amp; touch of 500 thread count kool white sheets. for hot humid Texas weather does the bed hav white sheet fittings?
Has anyone used this in a crate? My dog likes a bed that is more bowl shaped, would a 150lb Dane "sink" into this enough for it to wrap around her?
my dog specificaly luvs the feel &amp; touch of 500 thread count kool white sheets. for hot humid Texas weather does the bed hav white sheet fittings?
Is the fabric waterproof or does it have a waterproof cover I can buy separately?
can we purchase a replacement cover for this product?
shipping demisions of package? im limited on sizes of box due to over seas Government mail system
i have a mastiff who has skin issues and he smells. I am worried about the bed absorbing orders
Does your dog use the headrest?
Does the bed have a zippered, removable cover so that the cover can be washed?
I have a large dog who nests / fluffs / has to make things just perfect.... will this cover hold up to the abuse?
Does anyone know the breed of the dog pictured on this bed? I rescued a dog that looks just like this many years ago and don't know his breed.
My dog is a 85lbs five year old golden retriever. Which size should I buy for him?
Does this bed plug in
my dog specificaly luvs the feel &amp; touch of 500 thread count kool white sheets. for hot humid Texas weather does the bed hav white sheet fittings?
Why buy this instead of buying a 4 inch mem foam matress topper and then folding it over for an 8 inch thick dog bed? What makes this better?
does this bed ship full size or is it squished flat when it arrives?
O.K., I ordered a XL bed with headrest but had to return I was sent a Large instead. Does the 10 warranty apply if bought on Amazon??
I have a 65lb mutt mix.She is lean&amp;all muscle, pit like body, and likes to stretch out when she can. Should I get a large or XL?
I have two pit mixes, one is about 57lbs and the other is around 47lbs. Could they share an xl sized bed?Will be too much support for the smaller one?
Has anyone actually removed the cover and washed it? I have a totally different brand and the foam is stuck to the cover and I am unable to wash it.
I have a rescue greyhound should I get a x-large or giant?
Did anyone buy the Giant size? My Pyrenees is a snuggler, but doesn't like getting up on the sofa. Can we both fit on the Giant size?
Is there anyway to get an extra bed cover for 7" Pillow Top Orthopedic Dog Bed XL size Headrest Edition in Khaki? Would very much appreciate it!
Has anyone had problems with their dog getting hot while sleeping on this bed? I have a German Shepherd and worry this will hold heat in.
Will an XL be ok for a French mastiff?
I'm about to get a German Shepard puppy who will certainly grow into this bed. But do you think he will feel lost in it until he grows up?
I have a 12 year old great dane. (1) will old dog w long legs be able to stand up? (2) does cover hold up?current bed 48Lx36W, xlarge should work?
Do dogs like beds with the bolster more than the other without?
is there anything that covers the foam like a waterproof plastic covering to prevent smelly body fluids from ruining the foam?
What is the max rating listed on this bed
my dog specificaly luvs the feel &amp; touch of 500 thread count kool white sheets. for hot humid Texas weather does the bed hav white sheet fittings?
having a hard time on if i should get one with a pillow or no pillow any advice or sugesstions?
can you use a regular bulb? or does it have to be a halogen bulb?
Some reviewer said that this halogen mini dome comes with a dimmer switch but I can't find it?
dose it include a bulb?
Is there any difference between this and the catmate other than the significantly cheaper price?
What is the warranty
Can the plastic bowl be removed? My cat is allergic to plastics.
Show me the instructions
where is this item manufactured
What is the minimum kibble size for this feeder? The cat mate c3000 is hard to find and they are asking $150 for them. This is $100 cheaper.
I have changed batteries several times and reinserted them several times , it still does not work. I've held the time button as directed 5 seconds, t
Does installing in a metal door interfere with reading the RFID chip?
Does this model work with the ID chips already implanted in my cats? If not, do you have a model that does work with the VET ID tags?
can this be programed to allow a cat to go out and come in only with the chip, while not allowing another cat to go out
Doe this have the ability to lock them at night on a timer and let them out in the morning to come &amp; go (w/o worrying about the microchip as a key)?
Can I buy the "cat mate elite super selective microchip &amp; id disc cat flap part code 355" through Amazon?
How close does the cat need to be to the door for the tag to work? Sometimes my cats stay near the door if there are intruder animals like racoons.
Will this let my cat go in and out of his litter box room while keeping my small dog out?
The description says, "Cut out Size 6.5"W x 7.5"H Dia 9". What does it mean by Dia 9"?
Has anyone been able to get this to work with the HomeAgain chips?
Will installing this within 1-2 inches of a wall power outlet cause any issues with the RFID sensor?
are there any dog related illnesses or deaths connected to these treats
My email to u will not go thru.I wanted the free j, treats as Ihave already written 5 STAR review Amazon will not let me write another.with 4 dogs fr
Are these treats relatively soft? One of our dogs doesn't have many teeth so cannot eat anything that's really "chewy". Thank you
Are the chickens used to make these treats given any kind of hormones or antibiotics?
can these treats be cut easily so they work for 4 lb. dogs. do you make them in a smaller size?
I have a small dog. How long does the product last in the refrigerator after opening?
WHERE IS IT MADE IN? THANKS!
how do they go potty?
How do you start putting it on?
can my puppy wear this while she pees or does number 2?
i have a 5 pound yorkiepoo what size should i get?
Hi I was wondering if there was a way to do faster shipping? 17-28 days is a long time to wait for a coat for my littl one.
How do you put this on, if it doesn't have velcro straps, etc. - is it one piece? Does it fasten under the belly?
Does this product have a slit in the back for a harness ring to come through to clip to leash?
I have a 3 lb tea cup chihuahua. Which size should I buy?
What size should I order for my 6.5 lb minature shih tzu?
How much would it cost to send 3 of these to Australia?
will this fit a teacup yorkies
I have a shitzu, she is 8 pounds what size should i get?
I have a long hair chihuahua, would this little cloths fit?
Will this fit a small 15 lb Doxie?
My dog is small/medium, poodle mix and weights 24 pounds. He pulls like a husky. Would this size be workable for a dog this size?
Is this the large size of the small size?
Will this fit a 90lb dog?
will this work on a small dog between 10-15 lbs? he is a brussels griffon breed.
Did this leash come with a collar, as shown in the ad???
Can this one be used for a large medium and large dog. I have two dogs one is about 35lbs but pulls very hard and my other is about 60lbs. can I use
Is this available for tiny (7 lb.) dogs?
How would this work with a very strong dog who lunges? She has a violent prey instinct to kill cats.
Is it the small or large one?
do you have to spray in their face or just in the air?
do you have to shake can first before spraying?
What ingredients are in the spray?
We have racoons, panthers, and bears in our area. Would this work for wild animals?
How many doses does a can supply?
Can this be used for cats???
What are the ingredients?
Does anyone know the volume of water this jar actually holds?
What is the dimensions and weight of the packaging(incl product)? thanks!
I really like my no clean aquarium and my blue betta is very happy. But it is starting to get cold, is there a heater that will fit?
i really want to get a betta fish but the only thing that i am concerned about is i have 2 cats can it easily be knocked over or gettin into by cats?
Can you put a gold fish in this?
Can gold fish be placed in this tank?
do u have specific led lights and decorative Plants for this ?
how many gallons
Does it come with a cover? I have a cat at home.
Can anyone tell me what to do with the plastic mesh thing? Instructions are terrible, I am so frustrated with this stupid thing :(
Someone complained about no hole to add a heater. Can you add a heater or is it not necessary with this small a tank? Thanks so much!
Is the lid cat-proof?
Does this tank spec 3 have an adjustable flow knob for the water output? Does it work I dont want a strong flow and I dont want to make something
Is this tank made of glass?? Not acrylic?
Is the pump pressure adjustable?
can you use this tank for goldfish?
Will a ZooMed Betta Log (floating) fit in this tank?
Does it have a top (we have cats)? About how many small fish max can you put in? Would glow fish live in here? Thanks!
How does the filter work? I see a grate at the top of the back wall and a slit lower. How does the water reach the pump chamber?
Is this aquarium safe for African Dwarf Frogs?
how much water does it hold
I dont see a way to set up filtration and heater. If so this is very bad for the fish. it is a very common misconception about bettas.
Is there a space big enough to add small decorations inside? I particularly want to stick a leaf hammock in it for my betta to rest on.
how often do you have to clean it?
is this product diluted? HOW IS IT APPLIED? HOW LONG DOES IT TAKE TO WORK
what is the difference between the yellow and green Nok Out oproducts?
My old bottle of Nok Out had "Hospital Disinfectant" printed within a small yellow circle on the front label - is this same product?
Can this be used in the washer to remove a heavy cigaret smell that remains after an initial washing. I guess I would need the yellow label.
I read ths works for mold in a washing machie? is this true?
Would Nok-Out work to clean mold/mildew from the exterior and/or roofs of buildings? That is such a recurring difficult problem here in south Louisiana.
Concerned product could freeze during delivery. If it did,would it still be effective? Please don't guess. I need to know.Too expensive for guessing.
After using the Nok-Out does the carpet still light up with a black light?
Does Nok-Out have a slight blue color? I am trying to figure out what a cleanup crew used on my basement that worked so well.
$9.23 for one bag or three bags
so is this just one bag or three bags?
what ingredient in these treats actually does anything for their teeth?
I just opened a bag to let my guy try. They were so hard he couldn't chew them. Are they supposed to be that hard?
does this include all 3 varieties?
It looks like the only thing that makes it dental is the texture, no enzymes right?
I couldn't find a size (length) for this one, and also the weight of a dog that can use it. Can anyone help. Thanks
Does this unit fold for storage?
So my 35 and 45lb cattle dogs will fit this treadmill correct?
Is the incline adjustable?
are you able to set the speed or is it automated?
Does it close solidly aginst bad weather?
Can this be locked at times to not let pet out. Can it be locked to let pet in but not out.
What is the actual dimension of the flap opening? I have a 15 pound dog.
Does this door come with any RFID Collar Tags? Thanks!
I have a barely 3 pound Yorkie.... Is he big enough to push open the door?
Does this door work for medium to large dogs?
Hi. Does the flap open on the side with the controls or the side that is on the exterior of the house? Thanks! :)
How close does the cat need to be before the door registers it?
Can it be installed in a metal door?
I am planning on buying the pet door and tunnel extender as I am putting this in a wall. Under what circumstances would I need the mounting adapter?
what is the animal weight range for this carrier?
Is the Bergen large pink same exact quality and bag as Bergen Mossy Oak large carrier?
bought a cat carrier &amp; is way to small for my cat. I have a 15-20 pound cat that has medium length hair. do ya'll think my cat will fit and have room?
I have ferrets who can escape any tiny hole anywhere. Do you think this would be secure enough to keep them from finding a way out?
what is the size?
Does this attach to the wand for DaBird toys?
what country is this imported from? china?
How long,wide,deep is it?
Is it possible to bake this into homemade treats or does that negate the effect of the digestive enzymes?
How many doses in a container?
how long before I see a difference in loose stool?
Does anyone know the shelf-life after it has been opened? Should I store in the fridge? Would like to buy larger size but use only 1 tsp./day
What does the product look like? I'm wanting one that is a fine, white powder. (Some I've seen are greenish and granular like sand or corn meal!)
What is the expiration date?
What is the expiration date?
is this plant based
Will this enhance the flavor of dog food? My dogs are picky eaters :(
Recieved product and seal was broken. When opened, the inside seal was also open. I do not feel that this is safe to give to my pets. I am very disappointed. What do you recommend? My pets are now out of the product. They have been on it for several...
would like to know what is in it
is this product made and produced in the USA? Where is it processed and by whom is it manufactured by? Thank you.....
Is this for small dogs-14 lbs.?
What flavor are these? I've purchased some that are liver flavor &amp; my dog hates them. The odor is unbelievable. It fills the room.
Is there any chicken or chicken byproduct in this chew?
Does this come with the indoor catch basin also?
what is the difference between the Porch Standard Potty and the Porch Potty Premium?
what are the dimensions?
have they fixed the drain?
what size is this?
Does this smell?
Length, width, and depth in inches
i have a beagle and he can chow or destroy any thing , is this can be easily distorted or eaten ?coz he did it with the loo pad and its nearly into pics now
If you train your puppy to this first thing, will it still potty outside?
Would this be good for a French bulldog about 25 pounds? He poops A LOT!
What size to buy?
My cat is only 12 pounds, but she's kind of chunky. Should I get large or medium?
Is there a hook to attach a leash? I might have to take the cat out of the carrier while going through airport screening.
Do they have Xlarge? Our large male Maine Coon is 23 lbs!
how warm is it?
I am looking to buy this for my cat because of excessive grooming. Does it completely cover the cat's lower stomach? This is his problem area.
My cat chest and belly is about 20 upper chest to belly and 21 in the lower flubber (lower belly area) will this fit him? SIZE LARGE
My cat chest and belly is about 20 upper chest to belly and 21 in the lower flubber (lower belly area) will this fit him? PLEASE repLY
Kathleen M said 19# kitty, is this size large?
will this work to help a cat stop attacking our other cats and peeing when he is "mad at us"?
It says three-position power switch: day, night and moon glow, the one I got has 3 position but middle is off, so where is the night position.
Does this light work with a timer?
can anyone tell me thickness (height) excluding the end hardware, brackets etc.?
what is the difference between this light and an Aqueon Modulare LED 48 inch fixture?
does this unit come with a factory installed timer
Can i use this on a tank that does not have a glass cover?
do i have to buy the bulbs for the blue noonlight?
Does light leak into the room?
So, is this more of a general light, or a light that can be used for plants as well?
is the moon glow separate or is it included? Do you have to buy another LED tube for the moon glow to work
What is the overall length of the lamp?
What are the color of the bulbs on the size 48 inch version. I am looking for something that will stimulate plant growth.
How many watts?
why do the led lights from colormax say 48" on the top of the box, yet if you scroll down, it says for a 20" Aqueon modular led aquarium light?
what would cause the day light setting to blink like a strode light . I have been using it for about 11 months
Has anyone tried this on a planted tank? If it works, how many, and what type, bulbs do you use?
It mentioned the legs are adjustable - how so? Could I install this across an 18-inch-wide tank? How about a 24-inch?
is this light dimable
How many watts is the single bulb?
If I buy two additional bulbs which ones do I buy? blue, white, or colormax? Thank you!
can i purchase transformer only
If adding additional LED strips, is this compatible with other brands of LED strip lighting?
How many watts is the bulb that's included?
Does anyone have corals in their tank, using this light?
What hood/glass did you guys use to put this on?
Will this be good for a 30 gallon fish tank I want to add plants to it will I need a 2nd light for plants Aqua Culture Aquarium Starter Kit, 29 Gallon
how many k is the led bulb included and how many watts is it also?
Will 18" florescent bulbs fit this fixture? The kind that fit in light strips
Can this light use in Malaysia is 230/240 volts?
Are you able to use each of the three lamp assemblies individually?
How far do the legs adjust to either side?
I have open top acrylic tank..will I need to put a cover over the top? Light housing now is enclosed.
Can each bulb be turned on independently or do they all use one on/off switch?
hi, trying to decide buying this one versus the marineland double LED. any suggestions would be greatly appreciated.
Does this come with the lamps (bulbs) or are they purchased seperately? Aqueon Modular LED Aquarium Lighting System, 41" L X 2.75" W X 5.625" H
Can you use other non-LED lights with this fixture? I would like to install lights that give of UV-B light.
Can Someone explain how the Moonlight works? Is it included in the LED bulb i get?
what is the exact measurement of the light and the bulbs?...I am reading about a 41 inch version but cant really find it. My current flourescents are 36" long, but I have room for a 41" fixture. Its a 92 corner tank so it's a little odd any help would...
So,it can fit up to 3 bulbs (1 with unit and 2 with additional purchase),but,are there controls for each seperate bulb?
What is the warranty on this fixture?
Can I replace my hood lighting with led kighting
Can the Mounting legs be removed? I have an aquaeon hood that could fit this Fixture in the middle but i need to know if the legs are removable.
My light fixture &amp; hood is 36 in incandescent. Could I simply remove the fixture (as it's removable) and replace it with this LED one? Will it fit?
I am looking for something like this for my outdoor rabbits...how warm does the pad get? (temp seems to be missing from the listed specs.)
Does it come with an extra microwave so I don't have to put the cattaminated pad back in my real microwave?
Does the pad come with the flannel cover as shown in the customer photos. I've had this in my cart for awhile and the merchant images have changed.
Can it be heated in water too?
What size is this? It says 5x1x5....the other snuggle safe is larger. Is 5x1x5 accurate?
Anyone have an idea how long/how many times this pad will work? Does it "wear out" over time and fail to heat?
Has anyone heated this successfully and safely using a method other than the microwave? (Oven, boiling water....) Thanks!
I am wondering if this product would be good for when I take my reptile to the vet to help keep it warm? How hot does this get?
How big is this pad, really? Amazon says 5" but a reviewer said it was 11 in.
My microwave does not have a turntable. Would it be ok to manually turn the disk as it is heating?
Hi, Is this product 100% DE or does it have other ingredients in it?
Isn't this the same stuff you buy at pool supply stores to add to your pool fiter to activate it? It's like 25 lbs for $30.00.
What is the anti-caking agent and what percentage of the entire content does it comprise?
The Title says its 12 pounds of DE, however in the photo the label says "6 pounds". Do you receive one 12 pound bag, or two 6 pound bags?
What about its impact on roaches? how do i apply for the rach ppulation
Is the red bagged litter flushable also?
I'm looking for NO dust. How good is this one for dust?
I have an ultra-large litter box and one cat. Better to use a little at a time or dump the whole bag into it?
Is there really a difference between the multi cat and the regular? I only have 1 cat. But for some reason, the multi cat is cheaper!
Is this litter in pellet shape or in tiny particles like the clay litter? Is it soft to walk on and for the cat to paw at or hard?
Does it track much? Currently using a synthetic variety of litter, but although it doesn't track, it doesn't absorb urine well either.
Does this clump similar to the Green bag formula? I flush this and now, I may have ordered the wrong kind. I ordered the green bag Is it Flushable?
For World's Best users who've also tried Swheat Scoop, how does it compare on odor control? And clumping? Swheat Scoop not doing well for our big cat.
Can anyone explain why the red bag is $10.00 more than the purple/blue bag. It appears they are both multi-cat.
I have 4 cats and 4 litter boxes. How much litter would I need to buy and how long would it last?
is this the price of a case of 1.74 lb item
What country are these manufactured in?
Is this price for (2) packages?
is this cardboard?
Can this toy be used with cats?
Would this work with non-standard treats (broken up dehydrated anchovies (he gets sick from standard treats)), or do the treats need to roll? Also, if a 16+ pound cat sits or lays on this, will it hold up?
How does it work with two cats who get along with each other or should I get two of them?
I have a Maine Coon, (beautiful) a shelter cat that is declawed. Could she maneuver this?
One of my two cats likes to bite and chew paper and cardboard. Will this toy last with him?
I have a very aggressive kitten who needs play other than chewing on me. He's about 1 lb. now. Will this hold up to him as he grows?
Do cats abandon the box when the treats are finished? Does the maze keep a cat from getting them out too quickly?
Is this a toy you could easily make for yourself, or is it worth buying it?
Will this work with live mice instead of treats? (I have a couple of really rambunctious Savannahs.)
Can be used outdoors on a porch???
Does this have an auto shut off?
does this heating pad works for baby parakeets
How long does this product remain warm? Is there an automatic shutoff after a certain amount of time?
How long is the electrical cord? Do you use an extension cord? We would use the unit in our garage, not sure if heater cord will be long enough.
Can I place it under by 2gal Betta bowl.
Is it compatible with 200V?
How have you guys washed this? Is it washer and dryer able?
what is the wattage draw ?
Is cord wrapped to prevent chewing?
I would like to use these to protect our labs from sharp rocks in the water. Will they work and stay on for rigorous swimming and fetching?
how do you measure the paws to get the right size?
Are they difficult for dogs to pull off with their teeth?
Protect against foxtails?
Will these work to keep an old dog from slipping on a tile floor? And can they stay on feet for a week?
size chart
I have a 5-year-old Alaskan Klee Kai. Any idea what size boots I should buy for him? I'm thinking Small...
do you measure front and back feet?
I take my labrodoodle to an Adult Day Care. I worry that his nails will scratch someone even though I keep them trimmed. Would these help?
Do these help to actually keep the dog's feet warm?
Which is less likely to leak? 33oz Lixit or the colorful licker option? I recently had the larger 44 oz Lixit and it leaked, so don't want that one!
Does this stand accommodate the 32 oz. GLASS lixit bottle?
Do you think a 75 lb dog will be able to drink from the tallest setting? Or still too short? Can another bottle be attached on the back?
Some of the product listing state, "does not include Lixit bottle ring".. what is that exactly and do we need to order one?
Dumb question: do these come with the bottle (assuming not since it isn't shown in the photo) and what bottle do you recommend?
how to grap the lixit bottle? if the bottle fall down?
What is the height of the nozzle at the different placement holes?
can it hold glass water bottles
Will this fit a 16'(width) X 19'(length) X 6'(height) litter pan?
Will these fit a normal JUMBO box?
Are these the same product as in the photo (Fresh Kitty Jumbo Super Thick 36" x 19" x 2.0 Mil Drawstring Liners)?
How do you get an 80 count when the photo shows boxes of 15each?
What is the diameter and length of the perch?
Width of pan?
Is this big enough for a Blue and Gold Macaw ?
From Floor to Roost bar, what is the measurement? Can this be sprayed off with water? Or, would rust be an issue? Thanks!
When your birds poop, does it stay within the tray? I have a macaw that I'd like to have in my den at times, but it's carpeted.
We have a perch now that is too flexible and makes my macaw nervous, is this one sturdy?
At what height is the perch and what is the diameter of the tray?
Is this hard to pull on plus carpeting?
How easy is the bottom tray to clean? How do you?
How big inch wise is the perch?
About how many strips per package? About how many calories per strip?
How are they prepared? Are they dehydrated, or freeze-dried, or what?
Hi what is the other ingriedient or ingredients ? My dogs are on grain free diet, so appreciate any help
Are the chicken strips in any of the stores in Virginia?
Hi, now that the government is allowing China to send chicken to USA, my concern is the chicken you use? are they actually sourced from USA &amp; natural?
Any chance they will come in a bigger bag? Both of my dogs love them!
what is the fat content on the chicken strips?
Does it have a pad?
Does this come with a shoulder strap?
Is the steel inside the kennel flexible? even just a bit?
Could anyone tell me how much the small 20 X 14" crate weighs? I plan to fly with it in my suitcase so lightweight is important. Thanks!
Has anyone used this carrier on Delta/ airlines? I'm looking to get the small (20x14x14). Will it be approved? Thanks!
set up
set up
When fully collapsed, what are the dimensions of the medium size kennel?
Could the top and sides be squeezed to fit under an airline seat 9" high and 14' wide?
Does this open from both the end and the side?
We did not receive assembly instructions. The bars seem simple but we cannot get them connected. How?
Which is the best size for a typical cat?
How hard/durable/solid is the base? Could I stack one over the other on a cart without the bottom one collapsing under the weight of the top one?
is there a divider that can be used with this type crate?
Is there any way to secure this to a seatbelt in a car for travel?
Does it have a pad?
Does this come with a shoulder strap?
Is the steel inside the kennel flexible? even just a bit?
Could anyone tell me how much the small 20 X 14" crate weighs? I plan to fly with it in my suitcase so lightweight is important. Thanks!
Has anyone used this carrier on Delta/ airlines? I'm looking to get the small (20x14x14). Will it be approved? Thanks!
set up
set up
could you fit more then one full grown guinea pig in this cage?
Are the gaps in the cage small enough to keep a cat from reaching in and getting a claw death-hold on a rabbit?
How far apart are the bars spaced?
Does it have a wire rack bottom separating animal from debrie.
what are the dimensions on this cage?
what are the dimensions of the cage?
how many guniea pigs can you fit into this one cage?
Is this suitable for hedgehog?
Is this cage big enough for 2 adult guinea pigs?
i know this may sound stupid but how many feet is this case in length and height
Does this model have/include the safety clasp that's advertised? I ordered the black one TWICE and neither product had the clasp.
Is this particular model adjustable?
I have a 31lb mini Shar Pei. Just looking for something better than carrying her for short distances in my arms. Will this work? She is calm.
Will a 23lb dog fit comfortable in it?
Is this one good for a 3 lb yorkie?
Sand gray? Does that mean the tan one pictured or the gray.. sand is usually tan... and in the pictures it looks more like 2 women w beige &amp; brown....
Is this particular model adjustable?
Do you think my Dachshund would fit comfortably in the sling? He is 15 lbs and 17" from his shoulders to his hind end.
Is this electric plug in or battery operated?
Need the instructions, took apart and I don't know where all the pieces go now. Help!
Is it plastic?
Is it really quiet? I bought a pet fountain with a pump and the noise was intrusive, much like a very noisy aquarium.
Is the base large enough for a big dog (70 pound boxer) or is this more geared towards cats?
will this product work with the UK electric or is this USA only?
Do you still end up with slime?
Does this model have the uv filtration?
can i use if outside US? where i live we use 220V
I ditched my last two fountains, (other brands), because cleaning them was very difficult and time-consuming. What about this one?
Is it noisy? The last one I bought and noisy and my little timid cat would not use it. :(
has there been any model change/redesign in the past year ? What is the differencebetween the deluxe and premium model, the UV light?
How is this item powered? Does it use batteries or AC power? Where do I get replacement charcoal filters?
anyone ever had to replace the UV light? mine went out, i don't see replacements for it on amazon.
When I refilled my unit the water kept flowing and flowing. I don't know what to do. At this point I can't plug it in.
One of the reviewers said something about brushes. Exactly which brushes? Do they fit thru the tubing? Do the brushes scratch the tubing?
Anyone one know how to get a replacement for the white spongy "filter" that sits in front of the charcoal filter?
I need to replace the uv light in the natureSPA premium pet fountain?
what is it made from?
I see the dimensions, but which is the height of the fountain?
What are the measurements? My dog is 12" from neck to tail, what size do I need?
M y dog is 14 inches long and chest is 22 AROUND what size do i get med or large. please explain.. LHASA APSO DOG 7 YRS OLD.
Does this plum sweater for dog have leg straps
Does anyone use this as a pet vacuum? I'm interested in vacuuming my boxer on a regular basis (she loves it) to keep the shedding to a minimum.
Would this dryer work to blow out the undercoat of a husky?
Can this dryer be used as a crate dryer?
While I understand that this is mainly a pet dryer and a utility vacuum, I am wondering if it would work to remove loose dog hair from rugs?
Is this unit powerful enough to blow out light matting before clipping the fur or do I need a 4HP unit?
DOES THIS UNIT RUN OFF A 110 OUTLET?
I just sent a dryer w 2 heat Settings back due to it blowing actual glowing embers out on my dog. Does this dryer seem to overheat at any point.
How do you go from blow drying to vacum?
Can I use the vacuum feature for daily grooming on my cats? I was considering this verses a shop vac because the shop vac would be loud.
Does anyone know how many watts this dryer has?
What size of pump should i use to get full effect?
Is this to much light for a 10 gallon Aquarium?
are these 12v DC lights ran off a 110v AC to12v DC inverter?
Can I purchase 3, and connect them all together? (Mostly concerned about the air.) Thanks- GrayBeard
How do the leds get power? Is it battery? If so, how long do the batteries last?
is there a warrenty on this item and if so, what is it?
how long is the power cord? is it long enough for a 75 gallon tank?
Can you run the bubbler without the lights? Is there a light on/off while maintaining the bubbler function?
Is there a grate covering the sliding tray? I want to use it for a large parrot and don't want him walking in his poop. Thanks.
I am waiting for my crate to arrive but wanted to get stronger locks in the mean time. Can you please provide me with the dimensions of the locks?
What is the weight of this cage as I am going to be carrying it to dog events. Not the shipping weight, but the actual weight of the kennel.
Do you sell a comfy pad that fits this crate?
Is the wire floor that is above the tray comfortable for the dog? Do their paws bother them when standing?
Is it painted?
My 50 lb Belg Malinois needs all sides to only have the smaller holes. Midwest has made large "escape" holes on the bottom. Is this crate the same?
how much does this crate wiegh ?
My Alaskan Malamute has broken out of his cage once again. Will this keep a determined dog in? He's 85lbs. How's the warranty?
How much does this crate weigh?
What is the weak link with the lights? Is it the transformer, which could be replaced, or are the lights not properly sealed against corrosion? Our lights no longer work.
Why are there so many problems with this? I bought the 21 inch blue led and I am now afraid to install it because if all of the hassle ofremoving it.
can you please tell me what would be the length of the wire running to this unit? also, what is the voltage requirement of this unit?
What is the height of the front wall before the opening for the cat to enter (8", 9" or less)?
How much does this litter box weigh?
my cat is old and sometimes misses the box...will the urine stay in the litter box instead of the floor?
What is the box made of? Also, the single reviewer above is not using the liners. Would not using the liners cause in increased odor and/or warping?
Interested until read about liners. Yuk! But lots of people don't even use them. Just curious what's the point of the liners?
What is the box made of? Also, the single reviewer above is not using the liners. Would not using the liners cause in increased odor and/or warping?
How high is the interior top to bottom
When I read "liner" I think of the plastic kinds like trash bags. Is there an option of putting this type of plastic liner in?
Does the box come with any liners?
Yes...seems there are other cats w/peeing standing up (weird)Does the solve leaking out problem
Does anyone know the size of the plastic tube (diameter) ? I was thinking of attaching a DIY fluidized filter to the top of the sponge filter. Thanks
does it come with an airstone?
So will this slip on the bottom of any filter?
Is this weighted to stay on the bottom?
Does this product come with an airline tube? Also, is this product truly an air pump, or do I have to connect it to one?
I can't find any dimensions, what are the measurements?
How loud is this filter if used with an air pump? Will it disturb your sleep if the fish tank is in your bedroom?
Dows this help add oxygen to the water?
where does the airline tube for the air pump go into this product?
How do I install this into my fish tank?
Amazon reviewer says these transmit parasites to pets. Is that true?
for bearded dragons.. super worms or mealworms? or both? can I keep superworms and mealworms in same container?
There were small beetles, about 1 cm or less, with my shipment of worms. What are they and should I worry?
How big are the worms size wise?
If I order, I am concerned that the worms will be outside in the cold freezing mailbox. Will they survive?
Aren't Superworms and Giant Mealworms the same insect? Which is more nutritious for reptiles?
What is the recommended care and feeding for maintaining healthy worms for the long haul?
What makes these works "Super"?
I like to breed meal worm for my Chicken, is this size good for breed if not which size are you recommended
Can you ship to Canada?
Has anyone "modified" this bowl to allow more water in? I see complaints that it doesn't allow enough water. How did you modify it?
how big is this, as in the ounce capacity of the bowl? i have a big dog and would like to know if it will hold enough
would this bowl work with dogs with short noses such as an english bulldog or a pug?
Any tips on how to make less of a mess/spill less when you fill it/turn it over? I feel like I stopped my dog from making a mess, but now cleaning up
We have a small kitchen and frequently kick the dog's old water bowl by accident, making a huge mess. Will this stop human sloppers, too?
Did your dog have any problems adjusting to drinking out of the hole of this bowl? I'm sure if dogs are thirsty they will right? Shih Tzu's are picky
Can you remove the product advertising on the outside of the bowl?
Purchased 2 of these bowls in Aug 2014, the rubber rings on the bottom no longer stay on and now it the bowls are leaking. Is this a known problem?
Does this bowl fit into an elevated feeder? I was looking for the circumference but couldn't find it.
How well does this bowl work for cats?
Is this good for a dog who's power is in it's back legs? Like a pit bull?
I did purchase a horgan harness and found it did work for my pulling problem. However the cord at shoulders quickly frayed. I did sent it back and the cord was replaced. It quickly happened again. I wondering if you have change the material to...
Does this only work when the dog is on a leash? We have a problem with the dog jumping at counters and people when she is off leash.
How do I determine what size to order? I have 48 pound dogs.
Are these collars waterproof or weather proof?
does this go over dogs head as a second collar, or is it something that attaches to there present collar.
is this rechargable
I bought this collar (in blue) from you in January, do you have any other colors of the same brand/style and size?
How long does the battery last in hours?
How do you order the size you need?
how do you get replacement led strips for the collar? somehow my dog destroyed hers in 1 day
I don't see an option to choose a size. Is this a one size fits all?
what is the Spec for battery Plz? i would like to buy spare batteries. the collar is excellent
Is this collar rechargeable or do I need batteries?
Has anyone tried using the moistened towelettes on humans? The description says it is good for humans and pets.
How or what is this product regulated by, what agency? FDA, EPA, ?
Do they have something for cats? Or can this be used on cats?
Hi, we have a corgi, which as you may know has very short legs. My concern is that the handle may not be long enough to walk comfortably with him.
Anybody use this on a basset hound? He has a long torso, and weighs about 60 pounds. Does it bunch up?
I have a lab .. 33-31" around girth .. do you think the 31-120 lb will fit him ?
I'm confused about the sizing. Does one size fit 31-120 pounds? I don't see where you can select a size.
For my 50lb english bulldog 11 yrs, will I need to crouch to walk her with this, and do you think the shape will fit her stocky body well enough?
Can a dog pee with this on, or do you have to take it off? My lab is getting knee surgery tomorrow so wanna make sure he can still be comfortable.
i have a female rottweiler, aprox 70 pounds, i would like to know that it&acute;s fit my dog.
is this harness made in america
We have a 25lb dachshund, We want something to carry him up and down a flight of stairs.
would this, the 31-120 lb., fit a lab with a 31-33" girth ?
Has anyone ever tried to use this regulator with a 20oz CO2 tank (commonly found on paintball guns)? If so, how long will it generally last?
can a timer be hooked up with this unit?
Is the solenoid replaceable
i am in new York what type of tank works with Premium AQUATEK CO2 Regulator. were can i get it?
If i am right this product comes with the plastic bubble counter right? it does not come with the brass one aquatek sells for $20
Can this regulator be used until tank empty. No end of tank CO2 dump that will kill fish?
If I remove the solenoid, will the regulator still function? I ask because I don't plan on using the solenoid and would like to remove it.
Will aquarium airline hose work on this regulator to a diffuser
will it work on 220 volts please help
What is the adjustable working pressure for? What other differences are there between this one and the basic? And is it worth the 10 extra dollars?
what are the dimensions?
What is the size of the dog blanket?
Does this blanket have any exposed string that my dog would be able to chew easily? I once had a dog swallow string and it almost killed her.
What are the dimensions of this blanket?
what is the size of your product???
What is the actual manufacturer of this crate? What are the gauges and are they welded? Also, is it easily collapsable?
Can the dogs toes or paws get stuck in the grate if they move too fast in it?
Is the flooring grid removable and what is the width between the grids?
Can you take the wheels off, and how easy is it for a powerful chewer to do some damage to this? I can't lose another crate due to damage!
what kind of warranty comes with this? i have tried several types of cages for my dog in which she has managed to bend and escape
Maybee a stupid question but does it come with a pump to work it ?
can i use this in a tank in a bed room and can it go on a 30 gal tank? how much room will it take up?
Will this skimmer fit in the back of a 24g nano cube with the hood closed?
will this fit on aquarium with glass lid and 2 inch plastic strip on back of lid
Will this work on a 75 gallon bowfront reef aquarium
What are the bubbles supposed to look like at the top of the collection cup?
Could this product be used to replace an additional marine/salt-water power fileter?
Will this skimmer work in my 12 gallon fluval edge tank?
Can i use with 220v?
i need to know the power input (voltage) of this skimmer. can i use with 220v?
Is this the "Large Size"? Is it really 23 x 20.5 x 10.5 inches? The 10.5 inches measurement seems off.
What happens if you don't clean it every day, like if you leave for the weekend?
What color is this one?
Will litter come out when cleaning if the scoop is not in?
Has anyone used the Tidy Cat Breeze cat box so they can give an opinion as to whether this one is preferable?
Will this only work with large size clumps? I have a kitten who also leaves very small clumps.
What kind of litter needs to be used ?
This item is listed as a dog or cat collar. Is it breakaway?
This pet collar is $23.87 w/all 5* reviews. Same collar w/same manufacturer &amp; seller has 4 bad reviews in 2 other listings. Any ideas why?
Does this collar have a smell? If so, does it go away in time?
I have a 14lb pug that wears a small size collar. Should I buy this product or the size up? Can the collar be adjusted?
I have purchases rhinestone collars for my Maltese Chihuahua mix before and the rhinestones fall out in a couple of days. How does this hold up?
Where are these beds manufactured?
what size is the crate liner?
what are the dimensions
What is the size?
can you use this on a leather coat? the coat fell on the floor and a cat peed on it.
I have been using Fizzion for the last 6 months but my 2 cats keep going back to the same spot and peeing on my hardwood floors not on my carpeted areas just the wood floor. Not everyday but often enough to aggravate me Help!!
can you use this in a carpet shampooer
Does it change the color of dark or light color carpets?
do you just apply this to stain or do you need a machine to extract it out ?
Can this product be used to remove cat poo stains from vinyl or linoleum flooring?
The bottle that is shown everywhere else is a 32 ounce. This is a 23 ounce, making it more concentrated if you use two tablets. Is this a problem?
how is this used? i have a mat the cats have peeed on. Do I have to scrub with this oe do I have to buy a cleaner also?
I thought I saw on cat from hell that this was used on outdoor area where there was dirt and cats were peeing in. Does this work on outside like under decks or stairs where outside cats are going???
We moved in to a mobile home and they had a dog. It smells very sour in the house. Would this product work on just spraying on carpet and clean?
I have a question about the cartridges. Does it require 2 of them and is one carbon and one zeolite or is it carbon and zeolite in the same cartridge.
Can the background picture be removed or changed?
I just bought this aquarium, trying to set it up..but the LEDs are not coming on. Am I missing anything in the installation
Besides betta fish- what other fish would be good /healthy in this tank? Neon tetra's? Small goldfish?
Is 25W heater a good choice for this aquarium? I am considering the Fluval Edge 25W Compact Heater or the Fluval Marina Submersible Heater Mini 25W.
Trouble with installing a heater, I have a compact heater mini 25w. It fits in the back compartment without the suction cup but isn't stable. Ideas?
I am treating my betta with pimafix. It says to remove the carbon when possible. Is it ok to keep the tank running without the cartridges?
Is there an opening on top to set up an automatic feeder?
frogs do good with this?
Would this be a good tank for one goldfish ;-)
Does it fit 2 cats comfortably? Mine are each approximately 8 - 10lbs
how much does this weigh? I have one with the same dimensions and it is 15 pounds. It says it weighs 5 .9 pounds but that is hard to believe
How does this crate attach/secure to the seat of the car?
Does this crate have a strong sturdy bottom so it doesn't sag?
What is the dimensions and what is the maximum weight it can hold?
I need a cat portable carrier. Cats are always scratching and I need to leave my cat unattended. Would you please advice a good model? Thanks for your attention.
What are the dimensions? you don't seem to care for us to know.
Is this big enough for mini doxie?
Does it come with a divider?
Approximately how wide are the spaces between the metal bars? Is it about an inch?
How big of a dog can you fit in this cage?
which dog fits best in this crate? Update: thanks for taking time to answer and leave comments. All were very helpful!
is it big enough for a pit bull
I have a puppy...great dane...will this work for her?
Is it big enough for a pug?
What is the weight limit for the crate?
Can a poodle mix fit in here?
my dog has a 12 inch neck and usually wears a small collar. how long is this collar?
Is there a place to attach a dog tag and a leash?
Anyone knows if Medium is not too big for a dog neck size 12"? Why does the seller gives no measurement?
Is there a hoop to attach a dog tag on this collar?
I want to get this collar for my cat her neck measures 1 1/2" what size collar should I get her M or L?
I have a MINIATURE POODLE about 17 pounds.........should I get medium or small?
my little dogs neck measures 9" so what size should i order?
What size for a 5lb dog for the Pink Velvet Princess rhinestone Pet Dog Cat Collar?
is this collar for a small to med dog? I have a papillion
why do you need a vibration setting in addition to the tone and variable levels of shock? And is the training DVD good?
I want to use it in the house to keep dog from sneaking things from the table. can it be used up close?
Does the transmitter have a belt clip on the back of it?
Does it come with the remote and docking station for charging?
Does the collar work automatically up to a certain range or do you have to be watching the dog and correct it.
is this collar for a small to med dog? I have a papillion
Does this collar shock or just vibrate? I need to know cause vibrate doesn't work on my pup
are the remote and collar rechargeable and if so is charger provided
Is there a separate button for sound/vibrate/shock?
Hi, I have a huge dog. Need to travel by airplan, and need a biggest box ever. My dog is 95cm height and 105cm length. Do you have a box for this dog?
Would the X-large be an appropriate size for a 78 pound Great Pyre?
can't find the size/dimensions of this crate. My dog is 75 lbs. Please recommend the right size. thanks
Hi, I have an older German Shepard mix that has extreme seperation problems. Will she be able to get out and will she get hurt if she trys?
Can you fly with this crate. Most airlines will NOT allow you to use a collapsable crate
My Pit has to fly in a reinforced crate now. Do your crates meet the new airline standards for that? It sounds like they do but I want to make sure.
Some airlines say they do not permit collapsible crates. Would that eliminate your crate for consideration or are they talking about some other kind?
Is this crate made in America, and what is the warranty
Do you make a collapsible XXL size crate?
are these crates IATA CR82 compliance??
what are the dimensions???
On the Impact website it says the weight is 44 lbs and dimensions are 35"L x 25"W x 29"H ?? Can someone please check for me it is important it fit
Is this airline IATA/USDA approved?
Can you provide a video and show how it collapses?
Hi, I was wondering if the Large crate would be good for a 65lb. pitbull?
Is this crate airline approved?
Do you ship to Military APO address?
does this crate comply with the IATA 82 Standard
Can these crates also safely double as a grooming table for 70 lb. dogs?
Anyone tried using it for 2 dogs at once. They would be supervised at all times.
Will this stake work for the beach?
How long is the stake..?
Would this work for chihuahuas or is the cable too heavy? Thanks.
I have a Great Dane &amp; a German Shepard, will this hold them running around playing?, will they get tangled??
I also want to know about using this for two dogs? Can someone from the company please answer? They are two Chihuahuas, both about 5 pounds. Thanks!
How long is the lead
Could it be used during the winter or would the plastic crack or any other problem you can see with winter use?
Does it work on leather?
Have you improved your rivets? I noticed people recommend buying your own and I don't want to have to do that.
What is the height of the letters. Would 12 numbers fit if the are no less than 1/4 inch high?
Would this work on a standard 3/4" wide Lupine collar? I'm not sure how thick they are.
Would this tag look good on a cat collar as well?
Hi, I just ordered and forgot to enter my personalization in the gift message section. What do I do now?
Hi there - Can I order replacement rivets?
Can these be re-used on new collars or harnesses?
What are the size dimensions?
Is this too big for a cat collar?
Has anyone tried this with more than one ball at a time? If so how did that work?
Can this be interlocked with the original design to extend the size of the toy set? Meaning, are the connectors the same slot and peg type design?
How many balls come with this?
How is this shipped? Does it come in pieces that you put together? Can you purchase additional pieces to add to it?
How large is this?
What type of batteries are required?
Does the Super Roller Circuit come with "end" pieces so that it can be laid out in a more-or less straight line?
can you cut the holes to make them a bit wider for larger paws?
Does the ball make noise in the track? Like kitty playing in the middle of the night keeping the house awake.
how large is it, what is the circumferance?
What are the dimensions of this item?
Why wouldn't it ship to Carleton Place ON?
My cat is on the borderline between Small and Medium. Should I buy a Small one or a medium one?
I have a large boy cat who weighs over 20 lbs. Would I get a large cat one or one for a dog for him? Getting ready to move 4 hours away...
what is the depth of each step--meaning front to back, so how big is the step to stand on? and how high is each step--how big a step to take? thanks
should there be four holes on the inside for the clamps. one for the open position and one for the closed position
What are the deminsions?
how far out from the bed does it stick?
when folded how high is this unit. Will it fit under a 14" bed frame? Thank you.
HOW TALL ARE THEY ?????? I NEED 26" FROM FLOOR TO TOP
where is the weight limit in writing
my question is what do you mean colors and styles may vary? the discription says espresso and wood. So what are the other colors?
Is there a weight limit?
What is the height
Does this hood take one 36" t8 bulb. newer aga stripes have smaller bulbs that the length. Is it flimsy plastic of heavier? Thanks!
The lip of our tank measures 35" X 11". Will this hood fit our tank? I dont want to order if it is not right.
does the light fixture have cover on/off switches
does this strip have the Reflective shield behind the bulb??
does this hood take hold the double bulbs
Does it come with the bulb?
It includes the cord, right?
What is the warranty on this product?
I have two 2 yr old beagles who hike off leash with me. They have learned to slip away and track/chase deer, will this product work on them?
what level is recommended for a 8 month Rott; 425 or 425S model?
our pit bull is aggressive with people &amp; other dogs. Will collar help train her not to be this way ?
does this come with rechargeable batteries and if so does it come with the charger?
Will this work for biting?
are there multiple levels of vibration or just 1?
How long doe tak to reach full charge? Can you turn it off/on multiple times in one charge?
Will the transmitter switch between dogs or do I need two separate units to do this?
Thanks for the 2-receive answer folks! One other question : Any have experience with small breed dogs? I have 2 min-pins.
Is the range as described? I have large acreage and range is a big issue with me.
is it made in the usa
My dog needs a larger collar, will I be able to fit the unit to another collar? If so, what is the width?
How is the "waterproof" with this collar?
i need one for two dogs how would i get this?
Can you set the range you want your dog to stay within before he gets a warning then shock?
I need another charger/power adapter...may I buy just that separately??
I need a controller. I left mine on the tailgate and lost it....any ideas?
This says that it can be used with up to three collars (dogs); but shows only one collar. Do I need to purchase another collar? How much? Thanks
will it help stop aggressive behavior
Using for a year, harness is getting worn-out on chest part. Dog is loosing hair. I loosened the harness, but didn't help. Do I need a new harness?
my dog is ~50#, I measured 27in girth (26in under arms).Using the measuring tape, I thought 28in was too big. Is the sizing accurate? Medium or Large?
How do I measure my dog to determine the right size for this harness? I have a 7 month old GS who is about 55 pounds.
What is the difference in control/comfort between the 5/8" width or the 1" width?
Our dog is 50 pounds but his girth is 29 inches (he has a greyhound type chest). Just wondering if I should get the medium or large.
my dog is ~50#, I measured 27in girth (26in under arms).Using the measuring tape, I thought 28in was too big. Is the sizing accurate? Medium or Large?
work with another leash
We have been successfully using a Gentle Leader, but don't like explaining that it's not a muzzle. Is this a good alternative?
Love the harness EXCEPT the hook on the front slides to the side when i am correcting her, Have I hooked it up wrong&gt; How do I fix this problem?
Is this harness safe to use to tether a dog to a seatbelt using the back ring?
What is the difference between timothy GRASS and timothy hay. What is the best to feed to guinea pigs? Thanks! Bill
My box of hay says "Jojos best" on the outside. Is this what everyone else is getting? Not too impressed with the quality. Is this the same supplier?
Can these be stored for few months with out molds? Have only one per rabbit. :)
Has anyone had problems with flies from this product?
This claims to be the best and additive free. IS it CERTIFIED organic?
In the picture there are alfalfa sprouts, the box I shipped has none, 1/2 the hay is brown or dark brown not all green like the pic, is this normal?
I want to know what exactly is labelled on the box that it comes in. I want to order this, but my apartment complex does not allow pets and I do not want to let them know I have my cavies with me.
I am looking for bedding to put in a dog house for feral cats to keep warm in the winter. Is this a good product for that?
Any issues with this molding after awhile? 10 pounds is a lot and I'm not sure if our 2 bunnies could use it up fast enough.
Does the hay really take 2-4 weeks to ship? I'd love to buy this hay but that is a long time to wait.
Will this cut through / get out mats on a Maltese?
Is this good with curly haired dogs? I have a long haired wire dachshund
How does this compare to clippers that have the different size combs that determine length of hair, that snap on to the clippers? Which is easier?
How exactly does the "adjustable" blade work. Obviously by the switch, but what is the difference in the settings in terms of cut?
I am a human, can I use this for me?
Has anyone tried these on a standard poodle? I don't want to leave my dog at the groomers all day so we'd love to clip him ourselves. Thanks!
is it 120V only or can be ues with 220V
Is this WAHL clipper ($35) much better than the $20 WAHL also available on Amazon Prime
works at 220watt or 110watt
Are the attachments sufficient to trim feet? I have a 12# terrier mix.
How many cups of dry food are in the 10lb box?
What is the formula for switching from kibble to honest kitchen ?
which one is best for my 6 month golden retriever?
How can a 10 pound box equal 40 pounds of food when your measuring your Pets food portion from when the food is still in it's dehydrated state?
Is this food good for weight loss? I have an 8 year of Pom that needs to lose about 7 lbs
What is the shelf life?
Does it meet AAFCO standards?
Including water, how many pounds does a 10 lb box actually yield?
I understand this is dehydrated, but is it dehydrated RAW or cooked food?
When rehydrated, is this soft enough for a senior dog missing 16 teeth? I am looking for something besides putting kibble in the food processor.
How long will it last for a 12 pound miniature doxie?
What is the shelf life typically? I plan on buying the food one month in advance.
rolling over the screen shows a 4 pound box. Is this the price for 10 pounds powdered food?
Can someone tell me if they find themselves feeding their dogs less of this food vs e.g. TOTW dog food, given its nutritional completeness?
Is this a 10 lb box or 4 boxes of 10 lbs each?
Are you serving RMB meat with this product or meat and organ mean?
Is the base mix high enough in calcium? Or do I need to give ground meat/bone? Or just ground meat/organ?
Has anyone used this as a base for a puppy? I know they have some with dehydrated meat in it for puppies but I would rather add my own meat.
There is a review here that says some of your product is from China and/or India. Is this true? Vitamins, minerals - anything from overseas?
HK website says fiber content is 10% dry and 5% reconstituted--is that correct way to read analysis chart?
I'm confused about the amount sold. What is a 7lb/4 pack? Does that mean 4 packs of 7lb bags per order? Or 4 packs totaling 7lbs per order?
Is the quality when ordering from amazon different than from pet store? I've noticed that there is less fine green vegetables and more roughly chopped veggies in mine. Or is the formula changed?
I want to order 3 7lb boxes of preference and 4 10lb boxes zeal dog good, could you reply the valid date of those product?
I have the same question. The shipping weight looks like you get 4, 7lb boxes. The price is the same as a single 7 lb box. I'm confused
How long would this last for a 60lb dog?
I have a 45 lb high energy pit bull; how long should I expect a 10 lb box to last?
I just adopted a senior dog (will be 15 in April) who has 5 teeth left. Looking for a soft food option for her. Would this work??
Is this Food 100% NON GMO? Is the chicken in the food fed GMO feed?
is this food raw?
What is the Protein - Fat - Carb ratio? Particularly, I can't find the Carb amount info. Thanks
I've been cooking the chicken hearts, livers and gizzards before putting it in his pre-mix. Is it better to give it to them raw?
Hi. Thanks for answering this. Does the HK dog food have any actual pieces of meat in the mixture? I don't think my dog would like a mushy texture.
Can you recommend an Honest Kitchen grain free product without garlic?
is it washable
Is the bottom side of this bed made out of rugged fabric or "non-skid" material?
Does this bed have an internal rod in top to keep the top raised up?
what weight and size dog is this for ?
What colors are there?
would two minature weinee dogs fit in this comfortably? each no more than 7 pounds, one just underwent back surgery.
I have a 21" long terrier mix. Would this bed be large enough yo accommodate a dog her size?
Is there a way to keep the top open as shown?
Will my 20 pound terrier mix fit in the 25" bed?
can you remove the roof flap if its too warm?
what ingredients are contained in Marin
What is the difference between Nutramax Marin and Denamarin ?
What is the expiration date on these tabs?
How is this considered Prime when it was scheduled for 7 days to get here?
Does it hold in the snowy months?
Good product but what's up w/the 2 extra pieces of plastic? I attached them but they overhang (not shown in product picture) - ??
can you tell me the dimensions of this product? i want to use it to put cookies and peanuts for the squirrels but still have it protected from rain. it needs to be high enough that the squirrel will fell comfortable sitting in there to eat. for the...
will the feeding station and the cat house fit together end to end
can you buy batteries at stores
is the new MS-4 water resistant
Does item come with battery?
is it bolted
Could this be used for every day crate training? I read that it's advisable vs. a wire crate for various reasons.
When the cage is disassembled do the two sections fit inside each other. I may need to carry it in a small car before I put it together for the dog.
how many metal fasteners nuts and bolts require for a pet carrier
Do you have another size crate that has a floor size of at least 24" long by 18" wide?
Big enough for 2 -10 lb cats? Anyone used this to fly animal? Did the food/water dish work well?
I need carrier for my two 15 lb cats in case of evacuation due to fire. I live in California and in 2007, I had to evacuate but had only my small dog. Now I also have the cats and need to be prepared just in case. Is this large enough?
Did anyone buy it for CORGI 27 pounds ? Does it fit? Thank you
Did it come with the food bowls?
Is this safe for occasional use in the apartment for up to four hours? Dog is crate-trained.
I have a chihuahua. Will the small collar fit her? She weighs about 5 lbs.
the neck of my miniature schnauzer is 11 " Is this necklace going to fit my puppy ?
I have a 12 1/2 pound JRT What size would I buy and how about the matching leash silver aurora leash
my dog wears coach size s 11-13" is the total length what size should i order and how long do you warranty?
I have a 5-year old west highland white terrier, she weight about 5kg, will this collar fit her?
Also, I want a lighter collar, not heavier for my chihuahua. Should I go with the 3/8th size if I want a lighter collar? She is a short hair chihuah
i have a full grown ragdoll cat, do you think this will fit her?
My dogs neck is snugly measured at barely 9" maybe 9.25" if I don't do it too tight, will this size be okay for her?
I am interested in your collar, but the photos do not show a hook for a leash. Does the collar have one?
What is the length from the wheel attachment all the way to end of leash? thanks.
Does anyone have experience using this with a big strong dog, over 90 lbs ?
would the woof cycle bike trotter work for a recumbent trike one wheel in back 2 wheels in front
My dog is a puller, will he pull my bike over siddeways?
How long is just the plastic? My dog can reach my pedal with the cycle leash I'm using now.
Could you attach it to an electric wheelchair to walk your dog?
What kind of plastic is this?
Has anyone had issues installing this on a bike that doesn't have an easy pin that removes on the wheel but one that looks like a crank?
Would this be "too much" light for a 3.4 gallon freshwater, low light plant tank (i.e. java ferns)? Tank is 12 w, 10 H, 7 deep. Thanks
Would this be suitable for a 7 gallon nano cube (W, H, and D all 11.8") containing dwarf baby tears or other high light plants?
Is it okay (safe?) to plug it into a common household timer for on/off at fixed times? How else do you all resolve the no On/Off switch flaw?
Can this be mounted on a sump that has a frame around the top?
What's the difference between models #01114 (6" 8-watt super blue) &amp; model #01116 (6" 8-watt super blue &amp; 10,000k daylight)
Is there considerable heat generated?
Does it come with 2 lower elbow arms? Both the 100mm elbow arms and the optional 55mm elbow arm?
Does this LED Lighting fixture have an on/off switch?
Would this work if placed ontop of a 28gal bio cube (middle chamber turned into a fuge with chaeto). Would ideally like to have placed ontop of lid op
What is the the size of the DC barrel connection?
Will this work on a long haired Angora fur goat? What blade do you recommend?
Where is the A6 made. USA, I hope.?
We have a Border Collie and an Aussiedoodle, we like the hair about 1/2 to 3/4 inch long, what blade size would work? Thanks
Does the A6 have a warrenty? If so how long?
I've just recently ordered these from you, but it didn't even occur to me that it probably won't fit in an Australian outlet, is this correct?
The Andis blanders works with oster a6?
i have 2 St. Bernards with matted hair. are these heavy duty enough to work on them?
I see on the picture that comes with some sort of black box, is that a transformer? Will it run from 100 to 240 Volts 50-60 Hz?
I have 2 tight-curly haired cockapoos and my Wahl Show Pro Plus doesn't do the job. Will this Oster A6 work better? What size blade?
Will this work on a sheepdog?
Does this heater keep stable temperature? I've heard horror stories about preset heaters cooking the betta because temp went way too high .
Would this work for a 2 gallon glass bowl? and would it be better if I suctioned it to the outside of the bowl to heat it and not risk overheating?
Can you bury this under the gravel? or is that not a good idea? Thanks!
its 100 - 220v? need to use it in argentina
wich is its highest temperature?
Can this be used on a non-glass aquarium? I have a small 5 gallon acrylic and I don't want to melt it..
Can this be under the gravel or does it have to be submerged to the side of the tank?
Does this work for a 1 gallon
How hot is the heater?
How fast this heater work? I bought mine today, it is in the water for two hours now and thermostat is still on 70. Red light is barely visible. Thank
Has anyone had an issue with their cat reaching up into the chute and tickling more food out?
I am planning to go away for the weekend. How many days into the future can I program this feeder for my cat? Thanks!
how much food does it hold? and some reviews said Loud. How loud? what type of noise. I have a pet feeder already that makes noise, but is not overwhelmingly loud. Too bad it only lasted 16 months.
How many cups of food can it hold?
Is there a warrenty on it?
How easy is it for the cat to turn the machine over? Can he get the top off easily?
My crown majestic feeder from day 1 never worked without being plugged into the wall. And now it is not dispensing food at all.
Can I program this feeder to dispense 1/3 cup of food at a time?
Description says power cord is an alternative and implies you should use batteries primarily. Has anyone just used the power cord for a long time?
how tall, wide and deep is this?
With extended and repeated use, has anyone noticed damage to the window when using the tabs?
what are the dimensions? i need the car handles covered a well
Will this product work for truck doors?
does this cover the outside of the car door as well
Will these fit the back doors of a dodge ram 4x4 king cab???
Are the velcro tabs easy to remove from the door? I am afraid of causing damage to the door if/when I don't need the protectors.
Do they come as a set of 2? Or do I have to order 2?
Can it be used on the front (passenger) door of a Toyota Highlander?
Hello, Any reviewers out there that have these door covers with their RX350? If so, do they fit well?
does the velcro strip run all the way across on the back, or are there little 1-2 inch strips in a couple places?
With extended and repeated use, has anyone noticed damage to the window when using the tabs?
what are the dimensions? i need the car handles covered a well
Will this product work for truck doors?
does this cover the outside of the car door as well
Will these fit the back doors of a dodge ram 4x4 king cab???
Are the velcro tabs easy to remove from the door? I am afraid of causing damage to the door if/when I don't need the protectors.
Do they come as a set of 2? Or do I have to order 2?
Can it be used on the front (passenger) door of a Toyota Highlander?
Hello, Any reviewers out there that have these door covers with their RX350? If so, do they fit well?
does the velcro strip run all the way across on the back, or are there little 1-2 inch strips in a couple places?
OK. One more question for y'all: About how long do one of these chews last? Thanks, Judy
what is the country of origin/processing?
Are the chews oily? In other words, can they be fed indoors on carpet?
Can I give this to a puppy
Do the bison graze on crop or consume anything that is treated with pesticides or herbicides, or genetically modified?
How hard are these chews? My dog had some teeth removed and the vet said no more bully sticks or bones.
I have a 8 month old Rottweiler who kills Kongs and goes through cow hooves in less than a week. How will this bone stand up to aggressive chewing?
Will it stain the couch?
how many bones do you get because they show 2 in the picture?
"This tray is compatible with Just the Crystals&reg; litter" Is it compatible with just this litter or any crystal litter (like fresh step)
What is the measurement I am looking for an extra large litter pan
How soon after the cat has used this does it clear the box? I have a dog that will eat the cat stool if the opportunity is there.
Will this work with the manual Scoopfree Slide model? A similar product stated their Flap Kit portion will NOT fit on the Scoopfree Slide
does this have a flap with magnetic strips like the cardboard scoopfree trays?
Do you know whether I could use clumping litter in these trays?
Does this litter tray work with the Ultra version automatic litter box?
Can someone tell me how to attach the curved plastic piece. Supposed to install onto magnets under lid but don't. Magnets are rivited,
How many pounds of Crystal Litter are required to refill properly?
Can this fit the manual scoop free litter box?
What's the diameter of the entire collar from outside edge to outside edge? Alternatively, how wide is the foam piece from center ring to outer edge?
What is diameter of center ring. I previously ordered one and it was too small.
What is the measurement from the outer edge of the collar to the inner neck edge?
Will this block a boxer from licking stitches on back legs? Thanks!
how much does this weigh?
the noose came with it but not a way to secure it
What is the cubic feet measure of the box that holds this table for shipping (legnth*width*height)
Does the arm have a double clamp
I have a small lab (60 pounds) and I am looking into getting a Bernese mountain dog. Would this table be large enough for both dogs?
I just received mine and there's no loop on the arm to clip the noose to... am I missing something? Isn't there supposed to be a loop?
It says the table is adjustable yet it doesn't look like the legs can be lowered or raised. Are the legs adjustable?
how much does the table weigh?
Is this heater FULLY submersible, or only to the water line? All aquarium heaters are "submersible" by nature - but not all "fully." Thanks!
I have a one gallon tank with an african dwarf frog in it. No fish. He likes 80 -82 degrees. Will this go to minimum 80?
Does fully submersible mean even the gray dial can be underwater?
How do adjust the temp setting on this heater? It only has the gray flat piece on top.
How long is the 25W heater?
Can I use this for a 1 gallon tank?
What temperature can this heater be able to stably hold for a 5 gal tank?
Can it use for my baby turtles? Can it be horizontal?
If the water level becomes too low will this heater shut off automatically? It's the right length for my tank but I'm afraid to use it.
Is this a thermometer that you can set the temperature?
How tall is this unit?
If you don't use clumping litter then where does the pee go, does the pee just sink into the plastic bag below still in liquid form
Do you still have to use the crystals? Or can you use any brand of litter?
I have the Forever Litter Tray which I use with my Scoop-Free. Does Litter Bagger replace this?
Where do I purchase the liner bags?
I will be getting two 16 week old kittens soon. Would the entire assembly be too high for them?
Which litter do you recommend using with this product?
Is the tray that comes with this something different than normally comes with the scoop free litter box? I would like to build a stand if possible.
Is this item the automatic litter box and the stand, or is it just the stand?
where are you buying bulk blue crystal litter. Don't see it on amazon. How much of it do you put in each time you change it?
My cattledog doesn't like her tennis balls, but loves to chase flies. How motivated are your herding dogs to play with this?
Is there a plug or something similar that the dog can bite? Or is the ball completely smooth? Tried customer service from Varsity Ball but no response
What're the diameters of the Varsity and Jr Varsity balls?
Which size ball would be best for a 50 lb dog?
How does a varsity ball work?
I had another hard plastic ball my Jack Russell loved. He was obsessed with it. His nose became raw from pushing it around. Would this do the same?
I had to return the Jolly Ball due to the dog shreding the plastic off and possibly ingesting it. Is this ball shred proof as well?
what is the difference between this herding ball and other varsity balls?
My border collie mix 6 y/o doesn't want to go after this- he doesn't want to push it. Any tips to help him engage with it?
Does this ball have a hole for treats and what is the size
Can you remove the bolster part? If not, can you wash it with the stuffing inside the bolster?
what are the dimensions of this bed
Is it available in Blue?
I have a 125 gallon tank (6' long) Do I need one or two of these lights?
My factory default mode starts/stays 100% on B&amp;W no matter what the time is set at &amp; doesn't change like the chart in the manual shows, help!
How many units would you recommend for a 150 gallon 6' length tank?
my lites are behind a crown on top of my tank, so how would I adjust the programming? also what happens when a bulb(s) goes bad?
I have a 75 gallon aboout 5ft long 60in do you think one is enough?
Hello, I am travelling to Florida, would you ship to the Hotel? Thanks
Is one of this good enough for a 55 gallon tank with dimension of 48-1/4"L x 12-3/4"W x 20-13/16"H
I have a 65 gallon tank. It is 3 feet wide. Which would you reccomend, the TT-AL12 or the TT-AL15?
Is the AL12 compatible to work with the AL16?
What size is the light fixture. How many do I need for a tank 60" X 24" X 24"?
Is the basket collapsable? I saw something similar at a store but the basket was totally collapsable and I wasnt sure how that would work with my dog.
Can this basket be secured to a bike rack above the back tire
Does this come with the KlickFix connector for bike attachment....is anything else needed to connect to a bike?
I have a Raleigh Tour bike. My handlebars dip down in the middle and there is a 5 inch flat space there. Will the bracket attached to this?
The one I received has a significant curve (inward) right where the mount is. Is this by design/intentional or do I have a damaged item?
Why does the klickfix handlebar adapter show up under Frequently Bought Together? Does it not come included with the basket?
Does anyone else have trouble snapping this onto their bike? Is there some trick I don't know about?
Does it have an inside tether for you to connect their leash or harness to in order to prevent them from jumping out when the top is open?
i have a 16 pound Chihuahua/Mix. Would this carrier support her weight?
Since I may get two of these, I wonder if there is a foldable stroller to click them on when I am done with biking. Carrying two is just two much.
Does the KLICKfix adapter come with?
Is it possible to attach to rear bike rack? In the video she has it on the back but with groceries. I want the dog in the back.
I have a 15 lb shih tzu, would this hold her? The info says up to 16 lbs, does anybody have experience with a 15 lb dog?
Does it fit well on all types of handlebars?
this basket can be placed in the rear of the bicycle with KLICKfix?
The video implies it can secure to a rear rack. Is this true? How easy is it compared to clicking on the front?
Does it have an attachment to clip to a harness to keep the dog inside?
Can anybody tell me how many amps a 1ft pc would draw. Im wondering if I could use with a solar setup. Thanks for any help
I want to use this to heat 5 bee hives. Can I buy a 5 foot piece and cut it or do I need to buy 5 individual 1 foot pieces?
We're looking for a heat mat to use under our seed starting flats. How do these connect to the power? We need about 4ft
how many feet do I need to heat 20 degree Fahrenheit for 2.5 gallon of water?
Can you cut this down to pieces shorter than a foot?
Could this be used to keep an outdoor water from freezing in a chicken coop?
I need to 3 foot long sheet do I have to buy 3 individuals or do I get 1 3 foot long sheet
can this be used on Acrylic/Acrylite cages? My bearded dragons are in a custom three tiered enclosure of Acrylic/Acrylite and steel frame.
I would like to make heated print bed for 3d printer, I read all the answers but ho one has answered what the maximum heat output of 11X12 piece?
Does this come with the metal clips needs for connecting to an extension cord?
Has anyone tried this in a mini cooper? Is it too big? I have a mini clubman so I'm hopeful it's the right size.
Is that durable for a large dog, like 130 pounds?
is it machine washable on gentle cycle
Does this item have a warranty?
is it water resistant? incase your dog gets car sick, or drools since she gets a little car sick?
When the dimentions listed are 55 x 58.5 inches, is it 58.5 inches between rear doors, or between the front seat and back seat?
Is this item large enough to cover a GMC Sierra crew cab truck seat? Giving as a gift.
Will this fit nissan juke?
Will this work in my car that does not have rear seat headrests?
prius fit?
Are there straps that are able to fit over the handle of a suit case?
Is the inside lining and mattress machine washable
Why are you dont able to send it world wide?
My chihuahua is 10 lbs, what are the dems?
what size is this carrier mini, small , medium
Is the top mesh at all? I can't tell if there's a mesh piece with a solid privacy panel that zips over the top.
Size
Does inside this carrier have a safety strap?
Some users have said there dog was able to get out of booster. This would not be good for eight pound Yorkie. How concerned should I be?
does this dog seat have a sturdy bottom? i have one now fir my 15 lb dog that buckles when he sits in it
How is the rail around the top? My dog loves his bag but wears out the sides from standing on them while in the car.
How to install pawhut deluxe dog booster seat?
sizes
Can you put two small dogs in this seat?
My Jeep Wrangler has tall seats, but no adjustable head rest. I want to buy this. How can I make it fit without a head rest?
would it be possible to fit a 15 pd dog and 20 pd dog, small dogs in it? I can&rsquo;t find one for two small dogs and don&rsquo;t have enough room for 2 dog seat
can seat be wiped clean. My silkie gets carsick at times. Can't clean if material &amp; not removable
the manufactuer says it will ho;d up to 30 pounds. My Shitt-poo is aprox . 22 pounds. Would he fit and be comfortable?
for what size dog?
1) are there any seatbelt hooks? 2) how many mesh flaps for ventilation are there? (the picture only shows one) 3) will it fit a pomeranian? 4) are th
Would ths bag fit in the top of a shopping cart and with the top open have enough structure to stay open? My little dog is only 4.5 lb
I have a small Pom. She weighs5 1/2 pounds will she have enough room?
Would this be able to fit 2 guinea pigs? One is 3lbs and the other is 2lbs. Also is it absorbent?
What are the dimensions?
how many centimetres long and wide ?????
What material is carrier made of? Can dog stick head out of corner/end of bag if situation allows?
Can any one tell me about what is the measurement of the inside?
What about air travel for 8 lb Chi???????
Can a 15lb Pomeranian fit in this bag?
What are the dimensions of the side pocket which is visible on the photo? Are there any other pockets inside/outside? Thanks.
Can this carrier stand my cat's sharp nails?
is there a strap for this purse that is more sturdy that i can purchase from you? or do you offer any replacement straps?
Does this actually have ventilation on the side for the pet, or it is just for show?
Shoulder strap included?
Can an adult chicken fit UNDER the house? What are the dimensions for that under house crawl space
Is there wire underneath the wire mesh runs on either side of the main hutch? Can rabbits just dig under the fence?
will this fit 7 flightlless ducks?
Can this be divided so that I can separate two male rabbits?
I want this for quail. Accidently ordered eggs and dont know much about them so now need a cage. Will this work? i have 12 eggs &amp; they are jumbo qail
is it easy to disassemble?
Is this insulated for winter? We live somewhere where it snows all winter long
how many rabbits could fit in this?
The wood is a treatment one? I have to know, because I live in PR, and we have a different wheather every time.
Yo, how high is this coop, and how long when it is fully built?
can i speak a comand over it and it go thru the collar and the dog hear my voice, like a walkie talkie
is the sport dog collar sd 825 smaller than the sport dog 400 I need a durable collar for my golden who is very active and rolls alot
Will this collar work with the sport dog invisible fence?
Does anyone know how big the collar is and is it adjustable? I have a 5 month old Newfoundland. Thanks.
I see this collar has a 2 hour charge time but how long will the charge actually last once on the dog if minimal use? (Mainly tone)
Does this come with the training manual and dvd
Does it come with long probes for long haired dogs
are the batteries replaceable by the user?
Is this a bark collar as well in that it prevents barking without user interaction?
does it run on batteries or is there a charger?
I have a 7 lb Maltese /shih tzu and I am wondering if this item will be good for her? will the collar be to big? I have big back yard
does it work with the PetSafe Elite Little Dog In-Ground Fence
does it work with the Pif - 300 series wireless system?
Does this collar work with the pet safe proTX-1 in ground fence system?
Does this come with the charger? There is no specification saying so.
does everything shown in the picture come with for $40??
how much weight does the platforms hold?
Does this come apart easily for travel?
The picture I'm seeing has 6 blocks and a thing that looks like a sleigh. All this for $53? I would also like to know about the durability for claws?
What was the average length of time this item took to get to its location?
can you buy the scratching posts seperately?? would like to have more of them.. I FOUND A KIT ON (TARGET.COM) THAT COMES WITH 1 SCRATCHING POST AND 2 POLES WITH CONNECTERS..LINDA
does it control mosquitos?
Does this work for bed bugs??
What is the dilution ratio?
When spraying this in the yard, will it destroy any plants, flowers or Palm trees? I live in Florida. Thanks
how long does 8oz. of product and filled up to the 26 oz. line with water does this solution last? will it cover a typical backyard?
I just received this product and it came with a sprayer that was very easy to use. I'm wondering if i sprayed too soon in the season. I'm on the East coast and the average night time temp is only 35 or so. The bugs aren't really out yet. I only sprayed...
Does the gallon product come with the hose end sprayer?
Does this product kill fire ants?
does it kill or repel camel back crickets ? ( cave crickets, sprickets)
Can anyone tell me about how many acres one bottle would cover? Our yard is 1.5 acres and I was wondering if one bottle would be enough.
length
Please tell me if you can use this without a harness, maybe just a collar? thanks
What vehicles does the belt fit,; I have a chevy trailblazer
Has anyone had a car accident where this product worked?
Does this product work in a nissian?
I have an english mastiff 120 lbs is it large and strong enough for her size?
Has anyone considered using two of these at one time on one dog; to give more stability maybe?
Will this fit a Porsche Cayenne?
How much can you adjust the length? I have 17 lb terrier mix who might like to bark out the window. If I buckle this to his harness could he do that
Is there any way of knowing if it will fit my vehicle before I purchase one?
Is there a plastic tube in each roll?
Are these straight top bags or curved handle-top bags?
Are these bags biodegrable? I don't see any thing that says they are.
Does this have any scent to it?
What is the width when rolled? I have blue bags that are 12 inches long, but only 5 inches wide, so these seem very wide.
Do these bags attach to a leash and if so, is it easy to do this?
Are these bags large enough to use in a small trashcan?
Is the hook part supposed to come out so that I can attach it on to my leash? Mine seems stuck
is the item biodegradeable?
Are these scented?
are these biodegradeable?
Do you have to tear them from the roll, or is each bag separate already?
I'm trying to place an order but it says shipping location is unavailable. Postal code is in Markham, Canada, starting with L3T.
are the bags easy to separate? I have had some that were almost impossible to tear...especially when doing the late at night walk!
Does anyone know the size of the box these are shipped in? Thank you!
Is there a plastic tube in the middle of the roll? And what is the height of the roll measurement (when stood on end)?
do they have handles?
Could you let me know the length and width? I have a high-capacity dog :)
Are these biodegradable?
How thick are the bags ?
what are the dimensions? My dog is Corgi/Chihuahua mix,about 14 lbs. long and thin
how high is it?
I have 3 Chihuahua's that weigh about 7lbs each, Will all 3 fit in this? (Hubby can add 2 x-tra clips to fasten to their harness's)
Can I put the carseat in the back seat of my car. I have a dodge neon.
Is there an actual fastener in the seat to fasten the dog to the seat? I want to be sure that my puppy wont be able to escape the car seat.
Will the strap that goes around the headrest slip down or move at all? How does it hook around the headrest?
up to how many pounds dog does it hold?
What are the weight restrictions?
Can I attach this to my bike handlebars?
What is the max weight for a dog to use this car seat?
my dog runs out when any door opens ...does this help?
I see there's a Training package for $75....and I see the main differences in items. This comes with ONE DVD, what information is on the other DVDs?
Is this collar a perfect xs fit adjustable for my mini pin ?
I have a 16 week old springer spaniel. I first need to know what size collar should I get one? Will this help with puppy biting issue? I've spent more money on advise and followed through and still he bites husband every am and sometimes in yard leap...
Does this come with the 2 different length ropes for training like in the infomercial? Thanks
Must the dog wear this all of the time? How can they chew thru this collar?
How is this different than a prong collar?
Can you use this collar as a replacement, or do you only use it during training?
I have a morkie that weighs 3 lbs, will this collar fit her if I order the small. Probably 7" or smaller
Are the links the same size on the small and large? Bought large with a lot of extra links. Want another one. If the same, I'll just get a small.
Does this collar fit a small (11#) dog?
I just ordered this collar and regarding the levels of shock, is #1 the lowest? just want to make sure. Thanks
Does this package come with the longer pronges for dogs with thicker/longer coats?
warrenty
Is it possible to buy a new antenna? Mine fell off of the remote and I lost it...
Does the unit shut off automatically after a predetermined length of time?
I can't find the instructions. Are they available on your website?
Does the transmitter have a low battery indicator? Does the receiver on collar have a low battery indicator?
Does the remote have a way to hang it around the owners neck so it is in possession of the owner "just in case" needed
Can another collar be added so it could be used for 2 dogs?
Can you get a collar instead of a hanging tag?
Is this feeder battery operated or does it need a power supply?
What happens if both cats are sitting by the feeder? My cats will eat together sometimes but one eats much faster than the other, eating all the food.
What is the maximum amount of food the storage hopper, above the bowl, hold?
Can I put the tag on my dog to keep him out of the cat food instead of putting them on the 3 cats?
Is this item safe for outdoor use? I'm having problems with feeding the whole neighborhood when I leave food out for our outdoor cat.
If the cat stubbornly doesn't move its head out of the way of the closing flaps, will it prevent it from closing?
How much food does it hold?
I need an auto feeder that meters 1/2 cup per dog twice a day as my dogs are overweight. Is this unit capable of doing this?
What are the dimensions of the tags?
what metal is the made; does it rust?
Does the metal base have drainage holes?
If the glass jar should get broken can it be replaced with a Mason Jar, if so is it a wide mouth or regular sized mouth? Thanks for your help.
Does this have a hanger so I can hang it from a shepard's hook or do I need additional hardware?
Do a lot of seeds spill on the porch? Is the porch messy?
Can I put thistle seed into this? I want to attract smaller birds and deter greckles which are swarming the tube feeder i currently use
How is this with squirrels? I don't mind feeding the squirrels but I'd like something (inexpensive) the birdies get to themselves.
Is everything made of plastic in this item?
Is it Rocky the squirrel proof?
Is this feeder plastic or metal??
Does this feeder have drainage holes?
I need a bird feeder that WON"T GET USED but be decorative on top of my summer feeder post at my closed cottage for winter.Thoughts?
How to close the cap ?
does anyone no the size in inches for large and extra large collars
Is the battery replaceable or rechargable?
are these waterproof?
How does it turn on? How can I choose flash or steady? Pushing the button on the battery case doesn't do anything.
xl collar size, what is the range? our dogs regular collars are 18-26"
Is it waterproof? I had another similar collar but the battery area got corroded after my dog went swimming.
How big is the large collar?
how big is the extra large? I have a Mastiff and want to make sure it fits. Also is it one light or does the entire band light up?
where is it made
Is there a way to change the batteries?
Can I buy a new battery when the current one is used up?
Do the 22" Repti-Sun T5 HO bulbs fit this fixture?
Just wish to confirm the free bulb still comes with it. Some retailers say that it no longer does.
Does this hood still come with the free ReptiSun 5.0 UVB T5 HO bulb as of 07/31/14???
Does it come with a chain hook loop mount to hang from cage top?
I plugged it in and turned it on with the included bulb but it didn't work. Am I missing something? Just want to check before I return it.
what is the difference between this fixture/t5 vs a fixture that can fit t8s, terrarium wise?
Is there a way to mount this hood inside the enclosure? I have a 36X18X12 enclosure and I'm worried placing it on the mesh will lower UVB inside.
Sorry for the same question, but it's been 6 months since it was last answered- does it still have the free bulb? Thanks.
I have a 36x18 tank with a 16inch height with mesh top. For a beardie. Is this to strong? Or a good light for my tank?
Is this product compatible with European voltage/outlets? Is Item # LF-71E the euro version?
Is this too large (would it look too unsightly) for a 5 gallon pico tank?
How big is the part that actually goes in the tank? I'm trying to figure out if it will fit in my (very small) sump.
Any idea what he lift is on the pump? I would like to pump water from about 5 feet below the tank.
How far does the water level have to drop before this turns on? Need something very sensitive so curious the sensitivity of this. THX
I recently purchased and really like it, but I am noticing that that sensor attached to the magents moves/tilts slightly anyone experience this?
Is the Tunze Osmolator Universal 3155 just a fancier model than the 3152? I see it's about 100.00 more. I have 16g nano.
what would be a good TO system for a 75 gallon reef tank reasonable?
Will this ato work on a 75 gallon tank?
Is there suppose to be a connector on the pump for the return tube? I had to shove the tube into the pump but pictures show a black connecting piece?
How high can the waterline be, relative to the top of the tank? I have a rimless tank and would like my waterline to be as high as possible.
Can someone tell me what the ingredients are? Person above asked, but got diff answers. One says lactose the other doesn't.. help?
what are the ingredients I spend $117.00 from vet for an enzyme powder
Should I refrigerate this product?
Hi, do you ship to the UK? How much does it cost and how long would it take to receive? Thanks.
Is this product a capsule that you can open and sprinkle on the dog food?
Anyone know the difference between this product and one with a blue label by PRN called ""prozyme original formula?"?
Does anyone know how this product compares to Animal Essentials Probiotic &amp; Enzyme Powder?
is this given at EACH meal?
Does this product help prevent stool eating as well as it does other things
My shih tzu's digestive tract is fine-no gas etc. BUT she eats her poop :( --will this really help?
i like it then your pet only eat what it dispenses. they do not over eat. and i do not have to worry if i go somewhere my dog has food. so now it does not work.
Do you need to programme the feeder each day? Or will it just keep rolling over until the food has gone?
i am having problem's with the feeder. the clock works, but not the time on the feeder,dispencer.
How can I get copy of instructions emailed to me no 26680A2250 model I have has clock and three meals
Would this work on my 90 gallon tank that is 48" L x 18" W or do I need two of these lights?
My fixture do not have the access port but i want to install the timer ,can i do it?
how do brackets on end come out mine are upside down ??
is this light powerful enough to grow corals? or will i need supplemental lighting?
Can this be put on external timers? example. buy optional program timer, but also have it turn on or off and be programmed?
this product only has 2 modes 1 for all LEDs and 2 for blue light only isn't there a on/off switch to turn off all the lights,or do all lights stay on unless you unplug or set up timer
The directions say apply only to carpet and cloth upholstery. I need to use it on tile and laminate floors. Has anyone done this and idid it work?
Will this stain my mattress and micro-suede couch?
My vet says this is toxic to cats! How do I return? I haven't opened the box yet.
does it stain or damage wood floors thanks
how long should I keep my pet (dog) away from this stuff??
How long should I keep my dog away from this stuff??
Will this product work on mites (dandruff mites, specifically), as well as their lavar?
Is it ok to mop my tile and wood floors after using the product?
For about how long should I continue to see live fleas jumping about on the tile floors after I sprayed everything?
does the cover come off for washing?
What are the dimensions of the bed?
can you tell me if this is a solid piece of foam or is it in pieces? thanks
is it made for outside dog houses?
can you get replacement covers
Does this dispense food on a daily basis when set for more than one feeding?
What is the correct AC adapter for this product?
I have lost the instruction how can I get another one
When you turn the unit off and then back on, do you need to reprogram the time and feeding schedule? Assume unit is on AC adaptor, no batteries.
Needs strong batteries, and don't last more than 3 wks.Where can you purchase a plug-in cord. I've already tried 2 universal cords, to No Avail ! ! !
Does the bowel on the feeder stay in place? I have had an issue with my dog moving the bowel away with his nose if it's not firmly attached.
What is the largest amount of food it will dispense each feeding?
how many days does feeder feed pet w/o refilling or reprogramming?
I have a 5 lbs Yorkie with a 1/4 cup feeding schedule. What is the smallest feeding amount setting?
Does this work with big food pellets?
Is it OK to machine wash it and dry in dryer?
What is the material? Please list all...
what is the size of this blanket? there are different sizes listed as answers
What is the size?
size
What size is this blanket, measurements? The ad doesn't specify. Thanks
Does system come with all needed to ADD FISH(pump filter) for start-up. Can I add a heater to aquarium?.
Could you clarify what you mean by standard compact fluorescent? Is it a pinned bulb, and if so, how many pins?
Is the bulb a specialty item or could it be switched out with another brand?
I wanted to be sure is this a glass aquarium or is it acyrlic?
What type of replacement filter does this need?
Does this cover have a laminated backing or some other form of extra protection that would prevent cat pee from soaking into the couch?
what is the length of this item, it states the width but not the length, I have a deep cushion
Is this available in Taupe/Beige? ?
How does the "Test-light" work with this device? I tried to insert it on the prongs, but the holes do not line-up. Help?
What is the best setting for results. I had it set on 30 but it seems not to have any affect my dog just looks at the receiver.
where do you install the AA batteries supplied in the box?
I need a new battery for my Petaliner Dog training collar Model IS-PET998DR-How can I get one?
I just bought this training collar and hardly used it. I went to remove the charger from the collar and the pin came out of the charger! Can I please get a new charger for it? The collar worked great until this happened. What a disappointment.
Does this collar shock?
Jst received this, transmitter w/new batteries won't stay activated once it shuts off only way to reactivate is to relaunch, help
What size of dog is this collar meant?
What is the bottom? Is the bottom a thin nylon that so many beds have and dogs chew holes in quickly?
What are the exact dimensions of this? it doesn't look round but more oval? Can someone be more precise than the description
I have a 20lb dachshund and I want to know if this will fit in her carrier and give her room to move around in circles!?
Where is this product made?
Do you wash the whole bed or just the cover?
How cushy is it? I have wood floors and am looking for a very thick bottom cushion for comfort. Does it slide across the floor easily?
Anyone buy this for their cat(s)? I have. 2 8lb boys that sleep together.
Can a small-ish dog and a medium cat lay in this together? My dog is a puggle, cat is just a cat. ;)
big dog bed?
Does it have3 remove able cushion?
What are the inside dimensions? I'm trying to see if my 22lb pub would fit. He likes to curl up and rest his head on the rim.
Is the center cushion removeable from the rest of the bed or is it all one piece?
Can 1 Labrador sleep in it if he's 60 pounds?
Would it fit my 25 lb chihuahua/pug mix?
how to check if collar is working?
Will another dog barking trigger the correction? Is the unit weatherproof? Does it come with long prongs?
What does it mean by manual setting? Does this have a remote where I can also control it myself?
Are you sure that these are made by same company that makes SportDog? I've had 6 (SIX!!) sportdog collars and they all broke. Need reliability.
Does the batteries included
Is this an actual shock sollar or what is called static? and if so what is the difference?
Is there a way to tell how many times the collar is activated while being worn?
i mispalced the charger...does anyone know where I can get a new charger from ? thank you
Will this work for a dog who excessively whines??
I have tried the smaller petsafe collar with my Basset hound but had issues with the collar staying on his larynx. Does this collar stay put?
Would this fit a shih tzu?
I have a very odd shaped Bichon. His neck is only 7 inches around but is very long. From his shoulders to his nose, he is 7 inches. Will this work?
I bought the sml (5.5" length) for my cat but it's too short and she gets to her back leg. The neck width is just right though. Will this one work?
t I have 1yr old Maine Coon: neck 8" -81/2" circum Best I could get{profile} tip of nose to neck 5"{wouldn't say 100% accurate}. What size do I get?
I have a13# short nose and a 17# long nose dog. What clooar do I need?
Will this All Four Paws Comfy Cone Pet Collar, Small-Long Black fit a 10lb cat with a 10 inch circumference neck?
Can I order extra bowls?
I received my feeder a few days ago. I noticed on the back of the bowl a line going from the center of the bowl to the outside edge of the bowl. I am concerned that this may be the beginning of a crack in the bowl. Please advise if I should return it...
Would this be too short for a pug and min pin?
the dimensions for this feeder is 6.3 X 6.3 X 6.9 so is the height in front 6.3"?
how high is this feeder bowl stand?
What size is the round opening?
Can someone tell me the height of this bowl?
What is the height of this raised feeder?
Can we buy additional bowls for this feeder from the company?
Can they be used with raw food?
Can these bowls be used if my dog is on a raw food diet?
Does it hold water or will it spill out? Is it wide enough for a Persian cat's face? My cat practically does a face plant to get to the water
What is the capacity of the dish?
I LOVE our new Choco and Cherry bowls with feeder! Where can I get replacement bowls for them if ones breaks or are dirty? Thanks!
Do the short supporting bars rotate to the other side? In the picture, these bars are on the wrong side. If a dog enters from the left, he should not be crossing a supporting bar as he turns to the right to go through the next opening in the weaves.
I've never purchased weave poles, do these pull out all the way straight too?
What is the outside diameter of the upright stubs that the poles fit on? What is the diameter of the poles?
What is the spacing between the poles? Thanks!
I'm looking for indoor weave poles. Are these suitable? Confused because the description says "...and grass stakes"
Has anyone used these indoors? Can they be taped to a mat or floor?
Is the base metal? Some reviews say yes, others say no.
Are the flat bars on the base metal or plastic? Some reviewers say metal, and some say plastic. Thanks.
Is it possible to detach the poles in groups of two, in order to train using the 2x2 weave method?
In 2x2 training you are closing the "channel" as the dog begins to get the idea --- how is this adjustment made? Do you have to screw and unscrew?
How does it work? How long does it 'cool'?
This says it ships in 1-3 months. Seems like a long time to wait for this item. Does it actually take that long to ship within the US? I'm in CA.
How long does it stay cool?
Does anyone know whether any part of this is made in China?
How strong is the cover, if my dog paws at a a couple time during his flight will it rip easily?
Would this work for feral cats? I'd put it inside their outdoor house.
Does this filter work for a shrimp tank? The shrimps won't get stuck or the filter will suck them up?
Does filter come with flat-prong-plug? I have very narrow space so any adopter won't be fit. Please let me know. Thank you.
Would you recommend this product for a 1.5 gallon betta tank?
Will this work in a 5.5 gallon betta tank?
The filter in our Aqueon mini bow stopped working, and those are not sold separately. Can we get rid of that one, and use this one instead?
What replacement cartridge should I buy for this?
does it works on 220 Volts?
I assume this filter must be positioned vertically. What is the minimum water line required for it to work properly?
How is the flow rate adjustable? I see the answers here, but none of them really explain how to do it.
How to adjust flow rate?
Is the product shown on March 13, 2014 the real 'jerky'? they look like they are. Or, is this the 'new' (and awful) paw shaped treat?
Was going to order this larger bag, but saw all the reviews about misrepresentation and contents all crumbled....is this still true?
I want the stuff I bought at Sams last year... My dogs AND cat loved them - Are these the paw shaped treats that would fall apart? It wasn't jerky.
what is shelf life
Why was the product changed from jerkey to bisquit???
does this include the remote?
Is this just an add on collar without a remote?
Can this be used as an alternative to a bark collar or other training closer to home?
How easy is it to train and work with 2 dogs and one transmitter? I am worried about shocking the wrong dog, or not switching quick enough to correct
I see that people are using this on multiple dogs but can I use the warning beep as well as the static shock or do I have to pick one or the other?
this is a great device...great for beaches and woods....but does it work on the older model..the st120 b....it doesnt say it does and i suppose that is meaningful....that one has to be over 10 years old....
is this sold with a warranty?
How well does this unit work when using with two dogs?
What is the distance range on this unit ?
Would you recommend this collar to take to the beach, with a dog who loves to swim?
Can you pair this to work with a regular SD-425 (non-S) remote?
Does it come with its own charger?
Is this pink or red?
What does the SDR-AS stand for? Is this a complete system or just a second collar, no remote?
Is it waterproof?
Will this work with the 825 series?
How easy is it to train and work with 2 dogs and one transmitter? I am worried about shocking the wrong dog, or not switching quick enough to correct
Is this a complete system, including the collar, transmitter, and remote?
Is this collar work with the sport dog Fieldtrainer 400 &amp;400S? as aadd on collar for my second dog? Thank you
Will this also work to keep deer out of my garden?
Will this also keep deer and rabbits out of my garden?
Is it water proof/rain proof?
New to raising poultry. Does this work with netting like http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B002...
Will this contain horses in a pasture?
Will this work with polytape? How much will the use of polytape reduce the distance it will cover?
I,m going to run a 164 foot length &amp; 20inch high net fencing around my garden will this charger work for this set-up ?
Does this clip onto hot wire tape for a horse corral?
Does the charger come with the battery?
what other supplies are needed for installation for area 20' x 60' garden?
What are the size?
WHERE ARE THEY MADE?? IN USA
Are these made in the USA?
Are there pocket (s)? Is the strap adjustable?
How large of a dog can fit? My dog is about 16 lbs and is not as long as a true dachshund, but is longer than a chiuaua
How many pounds the bag carrier hold?
Will this fit my St. Bernard?
Dogs have a tail, why is there no room for their tail.
My Toy Poodle will be 4-5 pounds full grown, what size should I get?
maximum weight of dog to use this bag.
My Yorkie is 3 lbs. will she fall out or is the leg openings able to be tightened? Also how much is the shipping?
Will this fit a small child?
Can the straps be adjusted to have the pup fit in a different area(like on the side of the person)?
My puppy is about 2 lbs, is this to big for her size now?
in what sizes it comes?
What is happening in the product picture?!!! That dog is not happy AT. ALL.
what are the inside measurements?
Do you know where I could order a replacement door for this crate?
can you specify HxWxD?
What's the maximum size dog that can fit in there?
Can I purchase a replacement door for this product?
Does the "bark limiter" and remote work at the same time/together or do I have to choose/switch between the two?
I pretty much just need to train my dog not to bark at everything that moves :)....any recomendations?
Is it truly waterproof?
Which additional collars are needed to control 3 dogs from the Sport Deluxe
I have a 180 Mastiff with a typical mastiff sized large neck. Will this fit him?
Can the buttons be programmed for a High and Low setting of your choosing (one for marking behavior and one for corrections)?
How long does the battery last on a full charge
will it work when the dog is in water, i.e. the pool? we want to train him to stay out of pool
Will this vibrate when the dog barks, without using the remote? Or will it only vibrate when the remote is used?
Do you provide a power charger compatible for Australian?
If I have a friend that has the same training collar and I get this one will their controller work on my dog's collar?
I have an invisible fence that covers 5 acres, will this confuse my dog when I train him with this collar?
I have an young dog and an old one, the old one panics at the sound of any beep. Can this collar be run on vibration but silent at both ends?
Would you recommend this for a smaller dog like 20lbs jack Russell strong willed
We love our tri-tronic collar so my father is wondering if the unit would be to heavy for his yorkshire terrier that weighs 9.5 to 10 lbs
Is the display screen lighted?
Can the charger be plugged in internationally?
I have two dogs. Do you sell additional collar that will work with the device?
is the collar WATER PROOF?
I have a 2 yr. old G3 and it came with two length probes. Does this new model offer two lengths? If not, what about dogs with thick or long coats?
This needs an ingredients list.
Has anyone who has ordered this received dented cans?
Are there any artificial ingredients or chemicals in this product? And are all The Newman's Own certified organic?
Is this pate? shredded?
Does anyone know how much wet food is appropriate for an 11 lb. cat? She's not overweight &amp; not on a diet.How long will 24 cans go?
Are the cans lined with the white stuff that is bad for all of us?
Is it pate or shredded?
Is this a pate or shredded?
Any difference in taste 3 oz. vs. 5.5 oz(often is in other brands).
how many feet does it reach to?
would you buy it again?
Can this device plug into a wall? Or is it battery operated only?
maximun number feet this device is effective ?
live by a lake........is this unit water proof or just resistent ??
since you cnnot hear the soundnemitted, are here any lights etc that tells you it is going off
Does it work on Shepards.
Can All lights be covered up easily without covering the mic or otherwise inhibiting bark generated operation so it goes unnoticed by humans?
Is there a kind sold that is activated by the actual barking without someone having to be present for it to work
Can it be put near the top of a cement way on the other side of which are the barking dogs? And once it's there is it only activated by remote?
Is this Timothy Hall a 2nd cut? The one review indicated poor quality. My bunny doesn't like 1st cut.
How long before the hay goes bad? 2 MO, 6 MO or a year? Large quantities are cheaper, but not if it goes bad over time.
Hi, What cut is the current crop you selling? Thank you,
how big is this compared to a hay bale?
Is all 60 lbs shipped at once?
Is there any difference between what's sold through amazon and what's sold on smallpetselect.com?
you can put this right on your dogs collar?? You don't need a special harness correct?
how does this attach to the seat belt
can it hold a 70lb dog
This belt can be applied to all cars?
DOES THIS FIT A BMW SEAT BELT RECEPTICLE?
Will this buckle into the middle seatbelt clip? I've tried one in the past that woud not.
Will this work for dogs to put their head out the window? (Mine like to and won't jump out.)
Does this seatbelts keep the air bag from deploying an accident?
This belt can be applied to all cars?
Doe this belt work in a VW Jetta?
How long is just the lobster clip without the bone attached?
what size is the id tag?
Is Red Available?
does this include ingraving? What are the dimensions? Thank you.
Will it have your dogs name, address &amp; Ph. # on it.
I have a pit bull who can escape crates very easily, do you think this would hold up to a pit bull with speration anxiety?
What is the width of the base not including the side bars?
Does the crate arrive assembled?
Are your cases airline approved?
Are these Crates meets with IATA CR82 requirements? if yes do you have certificate?
what are the dimensions?
Is the large a good size for a female Australian Shepherd, up to about 45-50 lbs? Thanks.
Does it comply with cr82 iata requirements?
what is the size of the Large crate? it only gives the door size
What are the dimensions for the x-large crate? I have a 70-75lb lab mix and believe the large crate may be to small.
Is this crate compliant with the new CR80 IATA requirments for fighting dogs?
Does the crate come with the airline rails for the side?
What is the weight of the crate itself (outside of packing/shipping materials)?
What are the measurements of the Large size crate?
How big is the actual treat? I need very small treats.
Are these treats for cats too?
1.5 oz package - is that right?
what is the fat content of these
for one cat-how bad does the bag smell if you use it to clean its litter a couple days at a time before throwing it out? (seperate from kitch trash)
Is this bag biodegradable? Just calling the product "Earth Rated" doesn't mean it is.
can these bags fit into the dispenser that fit on the dog's leash?
Cat litter tends to be heavy. Are the bags thick enough to hold several days of litter waste without breaking?
Is there an unsented version of these bags?
Does this need to be refrigerated?
What is the quantity of, in mg., of fish oil, EPA, and DHA
Where is this product made?
Looking for the Guaranteed Analysis for your Pollock Oil, Thanks
What are the listed ingredients?
Does anyone know how the Pollock oil compares to the Salmon oil in omega-3 and -6 content?
Is there a nutritional analysis? I've been using hemp oil as an EFA supplement &amp; wonder how the two compare. Thanks!
I wanna know about expiry date?
Hello I am currently looking for the total amount of EPA per pump? Trying to figure out how long this will last my dog. I cant seem to find it.
Is there a dosage chart provided on the back of this?
what would be the shipping time to 02534
Does the Pollock oil smell as bad as the salmon oil? We finally gave up on salmon due to the smell.
How do I know if the oil I am getting is not rancid? I bought a large container and now wonder how long it is good for?
I have a twelve pound dog, can this be used on her? Does the vibration continue after you let go of the button?
Does the used one have the same warranty as a new one? What is that warranty? Does it come with a charger for the collar and remote?
is it waterproof
Is the New Gen the newest or the 3rd Gen the newest model? Is there a beep as well?
I bought this collar a short time ago and it fell apart. What do I do?
Is this too strong/harsh for 7lb Maltese? Does anyone use this with small dogs &lt;10lbs?
Do you think this would be too strong/harsh for my 7lb Maltese?
do they make a 3OZ refillable roll on?
Is this a glass bottle?
How do you refill this? I bought it because it is glass and refillable..I need to dilute with some water as it is to hot
What is the actual roll on piece made from? If it is a plastic, is it safe to use with DMSO?
Can this be dilluted with water or a carrier oil like almond or coconut oil?
What size should I buy for a 21 lb. Pug?
would a 15 pound jack russell be considered a small size or a medium size?... how do you know how to determine the size?
I am not sure why they have this in the message since customer reviews say boots are not included.Snuggy Boots keep paws cozy warm Prevent snow ect?
for chihuahuas
What size should I buy for a 10lbs Shorkie?
what size suspenders would fit a 30lb dog?
does this product come in other sizes?
I have an 8lb Italian Greyhound. He's tall and very skinny - would small work?
does it come wid the boots? or just suspenders?
Does this product include the boots?
Is this a pate formula or is it chunks or flakes? My cat will not eat the pate kind so I need to know before ordering.
Ingredient list?
Is this the 3 oz or 5.5 oz can? It does not say.
Is the price for ONE collar $50? Am I understanding this correctly?
What is the diameter of the collar? Especially for muscular "tom cats" that have big necks. ( a orange tabby rescue that was neutered late)
How have you outdoor cat owners faired? My neighbor recommended this since Banfield closed in my area &amp; I used to use first shield, which I can't get.
Has anyone used this collar on tiny runts AND thickly furred 20+lb long-haireds? Is it equally effective for both?
Is this collar the same collar and medication dosage that the vet sells?
2 of my cats lay on top of the comforter and the 3rd one likes to snuggle around my neck under the covers. Is that safe for me? Direct contact to me.
Does it work? Feeding 2 outdoor strays until I can find a forever solution. Need to find flea application they cannot rub right off in the dirt.
Do I need to have my cat &amp; dogs need to be groomed/clean prior to putting this collar on?
What about the risk of cats getting caught up on this collar for outside cats?
Can this collar be used with Revolution?
How long is the small collar
can i take off for groomer
Is it okay to use large dog collar on small dogs with bigger necks? Or can you use the cat collar??
What is the length of the large collar?
how long does the small collar measure?
The directions say keep the product out of their mouths. Is it a problem if my dog grabs my other dog by the neck while rough-housing?
Will the small one fit a schnauzer, neck 12 inches? I wonder if only one more inch is big enough to get through the clasp?
Does anyone know or has anyone used the rebate when purchasing through amazon?
Has anyone had theirs come off the dog?
Is this collar water proof for dogs who swim everyday?
can i wear this? i am a humanoid.
what is the weight for a large dog collar?
why does it say that you are not to sleep with your pet? If they can eat it with no side effects//
Is it true you are not supposed to sleep with your pet if she has this collar?
Hi, I'm living in central California, ticks tend to be ferocious here. I'd like feedbacks of anyone who used Seresto instead of Advantix?is it better?
Is there any reason to continue frontline with this product or is everything but heartworm covered?
Flea collars tend to have an odor; is this true with the Seresto collar as well
Can you attach a tag to the collar or can it be worn in concert their existing collar and tag?
can it be used on cats?
So, once you put this collar on your dog, you basically just remove it after 8 months...It's that simple?
how heavy a dog can sit on it
Would this cot be OK for a 20 lb. main coon cat?
It it large enough for two dogs? One is 13lbs (Yorkie) the other is 20lbs (Yorkie Poo). Think they both can lay on it?
Does the top come off if I want to use it inside?
How high off the ground is the bed?
can't get it to relaase for storage
I can't get the button in place to secure it, so it starts to collapse when he tries to sit in it. Is there a trick to getting it to click?
I just bought one and can't release the button to close it - how is it done
is this size good for American bullkdobulldog
What is the weight capacity for this item?
I have a shih-tzu, he's a little bigger than the average ones, would he fit in the small one? 24X24X29?
I have just received this item. I am confused as to how to extend it. the top is sagging and its not completely elevated. Are there leg adjustments
I am having difficulty folding mine up. Any clues?? Please help!!!!! No instructions available?
Is this safe to use outside on grass, on carpet and laundry?
What is the formula to dilute it? For instance how much water to a cup of concentrated Accel? Thanks in advance for your answer.
Will it kill ringworm on laundry and surfaces? Does it have to be rinsed off before an animal can access a surface or bedding treated with it?
If this a hydrogen peroxide how does it compare to oxyclean?
Does Accel have a scent? Is fragrance added?
Does this kill distemper virus
If you mix up a dilution, can it be sprayed on a surface? Is there a problem using it as an aerosol?
Is this safe to use outside on grass, on carpet and laundry?
Is this a concentrate ready to be diluted?
AGAIN, DO YOU CARRY THIS IN A SPRAY BOTTLE???
where is this made
How big is one treat?
Is there any chicken product in the treats?
why isn't there a tiny shock collar for the invisible fences. my chihuahua has to wear a shock collar and also a smart door collar, please help
Is the collar included
does it have a remote control so I can shock the dog
Is it water proof?
how do i set so it only vibrates and doesn't shock
Is this the whoe thing--or do I need other componets to make this work? I
Can you purchase a replacement for the transmitter? Mine got lost.
I have 2 yorkies that need trained. I need 2 collars. if i purchase 2 sets will they shock the wrong dog with a correction.
Will this fit a 5 lb dog?
Can this be set to vibration only, with no shock at all?
how thick is the acrylic
Will it come with everything I need to assemble it, or would I have to buy tools, etc.?
is it 15 wide outside to outside
i have a 125 gallon tank what size would i need and also i see in some pictures it has a sock holder and some do not is it a standard item that come
will this be big enough for a 300 gallon? it will house stingrays and arowanas
Is this large enough for a 240 gal freshwater fish only set up?
Does this include the 35 gallon refugium, or just the pieces inside?
Can you take out the pad and wash it?
What is the interior made of? Would it work to put a pan in it and use as a litter box?
measurements
could this be used outside?
Is this brown or did it come black?
what are the measurements
Does the bed/pad that is pictured come with the item?
Is this strong enough for a person to sit on?
Does the top flip up?
Some people complained of formaldehyde in some of these ottomans..maybe from another company. Does this one have formaldehyde?
Has anyone used this on dogs with THICK coats? We have a Great Pyr. mix....curious if it will make it through her dense coat w/o clogging.
This looks just like the Wahl Lithium Ion clippers that's marketed for humans. What's the difference between the human and the pet versions, if any?
Has anyone used it on a golden retriever? If so, does it work effectively?
Hey, I've a wire foxterrier, he has a thick coat and it's curly. What do you think, is it possible to cut his hair with this clipper ?
have aPersian cat how well does this clipper work on her thick fur ?? Thanks Lilly
How many hours to fully charge? Thank you
may sound dumb, but, have had other clippers, first for lithium--how do you turn it on?-on the side is a circle--did my usual, but nothing--charged it
I live overseas and want to check the voltage on this. Is the charger compatible with 100-240V?
How many times can you use a blade before it gets dull and how do you know when it gets dull? I've never clipped a dog before but its time to learn!
What size blades come with this clipper?
Is it easy to clean?
What is the model number of the pump?
Does this automatically shut off if the water level gets low?
Where is this made? Thanks :)
does it have plastic parts
Has anyone found a good way to clean the pump? The goo described below seems to make the pump run slowly even when the filters are changed frequently.
1) is the motor loud? 2) do you need to clean the motor? 3) can you hear the water trickling?
Anyone buy this for small dogs, like a pug? Can their heads fit to drink from bottom bowl? My cat and dog use the same water bowl. thx!
How long has it taken for people's cats to use this? I set it up yesterday, and my cat is totally disinterested.
Does it have a switch or do you have to unplug it to turn it off?
How does it compare to the pagoda version?
I have VERY BAD HARD WATER problems in my home. My current water fountain is full of deposits. Any tricks that are safe to use? Anyone experience this issue with this fountain?
Does water flow over any plastic or metal parts inside the unit?
where can I get instructions on cleaning this fountain?
Does this fountain splash water and is the sound of water loud, or is the water not falling directly into the water?
How long is the electrical cord?
Is there any area that collects pet hair or does it just get stuck to the motor? My drinkwell platinum has a debri filter than a charcoal filter.
Would you purchase this kind of fountain again or change to another?
What are the dimensions of the avalon fountain?
How would you rate the sound level, quiet, medium, or loud? Can you suggest a nice, but quiet fountain?
Does the remote allow you to train 2 dogs separately or do they both feel the vibration at the same time?
Does anyone know how to sync up this new collar with old remote. My collar did not come with instructions and can't find anything online? Thank you.
can i use the colloar on a out of control 10 week old puppy?
I had this system and my collar stopped working, the remote works though; will this replacement collar work or do I need an entirely new system?
Is it rechargeable and come with a charging dock?
what size dog
Is this truly for a 1.8 lb bag? My local pet store has a 9.8 lb bag for the same price.
Im just wandering ... there are two if you who bought this.. and I just have too know if you both recived just 1.8 pounds for 17.99 ?
is this for one bag? Price does not seem right compared to average of online and in store prices for same item
How large is It?
What are the dimensions?
Would this be large enough for an African Grey and an Amazon?
Could this carrier be appropriate for International Travel in cargo for a love bird?
I need to house a Green Cheeked Conure for 5 days days/nights and travel for 5 hours each way by car. Will this size and cage work for that amount of time?
what are the size dimensions on this carrier?
Could this also work a "sleep cage" for a Green Cheek Conure?
i have a yellow nape amazon...too small for this cage?
difference between feliway products?
Is the comfort zone refill the same thing as the feliway refill and will they fit the feliway diffuser?
Has anyone used both this and the original Feliway, and is there any difference?
Hi! I want a 12 pack,why is expensive than buying the 6 one?! Thanks
what is the difference between comfort zone with feliway and reg feliway?
My vet just said that Feliway is phasing out the old diffuser for a new model that won't be compatible. How do you tell the difference?
Do you have to change the diffuser every 6 months like the instructions say to do?
At 3 weeks fluid level is very low &amp; brown wick still in fluid. Do you let bottle run dry? How low do you let fluid level get before switching refill?
Is there an expiration date or "best by" date on these? The six pack may save money, but only if they'll keep over the next few months.
How long do they last?
Does it come with the cats? I'm not really sure if i can feed two more animals.
How long will it last?
How tall is it from the floor to the first level? Worried it is too high of a jump for my special needs cat, Thanks!
What are the dimensions of the posts?
What are the dimensions of both boxs?
I have a 15 lb cat. Will he fit comfortably in this?
How high is it to the 3rd tier platform and how high to the lower bed?
whats the length and width of the product?
I would like to get a cat blanket inside housing area. What are the dimensions?
Diameter of the bed areas?
The shock does not seem to work well on mine. I put it up to 7 and the dog just looks at me! Help!
Where or how can I order a second collar? I have one and we really like it but we now have a second dog and want one for her too.
does this set come with a warranty and if so can you get an extension.
can you get another collar and use for two dogs
What is the collar size?can this item be used with 2 collars? if so how much and how do i order the extra collar?
are replacement batteries available and what kind are they?
Is it one that the dog should only wear for a short time and under close supervision? I was surprised to learn many sweaters had this stipulation
I have placed an order for this sweater, it indicates all sizes but accordingly this one is a small. Is this a small? That is the size I am ordering
How to I get to pick a size? I have a 12 pound miniture schnauzer.
How can I order other sizes?
my dog is 45 pds what size do i need
my dog is about 18lbs, 18" in length, and chest girth of about 19". what size do you think is good for him?
what are the american dimensions for this sweater?
i was not given the option for a size. my dog is small about 12 lbs. what size do you suggest I just ordered this
What are the dimensions of a small and what are the dimensions of a medium?
How can I select the size? Or is it one size fits all?
Can a full size adult cat about 20 pounds fit inside of this or is it just for kittens? I bought my cat that cat tunnel thing and she is too big to fit inside of it, and she loves hiding inside of things like this..
Can I use this outside for feral cats?
Does the little ramp come with the tent ?
Can you please provide me with the dimensions? We have an oval litter box and I want to make sure this will fit.
where did you get for $4.00? price now ?11.75 on sale, regularly $16.39. need to know before purchase this one, peeper
I'd be using this as a toy/hidey place for my cat so does anyone know if it's washable? What is the fabric?
I have a 10 years old cocker spaniel, what size u recommend.
what are the paw dimensions on the size 5 boots??
Hi! I have a 14 year old miniature poodle and she is blind. Will these shoes fit her? If not, could you recommend some shoes that may be good for her?
Is there sizing information so I can know what size?
HI My dog is 12-15 pounds Bichon Frise..so is this fit my dog?
Can u post sizing info please
will these shoe's fit a 32pound cockial spaniel? Would like to know before I buy!
It is nice to know they are Size 5. However in my search for boots I found that each 5 is different. What is the length and with of the sole?
will these shoes fit a chihuahua?
What are the dimensions for "size 5"? Looking for shoes to fit my ToyYorkie (need1.75 inches wide accordg to his Simply Dog shoe size guide).
I don't have headrests in the back seat; will this still work? Those seats do flip down, does the long strap mentioned fit behind the entire bench?
How easy is it to install and take on and off? Time to take on and off? I don't want it on all the time but don't want to not use it due to hassle.
I have leather seats. Does the car seat cover slip around or does it have a rubber backing?
Can u use car seats with this cover?
What material makes up the seat cover? How durable is it?
Will mud wash out of the gray color?
Can I still use seat belts and car seat latch anchors?
The material looks rough and scratchy. Is it?
Is the cover one piece or can you separate it to use it in the cargo area and on the seat?
How does this work for a sedan?
Can this fire hydrant be used as a ice chest in the back yard.
is this a one piece plastic product? or is a storage box with multiple pieces
Does this fade from the sun or crack in the harsh winter?
Does it work with older dogs. Our lab/collie is 8 years old. Planted some evergreens which he has discovered is a great place to pee
how many pounds of food does it hold?
Doesn't the dog chew the ends off the protrusions on the side?
Can I put a light bulb inside so it lights up?
Can I put a light bulb inside so it lights up?
can it be cut to put a spout on it and use it as a drinking dispenser.
How do you keep the top from falling off? Does it need to be glued on? If so, what kind of glue should be used?
Can the remote on this model control two collars? I'm trying to decide between the wetland and the field trainer.
how long will the battery last before recharging
how do I get an additional collar
how hard is it to control 3 different collars with this remote?
can u use on a 12 lbs dog
Does this set have the option to shock dog automatically when it barks and also only when I chose to press button?
Does this particular package include the charging device?
how big does the color go i have a 5 month old english lab want to know if it will fit him?
I just purchased the 425 camo, and am wondering: can two transmitters control the same collar?
what is the range of this collar?
Before I order this I would like to know the range that it will work.
I have a block wall between my neighbors dogs and I, can it work through block walls?
A local cat yowls and rips at window screen to get to our indoor (also yowelling ) would this send it away without hurting my cat nearby?
what is the range? How far away does it work?
Can someone please tell me the exact dimensions (height, width, depth) of this once it is built? I do not see the measurements in the ad. Thank you!
I have a 7 year old large California rabbit curious if it can be used indoors ? ? Thanks(:
Could the "yard" be modified to make it a single story instead of two story?
What do you use for the lower run on the right so rabbits don't urinate when indoors? Is there a tray?
Can the different areas be divided for unaltered males/females?
Is it good for rats?
What do you put on the lower run so when rabbit urinates it doesn't get on the floor? Is there a way to modify or to add something in it?
What are the dimensions?
Is the flooring made of wire? I want to avoid getting wire grating floors for the cage.
What are the dimension of the 2 boxes when it's shipped?
these feet look tasty , are they OkAy for human consumption ?
The question regarding if the duck feet are sourced in the USA was not answered. I, too, will require this information before purchase.
Are there any chemicals on these? I noticed some brands are dry where as these are wet/sticky. Thanks...
I know they say they are "Made in the USA", but are the feet also sourced in the USA?? Or are they sourced elsewhere and processed in the USA?
About how many duck feet are in one of these bags? 2 lbs doesn't help when I don't know how heavy a single foot is!
Can animals see out the sides of these containers? It looks like only the top is mesh?
Does it only come in grape color?
are the 2 compartments easily removable ?
Is the stroller easy to make turns and does it glide easily?
Is this easily collapsable to carry as well? I'm looking to get a stroller to get on the bus only and then wanting to carry the stroller after.
I've lost my directions - - how do you collapse this stroller??? Help - help!! Thank you!
Why should I purchase here for 167.31 w/ shipping instead of purchasing from PetEdge for a total of 143.45 w/ shipping? 23.86 Cheaper.
Can you carry the compartments.
What is weight capacity of each unit? Can it be easily folded for travel by car?
Could I cut this down the middle and make 2? It looks like the middle is sealed off??
hi, does the dog have to be laying directly on top? or can it be placed inside the bed cover? will she still feel the benefits?....Thank you.
Can I freeze this and put it under towel for my kitty?
Does it NEED to be refrigerated? I want a cooling mat I can forget about.
Do you think this product would travel well? I want something to put on my dogs camping cot to keep him cool when we camp. Thank you!
My space for a litter box is very small. Are the listed product dimensions 16 x 10 x 12 inches accurate?
some of these type covers are not made of a material that is "cleanable" meaning they absorb the urine moisture and odors. How is this one?
is there a hood on the side opening to keep other pets out?
what is it made out of?
I ordered this, but it did not come with assembly instructions. Help!
As shown, the opening for the litter box is on the right end if you are facing the cabinet front. Is it possible to assemble it to open on the left???
Does it come already assembled?
is this a better option than the designer Catbox Litter Box for larger cats?
Can the cat opening be placed on either side during assembly?
Does this run on just battery life? or is the USB needed to run the aquarium?
How much water does the tank hold?
You keep the water running all the time?
I have a treeing walker coonhound what size should I get?
Is a size 3 ok for a 65lb lab?
do you have to attach this muzzle to the collar
I have a small standard poodle long nose. ..not sure what size to get she is about 45 pounds.
I have a lab very nerves dog so I need this for biting she is 125 lb but her nose is 4 long and 11 and Size 3 3" 10.5" Size 4 is way to big
i have a 40lb "bully" american bulldog will be about 85lb when full grown, what size sloud i get"
how do i measure my dog
How do youdecide on a size?
My dog measures at exactly the size 3 dimensions but will this be too tight? 3" nose and 11" circumference, does there need to be any extra room?
What is size 3? I have a 40 pound poodle mix with a skinny nose
how do i know what size to order? springer spaniel, 50 lbs medium size head rather slim snot michael moret
I have a large bulldog/pit mix. Short, wide snout. Snout is 3" long and about 11" circumference. Will a size 4 be okay?
Is this made exactly the same as the black one? And is the material the same quality?
does it work for boston terrier?
What determines the Size of the muzzle? I have a 70 pound golden doodle
I have a border collie with a slightly wider snout and he bites sometimes. what size for him?
What size should I consider for a Scottish Terrier as they are small dogs but have big mouth and necks?
Description says engraved, yet reviews say it was stamped and then it rubbed off. Pic looks like it's stamped, NOT engraved. Which?
Is the text on the tags etched or cut into the metal? Is is silk screened on? If the later, how long does it last?
If I don't need four lines of text, will the text be centered in the middle? I only want the name centered on the front, and my info on back.
which is the diameter of the round Small and regular tag?
what are the measurements of the tags
Does the tag come with a ring or something to attach it to the collar?
The picture shows the first line in larger type than the other lines. Is this actually the way they do it?
How do you get the dog identification to the company to be engraved?
can someone give the exact dimension of the small bone shape AND small round tag?
How many maximum letters per line should be written for the address?I am gifting this for a dog in India where addresses are big.
what is the size of the small round tag?
what are the dimensions of the regular bone shaped one? Mydog is 16lb....I dont know if I should get a small bone or regular bone. Thanks
How does it attach to the collar?
How do you add engraving info?
What is the diameter of the regular (not small) round tag? (Very surprised seller doesn't provide any tag measurements at all.)
still wondering how small the smallest stainless circle tag is&hellip;there were 3 different answers given.
My poodles are 3 to 4 pounds and I have five. With the quick clip tag and the small ID together, what is the total length of the bone or the round?
If I only want my pet's name on the front, will it fit the entire bone? Or will it only take up 1 of the 4 lines?
What are the dimensions of the small and/or regular heart-shaped tags?
I have a mini aussie who weighs 21lbs. I am wondering if the small dog bone would be too small. Does anyone have measurements for the regular bone?
I am sitting up a 75 gallons tank in my office i don't want to clean it a lot what fluval pump would you suggest
How is the longevity of the FX6 compared to other filters people have owned? (primarily Eheim). I will be using it in a turtle tank if that matters...
Will the Fluval FX6 be too powerful for a 105 gallon planted tank with angelfish. I am now using the XXL API and I constantly have to clean the thing
Will the filter work properly if my water level 12 in. below my aquarium top rim? manual says water level no more than 7.8 in.
Can someone provide the rough dimensions of the FX6 canister? I just want to make sure it will fit through the opening in my aquarium cabinet, thx
How does the purge valve work? I tried using mine earlier and no water came out. would i have to force a manual siphon (inhaling water)?
Hello, My cabinet only had 21.5 inch clearance. Can any user let me know will the FX6 fit? Thanks!
I'm considering this filter for an *outdoor* 150 gallon red eared slider tank. What are your guys' thoughts? Thanks in advance!!!
Are the hoses that come with the filter of good quality? They look similar to the hoses I used to have on my swimming pool and those used to break
Will the water continue to siphon to the filter if the power goes out?
What is the length of the collar? I need to know if it will fit my dachshund.
Can the collar be turned off during the day and indoors?
What type of batteries go in the collar and are they easy to replace?
What is the size length of the small? My dog's neck is 11". Would I need an extra small? Also what is the width in inches?
Is this big enough for a blue fronted amazon?
I have a bird with an injured leg, she is on her way to recovery but a need a perch that can adjust very close to the botoom, minimal distance between
Is the bottom sturdy? Also, what are the feeding cups made of? Can you screw a play hook on under them?
What is the minimum distance between the perch and the dish that can be adjustable??? I have a bird with
Is this large enough for an african grey?
I have bought a Marimo Aquarium Kit on here on Amazon. I'm wondering if that would work with the shrimp? Any Ideas? Thanks
do these shrimp need marine salt? and are they in a tank or bag when received?
Do I need a water filter for these shrimps?
Do you send a small bad of cultured water or a few smaller rocks?
Would these work with a pair of horsefish in a 50 gallon tank?!
Could these live in a baby biorb tank?
are they actually in a ecosphere
can these shrimp eat algae flakes/pellets or other fish foods or must they be cultivated with a fully established algae-filled tank?
how is the durability of the leash component? Anyone ever had any wear issues with extended use??
How long is the device from the point where it attaches to bike to the end of the leash?
How "tall" in inches is the connector part that goes under the seat? I don't ave a lot of room on the seat stem because I have a lock holder there.
Can you attach this to the bike frame rather than the seat post?
Is the lengths of the leash adjustable? I have 17lb Boston terrier. Is this device good for small dog?
I have a tricycle, will it be ok if I use it in the front tube?
does this come with the clamp to mount to the bike?
I have a 75 lb american bulldog/pit bull mix who is pure muscle and LOVES to pull. Will this product hold up to him?
My order (from January 4th) was cancelled today-due to a lack of availability from the seller, but the product is still listed as 'in stock'. Why???
Can this be used on a baby stroller? I would love to take my dog with me when but he crosses in front of the stroller.
What is the minimum height this can be adjusted to? We have a Prius C and the back seat has a pretty short seat-to-ceiling distance.
will it fit a ford escape 2011 ?
what is the spacing between the bars,I have a very enthusiastic dog.
Is this the improved 2014 version?
Will this fit the rear seats of a 2010 Honda Fit? I want to keep my one in the cargo area away from the backseat passenger area.
I'd like to use this on the front seat head rests. If I do will it restrict adjusting the individual seats?
Will it fit a 2014 Ford Flex?
My rear headrests are not adjustable, but thy do have bars showing. How much bar space is needed to attach the unit?
Do the headrests have to be all the way up for installation and use?
Will it fit a 2013 Mercedes GL550? There is a center headrest in the 2nd row.
Would this cage work for an Eclectus?
Is this cage ok for African Grey?
What brand is this cage?
Is this cage way too large for one green cheek conure?
What is the wood that the perches are made of?
Does it include the bowls
What colors are available?
Can you put the seed and the water in from the outside or do you have to open the door to feed and water?
What is the bar thickness ?
We received the cage, but there are no instructions on how to put it together. Is there anything on line or can you email me directions on how to put
what is the size of this cage
what are the dimensions of this cage?
does it come out with the water bottle, bowl, bedding?
can the cage easily fit a hedgehog with space
Does it come with a hidey hut?
What is the bar spacing for this cage? Would it be good for a Syrian hamster?
big enough for two guinea pigs?
Is this a break-away? Is there room for a bell?
Does the tie go over the pet's head and cinch tighter, or does it clasp/buckle close? If its a clasp, what type (buckle, bra-type, snap, etc.)?
Will this fit a 3 -4 lb Chihuahua?
I fell in love with this! Hoping it will fit my 6 week old kitten- Has anyone attempted this?
Does this wire work with directional systems like the PetSafe Yardmax Rechargeable fence?
What is the shipping weight? I have to have it forwarded to costa rica.
What is the voltage rating for your 18 Gauge Boundary Wire for In-Ground Dog Fence?
Is the jacking waterproof?
Is it solid wire or not?
Is this solid core?
are larger cats ok for this product
Can anyone tell me what size the "condo's" inside dimensions are? I have a 11lb cat who needs something like this to snooze inside of
What size of litter box would fit on the bottom? I'm not going to put the hammock part on.
What is the depth and length of this?
Can anyone please attest to the durability of this item? How long have you had them?
I wish that top platform had a 'lip'. My cat sometimes falls when stretching. Could I nail in a railing to it?
is it sturdy but also soft for the cats
are the inside of the condos carpeted?
Does anyone know the overall weight of this cat tree?
Can someone also tell me how many inches up from the base/floor to the condos? Thank you!
I have a 12g eclipse tank. would this light work for like zoa's and shrooms?
What is the power supply like? Is it 120V/240V?
How is it for growing HC?
Can I use this on my flu all spec 3 2.6 gallon. I'm doing nano aquascape
I don't think I'll be able to get this thing off of my tank. Are replacement mounts available?
I have 3 little amazon swords growing on one side of a 5 gallon Betta tank. Will this help them grow better? They've done nothing for 3 months now.
I have the 12 gal fluvial edge, will this fit ? I is completely covered except for a small square in back. and if not, what can i use?
Can this light us @ Fluval Spec tank?
How many watts? It's good for nano reef? It won't heat the water a lot?
Has anyone purchased this vest for a small dog around 10 pounds? If so, can you tell me how it is working for you.
What are the dimensions of the velcro patches?
I have a goldendoodle who is 55-60 pounds, with the body of a standard poodle. She is 9 and done growing. Would she be a medium or a large?
What is the country of Manufacture of this Vest?
my dog is 65 lbs what size do I get she is a huskey
I have a dog real service dog with a 37" girth. I bought a vest from another company whose dimensions were wrong. Can you help
Does this vest come with the words "SERVICE DOG" on both sides?
Are the patches sewn on&amp; is there a pocket?
Have 85lb Aussie/Collie. How do sizes run and how quality? Thanks
are the service dog patch swen on?
what is size of patches?
why does the front strap not fit flat
what size is the 22"-29" girth vest considered, and what size patches does it take?
Other question she has a very broad chest. Does the chest adjust? 32 inch around I'm thinking xl but please let me know.Would like to order tomorrow
My dogs girth is 26" which size vest should I get (22" to 29") or (26" to 33") ? ASAP please
WHAT SIZE FITS A 14 LB DOG?
I'm traveling on a plane with my ESA for the first time and know that a vest helps people see the dog as a necessity. Is this or "ESA" better?
I will be getting an 8 week old lab puppy in another week. Should we start on the Small or XSmall?
My dog has a girth of 26" She is 13 months old and we are working on losing five pounds to pass the CGC. Would medium be okay?
How do I measure my dog's "girth"? She's a7-year old 73 pound Black Lab/Border Collie mix. Thanks
My dog is 11 months old and measured at 26 inches. He's right in the middle of the 22-29 but at the tail end of the 26-33. Which do you recommend?
what is the measurement of the velcro patch?
I have a 2 year old Corgi and I measured him being 21-22 girth. 21 with it being snugly and 22 being a bit looser. Should it be pretty snug on him?
Can you get service dog patches to replace the in training patches or would I have to buy new harness?
Please help me out here: I've got a 55 lb. Pit Lab pup @ 6 months. Would you recommend Large or X- Large? He isn't too big (yet)
Does the vest have to be slipped onto the dog or does it have Velcro anywhere on it?
Where are the sizing guidelines?
what fabric is this compression shirt made of and is this fabric highly flammable?
My labradoodle weighs 105 pounds - will an XL fit her?
Looking for something similar for my huge crazy goldendoodle puppy. He's small under all that fur (58 lbs) but I'm wondering if we should do the XL?
does anyone know sizing for the shirt?
Do these pads keep your pet dry if they should have an accident while sleeping? Thank you!
Do these pads leak at all? I have NEVER bought any brand that is truly waterproof..frustrating!!!
Will these pads stick or stay with a slippery floor?
Is the bottom side of the pad made of a WATERPROOF material or just a water RESISTANT fabric??? Thank you!
First use. WHAT side goes up? Smooth or quilted???? My Maltese pee'd and all it did is pool and run off...
Do these smell?
how do i contact you to get engraved info put on tag?
How many lines and characters can I put on the small sized tag? Thanks!
I just put a new tag on my puppy and she had the phone number chewed where it couldn't even be read in 3 days. It wasn't a stainless steel one though. Has anyone had this problem?
In the photo for the small tag it shows 6 lines of text not 5. Is this correct? What amount of lines and characters can I get on the small tag?
best size for a cat?
How many letters can I fit on each line of the LARGE tag? Does that include or not include spaces? Thanks for the quick reply.
can it be engraved on both sides ? would like information on front, &amp; on back to say Caution if you can read this RUN !!
where do I add the engraving message on the order form
I have just bought tow tags but saw nowhere to enter the information. How can I now do this?
I would like to purchase the bronze tag but it is not available in small. I have one of your tags already and it is great, I need one for my cat, now.
I need 1 tag for each of 2 dogs. Do I place 1 order or 2? How do I get the info on the tags? Is there a supplier phone number?
Is the data on the tag engraved or stamped?
please could you tell me the line and character limit for the small tag?
where do i put the info to be engraved?
I have a dog that is a chihuahua min pinscher mix, she is about 10 pounds, I do not know what you mean by girth, how do I figure this out?
Are there any other patches I can get with this vest, besides Therapy Dog? I was hoping to get one Therapy Dog and one In Training.
what size are the patches? Are they different sizes on the different size vests?
I just received my order looks great but I have no idea how to put it on my dog??
My dog is 17" - right between XXS and XS. Which one should I get?
My dog measures 30" around his chest. He's an Akita /Golden Retriever mix weighing 74 Lbs. Would the large or the extra large be a better fit for him
I want to use this on about an 8-10G refugium growing macro algae. Will it work on a timer. Anyone have any experience using this that way?
Will this light mount on a "standard" aquarium with a "standard" lip? (No clue about 16 mm!)
Does anyone know how many watts this light converts to?
i want to grow some HC or dwarf hairgrass on my Fluval Chi, is this light suitable for that purpose?
Is the AC supports 220V?
Will this work on my 29 gallon sump with a 12-15 gallon refugium?
what is it made of?
is assembly required
How does the faux fur hold up?
Does it come in one piece or does it have to be pieced together?
Does this set come with 2 pairs of socks or just 2 socks? It is not clear in the image and the description. Thank you.
will these fit my 30# schnauzer
Would these fit my 20 lb Italian Greyhound?
22 pound jack russell, what do you think?
Are the bags scented?
are they biodegradable?
If I were to purchase the 800 count, how many rolls are in a carton? How many bags on a roll. thanks
how many bag do you get?
Does this work with the rear seats reclined?
is a install parts kit sold separately? We have one of these but can't find the install parts.
Anyone install themselves? Subaru charges $120 to install I just need to know if there are any special tools involved.
Will it fit 2014 Outback and can you still use the car seat teathers
How do you take it out when not in use?
Will this fit a 2011 Outback?
Will it fit a 2000 or 2004 Subaru Outback?
Does this also fit a 2014 Outback?
Will it accept a racquetball or are tennis balls the only acceptable ball?
What tennis balls are compatible with the k-9 kannon. Nowhere does it suggest a certain number hyper-pet ball
Will it shoot more than one ball at a time? Jack
Does it come with a tennis ball?
Does it still launch well/as far once the ball is wet?
Someone pulled it too far and it's stuck! Anyway to get it to release so we can use it again?
could i use this in a tennis ball war, do i need to but propane or hairspray or something to launch the ball
If you shoot vertical, how high will the tennis ball go?
The rubber bands wore out and broke. Where do I get a new rubber band?
How far does it shoot the ball?
Are these compatible with PetStop brand collars/ system? (6V)
What is the expiration date on your battery packages? I bought 2 oline one time and they had expired dates-so thats a concern and important to know-
Hello, I bought two batteries last Oct. to test them. I just got around to use them this week and one did not work. Is that my problem ?
Hi, do these batteries fit any invisible fence collar? Our collar is aboout 10 yrs old. Please let me know. Thanks
Confused about shapes/colors. Is every shape and size available in every color? If so, makes for a ton of options...
how do i send the instruction for the engraving?
What are the dimensions of each tag? How many letters can be engraved on each? Please don't say "I don't know."
We want to order a large pink heart tag. How many lines and total characters can be put on EACH side?
Is the green tag a dark green or more of a lime green?
Are these tags plastic or metal?
Can these be orderd blank only and if so how?
Can I have the name on the front and phone numbers on the back of the small round one?
where do you put dog's name and phone number
What is the size of the small heart?
I bought this several years ago .. the flexible/rubber edges that is around the edge of the door has worn off .. where can I get a replacement ??
Can someone tell me the measurements on this one?
What are the dimensions for the doorway? Dimensions for the hole cut? Dimensions for the Overall trim etc.? Have existing pet door...upgrading
Is the door insert panel (when you do not want your pet coming and going) also aluminum, or just the frame?
What are the dimensions?
IS the entire pet home washable ? thank you
IS the entire pet home washable ? thank you
Has anyone tried a fairly large cat in this?
Does anyone know if this works for barking. I have 8 little yappers .
would you suggest buying the total package ($100.00) or the limited package with video.
I see this item advertised for small, medium, large, and pups? Is this item universal, and can it be used for any size dog?
is this collar like the metal pinch collar? can I use that same collar? he's a GSD and his neck fur is very thick.
Any experience with SUPER dog-agressive dogs?
Been using for a wk on my 13wk great pyree pup. He has become more aggressive. I use a muzzle and gloves but he still resists. Anything I can do?
Up to what size does the small collar fit? I do not find the measurements.
I have two labs, both males, how do I get the one to stop 'attacking' jumping on the other one??
What is the Freedom rope for? Do i need it?
barking does this training address barking?
Do you have to keep the collar on permanently to maintain your dog's good behavior or can you remove it once you feel like they've "graduated"?
are the cards necessary?
I have a dog that was labeled as a dangerous dog(a pit mixed). How will this benefit me and him? He is aggressive and jumps on people
Does he cover Bichon Frise in his video
I have a rescued dog that is seven years old.He won't bark, is not house broken, and will not cross over any threshold. Will this program work for him?
What about with ticks my Ginger Girl has been exposed to them in the wooded area behind my house. HELP! !!
what is the difference betwween advantix 11 and your product? besides price?
does it work as well as frontline?
is this waterproof?
Mine just arrived and it does not work. what now?
Can you turn them off also?
Is this 3 lights or one light with 3 different colors?
is the floor inside made of metal or cardboard? does it hav a pad or pillow ? can dog lean on sides with out rubing on to wheels while in motion?.
My 85# greyhound is 30' tall at the shoulder. I intend to use it as a stroller. What are the interior and exterior dimensions?
How much is the stroller kit for this.
Part of me thinks my dog will love it (it's like a car ride!) but part of me is concerned that because it is a much more enclosed space, he'll be afraid to get in it. Has anyone had this issue?
Are you able to change the tires on this model? A lot of reviews comment on the cheapness of the tires, but I can't confirm if you can change them.
Does it break down for storage in a vehicle
Can you leash 2 dogs in here at the same time ?
Is there anyway to 'lock' this trailer? (Lock it to the bike, or??)
Will two dogs - one 30 pounds, one 22 pounds - fit comfortably? Will I need to buy an additional leash kit??
How does the hitch work? Is it easy to remove the trailer? Can I find an adapter for this trailer if I already have a burley hitch?
Would it be too large for a dog 12 pounds (havanese) thank you
I have two dachshound mixed . One with chiuahua and the other hound. Weigh 25 and 18 lbs. Can they fit and use this together?
what are the cabin dimensions?
Does it come with a safety flag?
Does it come with a safety flag?
Is the seat cushioned?
What is the difference between the original Houndabout and the Houndabout 2?
Does it come with the bike hitch
Does this model come with a safety strap on the interior for the dog.
what does the roundabout weigh?
I see no place to put the engraving info and color choice in check out
What is the limit of characters per line?
The description says "up to 3 lines of text on each side" but the images say "up to 4 lines of text on each side": which is it?
Are these ID tags ACTUALLY ENGRAVED or are the PRINTED with an INK? They do NOT seem to be ETCHED into the ACTUAL tag. Which tags are engraved?
how big are they?
Is the silver tag painted or is it just the metal that provides the coloring?
What is the size of the HEART tag? Do you offer a small one?
Hi, what size are the bone tags? I want to buy a tag silencer &amp; need to know what size to buy. thank you.
How do you tell them what you want on the front vs. back?
I have an 8 lb Rat Terrier. Would the bone tag be too big?
We run a fostercare program for shelter dogs. Would it be possible to have "Piney Mountain Foster Care" engraved on the tags along with a phone #?
How many characters(letters) can you have on each line? Also is this id tag going to be rotary engraved or laser engraved?
How can we choose the color?
How many lines will you engrave on it?
How much is dispensed in one pump? My pump broke and I need to measure it.
Is Oratine Water Additive made in the USA
I have 4 small Yorkies &amp; they drink from a water dispenser that last 3-4 days will Oratene stay active that long?
Will this remove existing tartar? My vet wants to do a $300 cleaning, but I'd like to try something less invasive before putting her through that.
what is the difference between oratene and biotene?
We are currently using Healthy Mouth, approved by the VOHC (Veterinary Oral Health Council) but $$$$. Any idea how this product compares?
Can I put this in my cats' wet food? They do not drink a lot of water and they get most of their water consumption through their wet food.
Is oratine approved by the vohc?
Has anyone compared results from the Oratene water additive to results from the CET Aqua Dent water additive?
I do not see the full ingredients list. Could someone please provide that for me - as I'm considering ordering for my cats?
Does it come with a lid?
Is the entire tank only 2.3 gallons or is that each compartment?
Are there opaque dividers available?
Won't the male bettas not like seeing other male bettas so close to them?
Should I use filters if using this for 4 or 5 bettas with this tank? Or is there even room between the dividers for circualtion?
Are the dividers removable?
May I know how frequent it has to be replaced if i have a 30 gallons tank.
Does Chemi-pure lower ph?
can you run with carbon also? or is that overkill?
How many bags come in a container?
is there any other media i need? or is this trul all in one?
does it remove ammonia?
Can you split the bag in two? Meaning to put two bags.
I have a 55 Gallon Tank..is this too much to fit in one of the canister sections of a Fluval 306? each canister is divided in half.
Is this for fresh water tanks as well as salt water tanks?
I bought this product for my 90 gal. It came in one large bag. I've never used this product before so advice would be great. I rinsed the bag, for what seemed like forever, until it ran clear (or so I thought). I added it to my sump and it instantly...
Does the LEDs have a seperate switch so they can be toggled at night?
Can use be used on a tank with a wooden canopy?
Does it have brackets or does it sit flat on the glass of the aquarium?
What color temperature are the bulbs on this light?
Can i use 54w bulbs in this? 28w replacements are impossible to find.
does this come with the bulbs
What size aquarium is this for??
I am getting the Fluval Spec V Aquarium Kit tank and was wondering what is the size of this divider? and how does it attach to the tank?
would it work for aqueon 1 ? (the small one)
my tank is 5.5 gallon, 8 wide and 10 tall but top two inches arent used... will it work? i need it roughly 8" x 7"
Would it work for a 2.5 gallon aqueon mini bow tank?
Can anybody give me the measurements? It says 1x1x1 inches and that can't be right. Thanks!!
I have a 5 gallon tank and have a divider I really don't like for my bettas. I want a divider for a 5 gallon tank...will the Aqueo AQE06148 Betta Divider work?
how big of a pond can this aerate?
Where can I purchase replacement air stones?
I left my new unit in the sun for two days to charge in OFF position but when I tried by switching to ON position it didn't work. What went wrong ?
Can this be joined to a filter so as to power water into a pond?
What is the length of the wire between the pump and the solar panel?
can these go on doorways the cats r scratching them
What is the length and width?
what is the length
Would these work on a leather sofa? I'm concerned about the screws in the leather.
Does this come with the furniture screws/tacks to attach them?
How do the protectors stay on the furniture?
what is the size
Will a 40lb dog fit thru it, or will it be to big? Trying to figure out what size I need to get. X-tra large seems to be too big.
This fits in a window right? Thanks in advance!
How do you lock the window from opening?
Does this come with a lockout door?
Is this a single or double flap door? And is the insert insulated?
Will a Great Dane fit through this door? We are renting and cannot install a dog door in doors or wall. A window dog door would be perfect.
Is it possible to modify this item to fit a 30.5" window opening? Is there any excess material that can be removed/cut away without ruining it?
Are the plexiglass panels clear? I have a shy cat who will not use an opaque door as she cannot see if any other cats are on the other side.
What's the largest size dog that this door will accommodate?
i have a austrailian shepard will he fit hes about 45lbs medium size dog
is it white light only or does it change colors? Shows both white and color in the pictures, unclear from the description if it is done through the conrtoller or by attaching lens covers. Thanks
Will this light automatically shut off at dawn?
WHAT DOES IT PLUG INTO
Do I need to buy a separate clip to attach it to my dog's harness?
Is a ring included for attachment to collar?
Where do I choose the shape, color and engraving?? I tried to order but that information was not provided!!
there was no option to select color, size and engraving in checkout. I've purchased this item - how to I get this information to you?
How to get tag engraved?
I just ordered two dog tags. I can't find your email address to include engraving details. Can you send me instructions?
Where do I enter information to be engraved? Or the size/color? Thanks.
Can the name of the Pet be in a Script Font?
Do you have any tags available that are 3/4" round? It's for a small cat and I don't want anything too big.
I want to buy 4 different color units and each has an engraved name. They should be mailed to Venice Italy
I am looking for a larger cage for my two cockatiels who don't always like to share their space, but I have limited space myself. Would you reccomend?
does it come with the little ladder
Can this cage be used for a double yellow headed amazon parrot? Are the bars strong with good size perches?
Has anyone found a bath that fits on the outside of the cage? The one I have doesn't quite fit.
Can a breeder box be equipped to this cage?
I have an African Grey. If I carefully cut the vertical bars, the spacing would be just right. Do you think that is possible?
Does it come with the stand to
Would you recommend this cage for a lovebird
Would you recommend this cage for a lovebird
Would this be safe for a single bird the size of a quaker/conure? And would the spacing be safe enough the the birds head doesn't get stuck?
If I purchase 2 of these bowls, can they be programed to only sense one collar? I have 2 cats. Both are on their own speical foods.
Can I have one cat wear a tag, and program one bowl to only open to the tag, and then close on the other, using the same tag for both bowls?
Do you think this would work on a harness rather than a collar to open the dish? Or are the sensors too weak?
Has anyone had any issues with cats outsmarting the bowl? I am afraid our fat cat will sit next to the bowl and wait for another cat to come up and eat and then eat while th bowl is open for them - can this happen? We have 5 healthy cats who free feed...
WILL this work for dogs of all sizes or just small dogs?
What's the farthest away a pet can be before the bowl opens? I'm hoping that they must be very close to the bowl so that my other cats can't sneak in.
How tall is this product with the lid open (from the floor to top edge of the lid while its open for feeding)? Thanks.
Replaced battery in tag but won't open lid now. What's wrong? Have tried with battery flipped both ways but still doesn't work. What to try next?
What does the blinking red light mean on the tag?
how "water resistant" is the tag? will it put up with a dog that likes to swim?
Is this product for spot removal only or can you coat the carpet or use it in a carpet cleaning machine? thanks!
how many ozs is in the bottle?
Will it remove the yellow in the urine stain
Im not clear on something. Only if someone else finds my dog and scans the code ill find him? What if no one scans it, can I still find it?
I'm not clear on something. Can I use it to help me locate a pet that has wandered off?
I'd be to afraid, someone would use this information site to find my house &amp; take my Dog. She's a tea cup Yorkie. Anyone with similar fears?
How much does this tag weigh? My full grown tea cup is 3.8lbs?
if I find a dog with this tag on and I scan it from my phone can i find the owners?
How big is the hanging acrylic part of the tag?
once scanned will it emain in your phone? I have 3 dogs and how would I handle chipping all of them?
how smart does the phone have 2b? can it be less smart with a gps?
Will it work with the apple Iphone 5 ?
Is it waterproof? My dog is an active ocean swimmer.
Will this work in the back chamber of a 12 gallon Aquapod?Is this temperamental with water level height or will it work well even if water levesl drop
Will this fit in an aqueon evolve 8 ?
what size limewood air diffusers does it use?
How does this work? And would it work on a 10 gallon? 20 x 10 x 13
The dimensions say "8.2 x 7.6 x 2.4 inches." It might be 8.2" or 7.6" tall, but is the other number correct? It doesn't look that wide or deep.
Is this a hang on back skimmer? If so it will work on any tank right? I have a 12g reef
Did anyone get a chance to use this skimmer with a Innovative Marine Nuvo 20 Aquarium? If so, does it fit? Thank you
I've got an 8 gallon Aqueon cube with a dinky little LED light with just a pair of clowns in it and one shrimp. Would this benefit me a whole lot?
How long does limewood block last???
can this work on a 28g nano cube?
what are the measurements of the bed area? and does the bed cushion have a removable cover for washing? Thank you
Are the wheels sturdy?
Is using the mesh cover optional so you can use the stroller without it?
Is it easy to fold &amp; unfold for transporting in the car?
What is the weight limit?
I have a 50 lb dog. will she have enough room in the Gen7Pets Promenade Pet Strller?
Are there replacement parts available?
Does this have one or two leash attachments?
What are the dimensions of the stroller when folded?
What is the weight limit?
In your experience, does this work well as a repellent (i.e. spray before walks)? Or does it take a while for fleas to die?
Bought this today..is it effective on pet bedding and furniture?
Is this the same stuff that was sold in the 90's? I remember using it on a dog I had at the time and it worked great. But then I was told that it was taken off the market because it was deemed "too toxic" by somebody and didn't see it for a while....
Does this spray have .15% pyrethren in it?
can I dip the dog in the spray
Does it kill their eggs and Larva?
does this kill ticks and how long does this take
Can I use this product on Carpets
Does this wash off easily? My dog jumps in every pond and puddle he finds ... if this washes off right away, it's not useful to me. Anybody know?
Is this cage easy to clean (especially the tray and grate)?
Is this cage large enough for four cockatiels?
Is this cage big enough for 1 lovebird?
Would my birds be able to get out if I removed the bottom grate and just keep the tray in as the bottom?
are bars vertical
How many parakeets will that cage safely and comfortably house?
I have 8 parakeets. Will this cage be be enough room for 6 to 8 parakeets?
does this have a nestbox opening where you can hang a nestbox?
Does it come with the bowls?
Is this cage good for an Indian Ringneck parrot?
will this cage work for pet rats
Would this cage be good for two small rabbits?
could i use this cage for a sugar glider?
Does this cage come with the cups and perches shown in the picture?
Does this cage have a slide out tray for cleaning? And does the tray sit below the wire bottom?
What is the height dimension of the cage when not on the stand?
What size dog does a size medium fit - I don't see any specifications (weight of dog) to help me determine which size I need.
my German Wire Hair is afraid of people in general - going for a walk, people coming into the house, he wants to run . Will this calming coat help?
Can a male dog pee in this? I'd love to get one for my Derby but he'd have to be in it all day when I'm at work. Thanks.
Does this properly fit on dogs with only one front leg?
Will this help with my mini aussie that gets over excited when people come to visit?
will this ja ket work on a dog that barks a lot
I live in a hot climate. I am worried about my dog, poodle, getting overheated. Does the material breathe?
My dog(female) Corgi , Mix. Barks a lot when mail person brings mail and also when the garbage truck comes by. Will it help to stop the barking?
what kind of material is this made of?
has anyone used this to calm anxiety when around other dogs? this is the main purpose i would purchase it.
How does this compare to the brand thundershirt? Its $10 cheaper and reviews are similar.
Cat a medium dog thundershirt fit a fat cat ?
Is it open on the underside so that you lay it on their back and wrap it around their belly or do you slip them into it like a tube? Fabric type?
Not sure I chose right size, my dog's chest measured 22 and the small fits pretty snug, can only attach to first velco on chest. do I need medium?
Are they water resistant ?Any good for walks in the snow?
I love in Florida and my dog goes in and out a dog door all day.. would this jacket be too hot for my dog to wear comfortably?
How to adjust chest of SMALL to 15in. for my 9 lb Maltese. Extra small is so tight can't fasten on 1st velcro strip.
What size thunder shirt would fit an italian greyhound? Large chest very small waist. Would I have to alter or jury rig?
Would anyone recommend for separation anxiety? Thanks in advance.
My Bichon is 11 lbs with a 16" chest size. Should I order a small or x-small? I don't want it too tight, or so big I can't get it snug enough to work.
Where can I find the instructions for re-programming?
well it work on small dogs
have you found replacement plastic washers or some other washer that works?
Do you have to reprogram a new bone with an old handset?
I need the probs for the receiver. How can I get them?
how many receivers come in replacement?
I can't remember how this charges and I need a replacement. Is it mini usb?
What are the dimensions of this bone unit? not the collar
Is this the same item as the white bone that used to be shown?
how do you know if the receiver will work with your remote?
- What are the dimensions of this item?
Is it claw and/or chew proof? My escape artist cat does both?
Are the roll up shades on both sides?
Hi. Are you able to zip the ends closed and leave the shades up on all sides? Thank you
How easy or difficult was it to assemble? I always have trouble with "some assembly required."
Is there a "frame" inside fabric to hold it as a rectangle? What is frame made of?
For the person who uses this for traveling on long trips - how many cats do you have, and what's the longest trip you've taken them on?
How do these join together please? How secure is the joint where the fit together?
What are the dimestions when this is folded flat.
Have you ever had the suction cups come loose while your cat was in the hammock?
What size is the perch?
Would this be safe for cats to jump onto or climb?
How easy is it to remove suction cups from the window if you need to move it to a new location?
Can I ever close my blinds without fully detaching this from the widow?
How is this model B00C5TUVXU different from "Adjustable Kitty Cot - "World's BEST Cat Perch" model B00D3TB5LI also by Kitty Cot?
what is the max weight this chair can handle? My cat is big and weighs 18 pounds. Will this hold his weight?
What is the size of this one?
How far out do the suction cups keep the frame from the window? I have mullions (the wooden cross pieces) on my windows that stick out about 1/2".
where do you buy replacement suction cups
how does it work to stay cool?
Can it be sput in something like a "Mattress Cover and still be effective?
how thick is it? the description says 1/2 inch but i kinda doubt it.
Can you place this mat on top of the dog's regular bed with a cover enclosing both mat &amp; bed...the cover being like the thickness of a fitted sheet?
Any idea of what temperature it keeps and for how long it stays cool?
Can you insert this under a towel or two as a top layer to a current orthopedic bed. Or does the animal have to be directly on the mat? Thanks.
Has anyone used this for car travel with a cat? I will be driving for quite awhile with my kitty &amp; looking for a box that can fit b/t front/back seat. Thanks!
Do you need to use a plastic liner? Cat is traveling from Ga to West TX I'm thinking this might be worth the extra 8bucks from the Cat's Pride dispos
How many boxes are included? The description says, "enclosed disposable litter BOXES" This iterm used to be sold as a 3-Pack..is it still?#
Does this litter box come with litter, or do you have to buy that in addition to the litter box?
I am moving from Texas to Thailand and would like to put this in my carryon luggage and open it when we have our layover in Seoul. Would this work?
In which material is the box made?
is this suitable for a big Syrian hamster?
I love this cage. I will be getting it but do you have to have coroplast on the bottom if the bedding is felt?
Would I be able to fit a 12" exercise wheel (comfortably) in this cage? Maybe on the bottom on middle level? Thank you!
Can a Dwarf Hamster escape from this cage?
Can this cage have 2 rats
Is this cage adequate for degus?
Is this cage suitable for a rabbit?
Can this cage be collapsed for easy transport?
would this be suitable for a large syrian hamster?
I love this cage , but Im worried about how low the bottom pan looks and lots spilling out.. have youhave this problem? can the wire bottom be removed so they sit on the pan in the bottom instead of on wire? thx!
Are these too large to use on a cat? I am used to using the small "cat sized" clippers, will I have a problem with these?
Are these clippers also made for large dogs with bigger, thicker nails?
Is the safety guard removable? or can it be moved out the way if needed?
Are these for small dogs? Above it says these work for small canines, but on the Cutie Pie website the clippers at this price are for large dogs.
did anybody get the free book "How to successfully trim your pets nails to keep them healthy and happy!" I got an instructional video, but no book?
Will these work for a 5.7lb 4 month old puppy?
Can a left-hander use these clippers?
These nail clippers say for small dogs. My dog is about 12lbs. Are these clippers ok for this size?
I read you have to turn it on and off. Can I leave on 24 hours? Or do I have to go out to fence to turn off and on? Thx
okay to use with puppies?
How long will batteries last if device is left on?
There's a dog somewhere behind us, I think kitty corner. Barks all night. Has anyone used this a little farther away and had it work?
does it work for howlig? My neighbors have four dogs and we live not too far from a hospital. Sirens get one howling and then they all join in along with other dogs in the area. Thank you for your input
How is this light for growing plants?
Anyone knows the PAR ratings (photo-synthetically available radiation) for the 36-48in model?
i have a 55 gallon 48 inch long standard rectangle fish tank.... which one would i have to purchase?... 36 to 48 inch or 48 to 60 inch?....
what are the watts on the 36-48 " and will it fit correctly on my 55 gallon?
Can I connect a Current USA Single Ramp Timer to Current USA Satellite Freshwater LED Plus Light for Aquarium, 36 to 48-Inch?
can i have the light on everyday 24/7? or will it get too hot
The one I bought worked for a few weeks but now I cannot get it to change at all..I have blue light only? Also installed new battery..
I'll buy two current usa satellite led for 36 to 48 -inch. i need to buy two ramp current usa single timer or only one is enough for the two led?
Can anyone please tell me what is the difference between the plus and pro beside the high jump in price?
The opening of my 29 gallon plexiglass tank is 22 7/8" W x 5 1/4" D. Size of the tank is 30" W x 12"D x 18" H. What is the correct size? Thanks
I have the 11.4 Gallon Mr. Aqua Tank (18.9x11.8x11.8) and planning on planting Plants that are mostly Medium light. Will this provide enough lighting?
I have a cube aquarium measuring 17.67" x 17.67". Would the 18" LED light fit my tank? Thanks!
I have a 40 gallon bow front what size LED should I purchase? And this is a freshwater tank with live plants! Thanks,
How big is the actual part with the LEDs on it (not counting arms), on the 18-24? Thanks!
Will the 18-24" one provide enough light for a 10 Gallon with Low-Medium light plants?
Is it still working good for you? and what does the Mode button do?
When I try to turn off the unit, the white lites stay on. They are always on regardless of mode. Is this supposed to do this?
do you think the LED will overheat the tank if it is left on for 24/7?
will the 48-60 inch fit on my 75 gallon tank? how long does the LED usually last?
works well for a 64 gallon tank?( 48x16x20in)
Is it compitable with a ramp timer?
how many colors will it change to?
My 48" light worked perfectly for 28 days. Now only the blue LED's light. The white LED's will not turn on.
Do you have to buy a remote sensor or is in on the unit itself? I dont want to have a light with a remote I cant use
will the 24inch fit a 55 gallon tank?
what type of battery runs the remote ?
which one would go better the 18 to 24 or 24 to 36 on a 20 high tank length is a rough 24
do i need to buy a timer with this light
Will the 18 - 24 inch fit on a ADA 40P or 40F?
Does this light work with single ramp timer to allow for sunrise / sunset simulation?
How do you mount this on a Fluval Spec V? Would I be unable to keep the top on the aquarium?
just bought the 24inch light and my lightening effect isn't what I've seen in others mine simply turns light on n off but others it flickers an dims?
I have a 55 gal that's 48in long and 18in deep, and i want the 48in light. However the tank has a divider on top for floresecent. Do i get 2 24in?
Will this fixture alone provide adequate UVB and UVA for a red-eared slider turtle in a 75 gallon tank? The description states it is full-spectrum.
The light is gorgeous and well-made. However,based on previous answer it seems to be unsuitable for my 60 gallon heavily planted tank. Is this true?
what is the lumen output for the 48-60 inch model. Thanks !!
Would this light be good for a 30 inch deep tank. I need a new light for my 140g.
How many, and what combination, of the 24-36" (4006), 36-48" (4007) or 48-60" (4008) would you recommend for a 125 Gal Freshwater Planted Tank?
What is the cable length?
Is it safe for Acrylic lid tanks?
Can it be adjusted for night, or moon lighting?
Will this light work for a salt water tank? And if not what light would I need? I have 150 gallon tank.
does the 4008 come with the remote control shown on the shorter units
I am looking for a replacement door for my 36" navigator. Do you have them available?
which is the weight and dimensions of the package for submission?, I'm from Venezuela and I need those specs thanks
recommended for what breed of dog?
Is this crate/kennel IATA ?Airline cargo approved with a 60-65 lb. collie/shepherd mix?
I'm thinking about putting this on a 30 gallon tank. Good idea or too much current? Is the flow adjustable?
I'm having trouble priming, I've checked all connections and re-set it up. Any ideas?
Do the HW302 replacement pads (recommended by Amazon) fit this model?
So really, what size pads does it take? One person says the HW302 fits and another person says no.
I just received it and I am unable to get the top off. I own a 304B, but on this one the "cam handles" disjoint before lifting the top. Ideas?
On my unit, there doesn't seem to be a switch for the UV light. Do most folks just remove the bulb when they want to turn it off?
How easy is it to find and purchase the replacement UV bulbs?
After turning on the UV light, I see the light color is white, not purple color at all, that normal?
does the water flow from bottom to top through the trays? I need the direction to decide what to put in there. thanks
Is there a physical on/off swtich or unplugging is the only to turn off filter ? Thx
If I use the dispenser, do the bags in the rolls have handles? It is much easier to tie the handles after using the bag than if no handles.
From end to end how long is the capsule shaped holder? And if the Velcro is now being used can we remove it and attach our own carabiner clip? Thnx!
Will other brand poop bags fit in this dispenser
How effective &amp; safe is this disc for Yorkshire terriers
Does this pet protector disc last 2 years or 4 years?
Any updates from users??
May seem like a silly question, but after reading one should never remove the dog's collar, what about changing collars for growing pup?
My 6.5 lb. Maltipoo just wears a harness when he goes outside, nothing inside. Will the disc work if it's not on in the house?
why are some people saying it works! and others are saying it no it does'nt
Can a puppy use Pet Protector?
if this product doesn't work, can i get my money back?
Is this wire copper?
What transmitter works with this wire ?
can I splice smaller gauge wire as my twisted wire
We have had problems with breaks in our line caused by gophers. Will the gophers still be able to break thru this?
can this wire be spliced together with stranded 14 awg direct buried invisible fence wire safely
Does this wire have lightening protection?
What is the outside diameter of this wire? I got the wrong wire but not sure if I got 45 mil or 80 mil jacket.
How many feet would I need to do a rectangual, mostly flat, 5 acre lot?
Can this be used above ground? Also, will it work with all collars, transmitters?
I have a chichuahua/Jack Russell mix, so would a small work? In her coats I usually get her a medium, as she is about 15-17lbs?
How long is the leash?
When my dog is afraid, she tries to back out of her collar or harness. Can she back out of the thunder leash?
Can I use this leash on a 6 lb. chihuahua who was never leash trained and just won't budge?
My dog is 41 lbs and built a little thicker than a whip it. What size should I get?
Please note weight for "small," etc.... My dog's 20 lbs., is "small" right for him?
Will this fit a 27lb cocker spaniel?
what size leash for what size dog
I have a beagelmix, She weighs around 28 pounds, what size would I need? she is tall and long
I have a 43 pound Labradoodles who hates her head halter. This looks like a possible solution. What size would I need? Thanks
My dog is 108 lbs. is the large big enough?
Has anyone tried this leash with a greyhound, and using a Martingale collar?
What prevents the dog from "backing out" of the collar and leash ? If my Mini Aussies get scared, the will pull back with a lot of strength, and have come out of their regular halters a couple of times. The are both just under 30 lbs.
How long is the large leash (before or after it wraps around their chest)? I can't find that mentioned anywhere. Thanks
This is hooked to the collar, if the dog does pull does it take the pressure from off his neck?
Has anyone used this with a deep chested dog like a Dalmatian?
I have an 88.5# dog would I measure around her chest to see if the large is her size
Has anyone used on a german shepherd. Mine is very boisterous and pulls when she sees another animal
What size do I need for a rottweiler?
I have a 180 lb. Dane. Do they make a lead large enough? Do I need that special collar? I can't walk him on my own and I would love to.
How many are in this package of nest pads??
Are they cleanable?
HOW MANY ARE IN THERE FOR $22.99?
How long do they last?
how many do you get for 22.38?
I received my Wisdom Panel 2.0 and it appeared brand new, however when I opened it,one of the three lot code labels is missing. Is this standard?
How does it work? Do you do a check swab then send results in? How long does it take to get the results? Are there additional fees for the results?
Does anyone know if the results from this kit will help me get past restricted breed nazis and move to a different apartment? My Mutt looks like a Rotty
What should I use for a mixed breed dog? the 2.0 Breed ID kit or the Mixed breed kit? what are the differences?
I have 2 dogs that I want dna tested, can I use 1 swab on each one or do i need to get a kit for both?
besides purchasing the wisdom panel do I have to pay for anything else?
My rescue appears to be a poodle mix (at least mostly poodle). Does it matter which kit I use? Do I need the double kit?
Could this test identify for a Catahoula Leopard Dog? This breed is not currently recognized by the AKC
My dog really doesn't like the swabs and won't open her mouth, even if I hold her. Is collecting drool okay/any tricks to get her to open her mouth?
Since a litter can have different dads, are all pups going to test as having the same DNA or will they differe by the Dad?
what are the size of these bones?
What "activeingredients are listed" and "non-active" ingredients are listed on the package?
what size are the 27 oz 9tiny,med or large?
What size are these?
where is it manufactured?
in Walmart you can buy different size minties. Which size are these? I am looking for the Large ones. Thanks!
where are the minties dental made? in usa or some other country?
My corgi has a thick neck and it measures approximately 20 inches. What size would you recommend?
My dogs necks measure 10" and weigh 19 lbs. ea. What size collar do I need to order?
Are there matcing leashes?
Hi! How durable is the stitching? My Rottie and Akita play hard and part of that is grabbing each others collars. Would the stitching come undone?
Hi there! Is it possible to put any designs on these collars as well? Like the outline of a teddy bear? In addition to the name/#?
Hello, we're in the military so we move around a lot, can we have a name and email instead of name and number embroidered?
My dog's neck is 18" around. Would you recommend a medium or large?
how do I select color
Do you have gold thread? I want to get the hunter green collar with gold-ish thread for a large dog.
are the collars adjustable
How tall is the unit with hose attached? My space is 12.5"
How long is the included tubing? What size is the tubing?
Does this have a quick release for maintenance, or do you have to pull the hoses off to clean the canister?
Is this a good filter to install in a cabinet underneath the aquarium? I intend to buy this for a 20 gallon planted fish tank.
What is the inlet/outlet tube diameter? I'm considering an in-line heater and CO2 diffuser.
IS this thing capable of good flow at two feet of lift?
Do you sell or know where I can get a replacement pump? just the pump part.
does this item have a spray bar?
whats the differance between the 602 and the 603?
hello your dimension 24x9x15 is it Length x width x height?
What are the heights of the baffle peices?
Is this large enough to handle a 55gal set up
does this set comes with the tank?? Is that 20 gallon sump?
Does the sale include all that is shown in the picture? Including the black baffles within the actual tank that separate the tank into three sections
Hello, does anyone have any recommendations for a filter sock attachment for this? Any advice is appreciated. Thank you.
Does this work on short hair cats?
Where do you purchase replacement combs for this deshedding tool?
Is it meant for a long hair dog
how wide is the blade
Can you use this while taking a bath? or is it recommended for dry fur only?
Is this deshedding tool cutting the hair? It sure seems like it.
How long does the comb last before it needs replacing?
can i use this tool on my jack russell terrier? would be quicker than plucking at his coat for hours.
Does this tool have something like the Furminator's ejector button that removes loose hair from the tool? Or do you find that isn't really needed?
Since there is no ejection button to rid it of the collected hair, would I have to keep pausing and pulling the hair off?
are these made for small breed dogs
I have a 60 lb golden retriever, what size should I order? He has 2.75 inch boots now. He is severely physically challenged, and a great buddy.
I have a 7 lb. Short Hair Male Maltese. What size would fit him? Dissapointed that I had to ask the question. Should have a size chart right there.
what size dog do these fabulous sneakers fit?
these come with 4 boots right? som only comeas 2 in a pack..Im thinking these should fit a chunky pug/boston terrier mix..
How large is this toy supposed to be? My large toy is about 6" tall by 3" wide. Smaller than a beanie baby.
Is it made in China?
Would you recommend this toy for a teething great dane puppy?
Anyone else wonder if they received a S dragon when they ordered a L? I own a pink size R and it's much larger than the black siz L I just received...
ingredients
How many MGs of DHA and EPA per teaspoon?
Is this from wild alaskan salmon?
iS IT GOOD FOR DOGS THAT SCRATCHES HIMSELF
Is this product 100% pure salmon oil ? If so where does it say it on the bottle? Also where is it made not distributed and where on bottle is it ?
Does anyone know the type of vegetable oil and used and amount.
I see this is distributed in Alabama, but where is it made?
Can you provide an ingredient list?
Does this product have an expiration? We have had a bottle for a few months. It is near the end and the oil comes out very thick/ congealed
Is the salmon wild or farm raised? Farm raised salmon are fed products unapproved by FDA.
What is the input voltage and hertz. Can I use it in Europe where the volts are 120 not 110
will the light work on a 300 gal tank 36 inch deep by 36 wide
how many panels does this come with? Would it be good for a 180 Gallon tank?
How far away from the light can the controller be mounted?
what do i need for a 125 gal
What is the maximum aquarium depth for this setup?
Does it 'have' to be hung? Are there mounting brackets to just sit it above the aquarium?
does it work on wire haired dogs
What are the details of the guarantee?
How does the Desheddinator compare to the Furminator?
is this good for a grown up lab. about 100 lbs? the specifications say it is for dogs up to 65 lbs?. thanks
is this the small, med., or LG brush?
Would this be big enough for two rats?
Is this product actually black and white? Or will I end up with some other random color..
Can you fit a 12" wheel in this cage?
Does this have adequate space for two gerbils?
how big is the bar spacing? I have a syrian hamster and want to make sure he doesn't get out.
The bar spacing of this is small enough for rats, right? I know it's kind of a duh but I've had problems with that before...
Hello, I am a beginner at taking care if rats and I want to know if this is a good starter cage? Is there enough space because this looks small.
Is the bottom made of plastic?
Is the wire spacing small enough for a mouse?
What is the spacing between the bars?
What are the full dimensions?
What about cages and habitats for chinchillas? What are "the good" and "the not so good"?
Can you use fleece liners in this cage? =)
Would this be good for a hedgehog?
Does the wire "top" portion of the cage detach easily for quick cleanup?
Does the wire "top" portion of the cage detach easily for quick cleanup?
is there room for a exercise wheel and some wooden toys
considering this for my rat. what is the bar spacing? need to know she can't slip out
Do you also sell spare parts for the blue levels and grey ladder?
The dimensions are listed as 30.5" x 8.5" x 18.5". Is 8.5" correct? Seems very narrow if it is.
Would this cage be a good fit for 2 large male dumbo rats?
Has anyone tried it with a ferret?
Would I have to put bedding on other levels to?
Can you fit a male dumbo rat male fancy rat a male hairless rat and a male small rat?
Is this cage big enough to house 2 rats?
I have been researching &amp; looking for "Sugar Glider" Cages...my question is "Can a Sugar Glider squeeze Out of the 1/2" inch cage bars?"
How far apart are the bars from each other?
Will the bar spacing be good enough for adult female sized gerbils? (Experienced answer/responses prefered please)
Are the cage wires coated in plastic or are they just metal?
If anyone has both the cherry shrimp and these neon yellows, do you know if they interbreed?
How mature are these shrimp? I want to put them in a tank with tetras and danios. Will I need to let them grow before putting them in the main tank?
How large will these shrimp get?
What is the minimum size tank appropriate for these shrimp? I have a little Fluval Chi 5 gallon aquarium with two neons and two serpae tetra.
i have gold fish, discusses, and large cat fish, will these shrimps survive?
What type of shrimp are these?
Are these the type of shrip you do not have to feed?
i am considering ordering both the yellow and red shrimp in one order, but don't want to pay separate shipping charges. can the items be combined
It would be more helpful if the measurements are shown. Can you put the measurements for each size - neck and torso ? Thanks
My dog is still a pup. He is a Chihuahua mix but going to be small. I am not sure if he needs a super small, but am trying this. Ideas?
Does the mesh fabric get snagged when walking in the woods?
Does this cover the entire back seat? I have two puppies and I need coverage for both of them.
Does the product smell?
Will the headrest straps go around non-moveable headrests that are 15+ inches wide?
I noticed this is designed to secure around the front and rear headrests. My car doesn't have rear headrests. Will I be able to use it?
Has anyone put this on a chevy crewcab back seat? My old cover was supposed to fit but too narrow And, what color is it exactly?
Will this fit in a 2008 BMW 335i?
Does this fit the front seats as well? I have a kia sorrenta 2012?
Hi. Does this restrict airflow? I am worried about my big dog getting too hot.
Does this fit a Lexus RX 350?
What type of material is the car seat cover made of? Does it come in different colors?
ow big is it?
Will the 5" strips of sandpaper fit inside to file down the sugar glider nails?
Can it be used for a chinchilla?
how wide is this wheel?
where in the cage should I attach it (on the wall)? close to the bottom of the cage or towards the middle? will they be able to jump in if too high
Considering for my daughter's hedgehog. Sounds like size is OK, but the cage is a plastic bucket at the bottom half. Are there mounting options?
what is the height?
how wide is extra wide?
Can this hold up outdoors, actually need it for poolside?
Hello - is the bottom, underneath the stairs, solid, so that the full base is non-skid, or is it completely hollow from one side to another?
I have a little over 100 pounds , 13 year old lab with bad hips would this work for him? I would get the widest version of course. For the car and bed
Has anyone used this product to help their dog get into an SUV?
could my 17 pound toy Aussie sit on the top step safely to look out the front window
What is the width?
how wide are the stairs?
What are the demensions of the steps as a unit? I live in an apt and have very little space in the bedroom. The height is no problem. Would love to kn
What are the ramp dimensions? Length and Width, pls.
What are the FOLDED dimensions of the ramp? TY
Would this ramp indoors for getting up and down a high bed?
How much does the ramp weigh?
Would this ramp work for a 13 year old lab a little over 100 pounds with bad hips?
I have three steps up to my house that my old dog is having difficulty with.. Do the legs of this ramp fold under so the ramp can be laid on the steps and used as a plank?
I have 2 female toy poodle(5 pounds each,one year old one of them,7months old the other one), Can I put them together inside the stroller? there's enough space for both? Thank you.
Can the wheels be changed on the 4 wheel strollers
I have cats that get carsick. I hope they won't in this, but if they do, how hard is this to clean? Is the interior easily wipeable?
I am debating this model vs. one with three sets of the "Air Ride" wheels. Anyone experienced with both have advice?
Does this have a place to put keys, phone, etc?
Is the handle height adjustable? I am 5'9", and want to be able to walk behind this without having to hunch over the handle.
About how much room would it take up say in a living room?
is ther memory foam for the bed part?
How would this stroller do on a gravel driveway?
Is there a drink tray on top by handle and is there a back brake and also how does the tires hold up and does it roll smoothly?
There are 2 different sizes listed in the description. What size is the medium? (Measures 18.5"L x 14"W x 7.5"H OR Measures 18.5"L x 17.3"W x 7.5"H)
How Is the strap attach to the dog's harness?
Can an 11-pound dog see out of the windows?
What does the ramp itself weigh?
how much does it weigh
Will ramp work for st bernard
I have a 17 pound long haired chihauhau. He has stopeed going up and down steps. We have 3 steps out our back door. How do you secure the top?
Can you use it on the side door of an SUV or just as a back ramp
Can this be used indoors on the footboard of my bed?
can this be placed over cement steps
Could this be used as a boat ramp for dogs?
I'm concerned about the ramp scratching the bumper of my SUV. I've got an Acura MDX and the bumper is black to match the body of the SUV. Thoughts????
Do you think my 100-pound golden retriever would be able to get up in the back seat of a Ford F150 crew cab with this ramp?
will my cat be safe and not be able to escape?
Can you walk at a fast pace with out the front wheel shaking uncontrollably ?
My front tire shakes uncontrollably unless it is in the jogging mood and then it is hard to turn. Any ideas on why this is happening and how to stop
Has anyone jogged with this stroller? If yes was it easy to use?
Does the handle adjust to different heights?
How sturdy is the base of the inner carriage where the pet sits? I have a 26 lb. dog and want to make sure it won't bow down in the center.
I have a 20 lbs pup that would be using this stroller is that too much weight? I read someone wouldn't push 35lbs in it.
Hello i have a American Cocker Spaniel he is 38 pounds. i would like to know does he fit in this stroller
Hi - trying to decide on this model v AT3 v double wide version - I have a 55# shepherd who seems right between sizes - thx!!!
How much does it weigh?
will I be able to fit two 12lb Shih Tzu"s in this stroller?
Will my 70lb Pitbull fit comfortably in this stroller?
How does one get more air in the tires?
Does the stroller fold down/collapse when not in use; for example, to place in car/and or for storage? Conversely, does it "pop" up easily enough when needed? thanks
Is it easy to assemble and to close? Is it worth the price?
I have a four wheel stroller now. Is the 3 wheel stroller steady or can it tip over if your cat or dog shift to the other side?
My stroller is pulling to left when I run on pavement with two sm dogs (weight total, 29 lbs), making it hard to push. Have had stroller for 2 months. Thoughts? Thanks.
I see no rain cover in the description, is this an item that could be purchased separately for this model?
does wheels really make a difference being real air tires?
would two long dachshunds (23 and 18 lb) fit it it? is interior basket floor really that bad as described in blw review?
will it hold a 25lb cat? been seeing alot of negative feedback about stitching becoming undone.
Is there a cup holder and compartment for keys etc. on the top?
Why are the three colors priced differently? Are they identical strollers?
Where is the tether and how long is it? Thanks in advance for your help!
Does this stroller fold close to flat?
Can anyone who has owned both the zip and no-zip models of Happy Trails compare the two? Thanks for your help!
I am 5'9 and need to know the height of the handlebar. How high from the ground is it? and is it extendable?
Has anyone had issues with the front wheels shaking alot. if so, did you find a solution?
Hello. Does this pet stroller have a rain cover included with it. Thank you
Is the stroller easy to put together?
What is the maximum weight this will hold?
Has anyone had a problem with folding this stroller down? Even after releasing front lock, sliding and turning the release can't get it to fold down??
I have very smart and persistent cats. If not tetherred inside, could they push their way out with the no zip feature?
Does the entire unit fold down? I will be traveling in an RV and space is at a premium. I need something that lays fairly flat when folded.
what is the total height of the stroller? would it be comfortable for someone a little taller to push with out leaning over too much?
Is there some sort of pad inside and if so what is the fabric / quality like? Do we need to add a crate pad for extra comfort?
where can i find the weather cover for this stroller in emeral?
Does anyone know if there are restrictions in Florida for taking a dog in a store if they are in a stroller?
How are the wheels on dirt trails?
I have three small chihuahuas. The mother, the father and the grandson. will the y all fit comfortably in this stroller? They are 6lbs, 10lbs and 4lbs respectively.
I have a tank that is 29 inches deep, will this be suitable? Also, does it come with LED lights or is this just the console?
I was wondering if you could recommend an LED controller for these fixtures? The ones I see on the market do not mention these lights being comaptible
i have a 90 gallon reef tank looking for a reef light that will go under a canopy
What is the K rating for the bubls? (6500K, 20,000K, etc.)
It shows two rings for two leash straps. I see that it comes with one leash strap. Does anyone know if they sell leash straps separately?
would this hold an iphone 6 plus
How big a waist does it fit? I am a big man.
My waist is 24 inches, although ideally I would wear it a little below my waist. Will this product fit me?
waistband allowance?
What is the typical shelf life of this product? In other words when does it usually expire by?
Hi, This is for 6 packs of the pill holders? Thank you,
what size is each package? Is this for the3.2 oz tablets or the 7.9oz capsules?
I would also like to know what country thaey get these from.The bully sticks that I use to get were from China and now with all the problems with pet
Anyone know exactly what these are made of? cowhide or what?
Is the meat from USA?
how many in the package
I have been getting your product for over a year now, every month. I am watching the quality(thickness) decrease month by month. Why is that?
What is the thickness of these bully sticks?
I am looking for THIN bully sticks as my baby LOVES her Bullies but just walks away from anything except the thin sticks.
Will these stain an off-white rug if a dog is chewing them on it? I didn't choose the living room rug-- we bought the house that way. I'd love to move away from white rawhides, though.
I have 2 kittens, weighing 5 and 6 lbs. Would they be able to comfortably fit in this carrier? The description says it is "medium". Is it enough?
what is the size of this carrier?
Is this pet carrier foldable? It looks like it is but there is nothing specifically stated in the description. - Thanks!
Is there a way to secure it with the car seatbelt?
What are its dimension?
Does it open all the way on both ends?
Does it have a long strap to attach from one side to the other so as to carry it on the shoulder?
Does the padding inside this carrier remove or slide around?
Would this fit a 15 lb shitzu comfortably?
what are the dimensions of Sherpa model #97005
I am looking for a two-pack of Feliway Cat Diffusers (diffusers only) no refill liquid. Does this pack fill my need?
Would these cover a big room like a living room or would I need more than one?
How many hours should it be plugged in, in a day or night to be effective in a house that has screened windows that are open 24/7 for ventilation?
I still have some Feliway refills. Will they fit the Comfort Zone?
Is this item 2 diffusers and 2 feliway cartridges?
The packaging is different and the bottle ml is different than the ones that I see at PetsMart and Petco. Why is that?
is it normal for the diffuser to feel warm while plugged in?
How loong does a 48ml bottle last?
My 2 rescue cats, both spayed, use their boxes for urination but are defecating on the carpet under a bed. Will this help with that problem?
If buying this combo pack, do you receive a total of 3 bottles of Feliway?
I received this last night and plugged it in. This morning there was an stinky odor and the diffuser was hot. Is this normal?
I just received this and plugged it in last night. When I woke up this morning, there was an odd smell and the diffuser was very warm. Is that normal?
how many sticks do you get? 144? for 49.99?
How many sticks in a pack?
Where are these made?
are these bones made in the USA and by Pet Center?
is this 100% made in the USA?
is this made 100% made in the USA?
Is this like a waffle maker where you pour the batter into the treat maker or do you have to roll out dough then cut them out and put into the machine
I freeze these to keep them longer. Does anyone give them "frozen" to their dogs during the summer for a cool treat?
How big are the bones that the machine makes? I have an 80 pound lab, and I don't want her to choke on a small bone.
I know I can freeze them, but should the treats be refrigerated if I do not want to freeze them?
Does it come with any biscuit mixes or is it just the baker?
I made treats last night &amp; just put them in a sealed container. Is it OK to put them in the fridge now or should I throw them out and star over?
Why (After MUCH use) did my teflon start to flake off???
how long do you cook it for
what size dogs is this for
do you have to have the mixes to make them
Where is this food made?
Anyone have a problem with mold? Bought the small bag a while back and found mold half-way through. What's the longest you can keep large bag?
40 lbs or 30 lbs bag?
how big is the kibble size? I have Bichons and prefer smaller kibble.
where are the ingredients listed for these dog foods
What is the diameter of the the output on this Power Head? I'm looking to buy some hose with it.
Are you able to adjust the flow rate on this unit to something less then 158 GPH?
Can this run dry? and not break?
I wish to know if this pump will work with the AquaClear Quick Filter Powerhead Attachment?, o wicht other filter could i use with this pump.
do you know if this can be used with the sponge filter?
What size would a 37 pound sheltie use?
Does this come with the attachment to the seatbelt, or is it just a harness?
In your opinion will a medium size fit a standard size schnauzer puppy 30lbs
What should be the size for a one year and 1/2 female american pit bull? I was thinking order the medium size...
What should be the size for an one year and 1/2 female american pit bull? I was thinking order the medium size...
What type of connector do you need to buy to hook this to the seat belt?
what size should I buy for a 15 pound Maltepoo?
would this work on a Saint Bernard dog?
I have a boston terrier (21 lbs) and a miniature schnauzer (about 20 lbs) - would a small fit them?
I have a Whippet who weighs about 27 pounds. Whippets have very deep chests. What size would work well for her?
what size bag of food will this container hold? 22 - 25 pounds? or smaller bags?
how many pounds does this hold?
how much food does it hold?
Can i use this product in Carpet steam cleaner
Can this be used on hard surfaces as well?
Will this get rid of the stains showing under a black light? Will it pass a black light test?
Will this product work to get pet urine odors out of a carpet that has been treated in the past with things such as natures miracle, ect?
Our cats have urinated on a sleeping bag roll, soaking the fabric. How should I go about using this product? Can it be poured into the washer?
Has anyone tried using this on concrete basement floors with any luck?
What is the coverage for the gallon size?
Can this be used on wood floors. Has anyone used this on wood?
Will this work on urine-soaked leather shoes?
Will this work on garage floors (concrete/cement)? I've tried Nature's Miracle on concrete with no luck. I'm so frustrated!!
We have a very tall, 77 lb, Doberman. Do you think the x-large would work for him?
If you have the heavier pet screening, do you need the guard?
I'm unclear on what a screen door guard is. I can't find one anywhere. Can someone enlighten me?
Do you have to have a screen door guard to install this door or can you skip that part? Wasn't the screen door guard hard to cut?
How exactly does it install? Does it sandwich the screen and the metal guard between the inner and outer two frames?
Does this dog door lock?
What are the dimensions?
Can someone confirm the outside dimensions of the large cot?
I have one minature schnauzer and a miniature schnauzer that visits often. Would one large suffice for both dogs? They like to sleep together.
How does it stand up to outdoor wear and tear (particularly sun)?
My hound dogs are 60 and 70 lbs. &amp; one border collie 48lbs. Would a medium work for all of them or would I need one med &amp; one large?
does it fold for travel?
How is it with hair accumulation? I want something that the hair will just fall off of or vacuum up easily.
will it ship to Puerto Rico? PR is part of the US and uses USPS.
Will rain accumulate on top if left outside or does the fabric let the water drain?
Can a lg cot accommodate an 80lb lab &amp; a 25lb Doxy? Are the sides attached by velco?
how big is this cat house
Does this house have enough support on top to add some tarps on top of it, just to have extra insulation on winter?
Does this cat house come with flaps for the openings? I am concerned about wind.
Does the Unheated house come with a pad inside?
Does the fabric of the house mold in wet environments?
Does this house come with the pad inside as shown in the photo?
is this open on the back side or is there a flap for escape
is it heated?
I thought we could leave this plugged in outside, but when receive, said it could not be. Trying to feed and have water for feral cats- can this be
what are the bowl capacities? The food bowl looks very small.
can u use extension cords?
At what lowest temperature will the water stay liquid and not freeze? It gets below 0 degrees Fahrenheit here, &amp; not sure 30 watts will work.
Can you buy extra bowls? It would be nice to take 2 bowls out and bring the 2 dirty ones back in to be washed.
how long is the cord?
How long is the cord?
How long is the cord ?
How much electricity does it use - wattage?
Can it be used with a heavy duty extension cord?
Is it easy to collapse and take while traveling? Does it roll up or fold? Would it pack easily in the car to take to hotels or other people's houses.
Can I leave the door open with the condo hangin?
Can you attach to a wall instead of a door?
What is the height folded up when you first get it. Wondering if it will fit in my suitcase so height is important. I don't plan to use it in advance
Can this be washed?
What are dimensions of small condo and large condo? Are the openings a different size in the large than in the small?
2 of my cats are declawed ( got cats this way, I did not do this to them). Will they still be able to climb in and get arround?
Hello. There is some conflicting information in the description and the answered questions that I hope to clear up. Is the large 23 or 24 inches wide?
What are the dimensions in inches &amp; feet on the large?
Is the small one large enough for a 10 pound cat?
Will this accomodate a dog of about 20 pounds, more or less?
Can it be left on for long periods of time?
how does this house stand up to wind,rain,snow? any suggestions what to do?
can it be used for two adult cats
does the heated feature require outdoor electricity - which we don't have. how is it heated
My Cat House set up rapidly heater works fine. My outdoor cat refuses to go inside even in 50 degree night weather. I tried putting some food inside.
what is the roof overhang on the door
How easy is it to clean?
I just purchased the outdoor kitty A-Frame cat house. it keeps collapsing, there is no support to hold up the side. the velcro is in place but the entire side collapes. please advise. please help.
Are the dimensions really this: (35" L x 20.5" W x 20" H)? The photos look like it would be 35" H, especially after seeing the photo of a cat in it.
I have the pump turned down to its lowest setting, but the fountain is still to high and splashes all over the floor. Any suggestions?
I took mine apart to clean it and and now it wont bubble at all. I have tried adjusting the dial but it wont work. No water comes out. Suggestions?
can the pump burn out if water level gets low?
Does the water stay cool? If so how?
does this fountain require filters?
How difficult is this to clean? Are there many parts that need to be taken apart and scrubbed then put back together?
Electric or batteries?
Does this splash water all over the floor? Reviews state you can't adjust bubbling water height.
Can you remove the upper dome portion by itself to refill it when there is still water in it?
How much water does it actually hold.....when I do the math on the description it states 36oz in the bottle and 18 in the bowl= 54oz not 62.
Is there a big difference between the express and the large neater feeder? Is the express just slightly smaller? I have a Doodle who is about 21"
Now that I see from a review that this feeder doesn't fit any extension legs, I probably will be returning for refund. I thought the height was 10" not 4"off floor? My golden is tall and large and needs the height. Linda
Do any large neater feeder legs fit the feeder I bought from you? Is this neater feeder express the sand color you are talking about? Which large legs will fit so I can buy them? Linda
Do the neater feeder large extension legs truely fit the neater feeder EXPRESS FEEDER (above)? I have read they do not. Why don't they match the bottom dark brown as the one above I bought? Thanks. Linda
What color is this?
I have a lab, is this the size I should get?
Is this Neater Feeder the Large size?
whats in it
My dog keeps shaking his head I went to the Vet I was told his ears are OK, if he has ear mites will this product work?
What is the normal expiration date? I bought a different brand from my vet and it expired within 60 days.
I see most find it pleasant, but what does it smell like? Citrus? If so, is it sweet like tangerine, or sour like grapefruit (personal dislike). Thx
This seems like a odd question but would this work or be safe for cats?
How many applications would a bottle of this size have?
Do you just put this product in the ear and leave it in or clean it out?
We have 2 service dogs: Yorkshire Terrier: 17" girth (6 lbs.), and Australian Silkie: 18.5" girth (16 lbs.) will they both wear same vest size?
does this vest look professional?
My dog is about 13 and a half. dchshund. what size should i get?
My dog is 32 lbs.. what size does he need?
Does the patch say service dog only.??? We need a emotional stability patch.....
Baxter is an English Toy Spaniel who weighs 14 lbs - would this be the right size?
I measured my alb yorkie and her girth is 14 1/2, should I purchase the 11-14 or 15-18?
Is the mesh stiff, I have a hairless Chinese crested wondering if this would irritate his skin
What size should I get for my 10 lb poodle?
I'm traveling on a plane with my ESA for the first time and know that a vest helps people see the dog as a necessity. Is this or "ESA" better?
How large are the "sevice dog" patches?
I'm traveling on a plane with my ESA for the first time and know that a vest helps people see the dog as a necessity. Is this or "ESA" better?
Do I need to submit a note from my doctor about my disability when I order the vest?
my dog weighs 18 pounds but hes kinda weird shaped. Usually needs a medium. Is there a place I can measurements for the vest to decide which is best
I'm traveling on a plane with my ESA for the first time and know that a vest helps people see the dog as a necessity. Is this or "ESA" better?
How large are the "sevice dog" patches?
I'm traveling on a plane with my ESA for the first time and know that a vest helps people see the dog as a necessity. Is this or "ESA" better?
Do I need to submit a note from my doctor about my disability when I order the vest?
my dog weighs 18 pounds but hes kinda weird shaped. Usually needs a medium. Is there a place I can measurements for the vest to decide which is best
I'm traveling on a plane with my ESA for the first time and know that a vest helps people see the dog as a necessity. Is this or "ESA" better?
How large are the "sevice dog" patches?
I'm traveling on a plane with my ESA for the first time and know that a vest helps people see the dog as a necessity. Is this or "ESA" better?
Do I need to submit a note from my doctor about my disability when I order the vest?
my dog weighs 18 pounds but hes kinda weird shaped. Usually needs a medium. Is there a place I can measurements for the vest to decide which is best
I'm traveling on a plane with my ESA for the first time and know that a vest helps people see the dog as a necessity. Is this or "ESA" better?
How large are the "sevice dog" patches?
I'm traveling on a plane with my ESA for the first time and know that a vest helps people see the dog as a necessity. Is this or "ESA" better?
Do I need to submit a note from my doctor about my disability when I order the vest?
my dog weighs 18 pounds but hes kinda weird shaped. Usually needs a medium. Is there a place I can measurements for the vest to decide which is best
I have a conure and I love the look of this cage. Does anyone use this cage for a conure or other small parrot? I am concerned mine will eat the wood!!
How does it hold up in the rain?
Is there any way to get into the nesting area?
what is the bar spacing? is it safe for parakeets?
What size mesh is the wire (1"x1"? 1/2" x 1/2"?, etc.), how sturdy is the wire (gauge?) and how the wire is attached to frame?
will this fit on to "hen house " cicken coop as an add on
What are the dimensions of the door opening? Does it have multiple doors/openings, one on the top and one lateral as seen in the picture?
I have a coop that has a run but would like to add a run as I got more birds. do the sides open?
what is the 3.7 inches?
What is the foot print size?
will it work good with a 54 gallon corner tank ?
I have a 30 gallon reef tank now. Also a 75 gallon in storage. Will this work for the 30 gallon now and in the future use it for my 75 gallon?
Does it come with some kind of stand if sump is too deep? LIke... does it come with some kinda stand to raise it up if necessary?
Is there warranty on the pump?
Get bubbles in the sump which go into tank. Push motor up &amp;get rid of bubbles but then no bubbles in skimmer, only water. Ideas on how to fix?
Can I hang this skimmer on the outside of my tank?
Is this protein skimmer quiet or moderately loud?
What is the optimal water level for operation in the sump? The portion I want to put the skimmer is 7 inches deep of water.
How loud is the pump?
Any ideas on how to encourage a cat to drink from it?
How often do you need to refill the water? (I have one cat and am wondering if this would work if I leave her alone for a few days)
Can't tell from the picture: what happens if there's a power failure or the pump quits pumping? Will the cats still have access to water?
How often do you have to change the filter?
Will this work for a 1 year old Egypian mau who splashes and puts her paws in? I bought this other other water dispenser with filter ( Non circulating ) that has been a nightmare her paws dirty the water then she won't drink from it and tries to splash...
My older cats are used to drinking from a raised bowl. Does the water pool at the top of the unit or would they need to learn to drink from bubbler?
How long is the power cord?
Front to back side to side what is the measurement what is the footprint of this unit?
What type of material is this fountain made of: plastic, porcelain? I want to purchase this product but I want to know what it's made of first.
The water isn't flowing over the entire top unless it is fully filled, otherwise, it just flows over about a 1/4 of the top. Any suggestions?
I have a 39 inches aquarium. I think the light wont be spread along tank cause 90 degrees or not?. btw is it 110 voltage or 110-240?
Where can I get instructions on how to program the lights? I lost the ones that came with it.
I have a 180 gal and I'm switching from T5s. I want to mount this in my canopy, where are than fans on the unit located?
What size of marine aquarium will this work on? Specifically, will it work on a 75 gallon corner tank?
I have a 300 gallon soon to be reef. 96" x30"x24"... is 3 enough? I also wanted to know the difference in the manual dimmer and the one with the timer
Would one fixture be sufficient for a 92 gallon corner reef tank?
I have a standard 75 gal sw with mostly LPS's but I want to start adding SPS's. Do I need to purchase 2 of these? My tank is 21" deep.
Can someone help with prog inst? My modes are AU, A0, A1, B0, B1, C0, C1 through G. On the TT website they say should be Blue, White, and Moon.
Does this fixture use 2 plugs or one?
I have a Nano 16. WIll this fixture work well or will it burn my corals?
I have 2 70 lb. pitbulls that have very thick nails. Are these going to work for the "toughest nails on the planet"?
Will these successfully work on small dogs or are they strictly intended for larger dogs? I have a Miniature Schnauzer and Yorkies.
Do they open all the way so I can cut dew nail?
Hi, are these made in the United States and if not, where are they made? Would like a definite answer before I place my order. Thanks!
Are the handles metal coated in the rubber grip or plastic coated in the rubber grip?
Will these also work for trimming cat nails?
are these ambidextrous? Are they equally useful for left handed and right handed operation?
Has anyone used these clippers on parrots? I have a large cockatoo with thick nails. Don't know how they compare to dog nails.
Where are these clippers made?
Where are these clippers made? U.S., Italy, China?
What is acceptable wear and tear? Mine's edges are all rough scratchy with shards hanging on after 1 day.
How large is this bone? My Australain Labrodoodle mid size 40 lbs. pure muscle and very strong jaws. Thanks!
Why criteria did Benebone use to decide on the 70 lb weight recommendation?My 80 pound dog's mouth is smaller than most her size and it seems ok.
How long does it last for everyone else? My lab destroyed it on her third chewing session. Collectively, it took her less than 90 minutes to eat part.
Is this bone large enough for a adult Great Dane. If not, then suggestion for stuff this big enough. Thanks
Are these hard as a rock like the Nylabones? My puppy will chew on those sometimes but I think she would like them better if they had some give to them.
Callie the German Shepherd loves to chew elk horns - broke a back tooth so need to get away from that. How's this on breaking teeth?
Has the level of bacon been reduced in the latest production of Benebones? It's now lighter in color and bacon scent doesn't seem as strong.
Callie the German Shepherd loves to chew elk horns - broke a back tooth so need to get away from that. How's this on breaking teeth?
We have a Pitbull who is still a "puppy" at 1.5 years old, and he can tear apart a bone, soccer ball, whatever, in 30-60 mins. Will this last longer?
There are alot of counterfeits of this product with nothing but placeboes being sold online, how do I tell if this is the real deal?
My breeder suggested I try this for my Westie that has Arthritis in her back legs, but what is the difference between phycox max and phycox,
Is it compatible with rimadyl?
I got the phycox max one but ordered some phycox max, what is the difference between the 2.
Are shrimp in this product?
How does this MAX product compare to the regular Phycox chewables product? Has anyone had better results with the MAX product?
so does your water line need to be constantly running for this product?
What happens if your dog knocks the bowl over
I want to connect it to an indoor water supply,spigot on the the cold water outlet for washer,what is the diameter of the hose that I should get?
Why does the features say that this fountain should not be used outdoors if average temperatures drop below 400F (40C)? Is this for volcanoes only?
How tall is the bowl ? I have 2 kittens and I wonder if its not going to be to tall for them.
Can this be mounted to the wall?
Do you have to have a hose hooked up to it? Can you just fill it when needed with a jug or something?
I purchased this Item 5 months ago,it was working fine but now the pump has stopped working,what should I do?
How often do you need to change the filters? I have 2 dogs 1 40lbs and the other about 25lbs. Dish is for outdoors
what filters do I order for it?
You can have it just 'beep' only without the zap, correct? Or does it beep each time you zap?
is this for a small dog? looking for one to fit a jack russell terrier, maybe 10 -12 pounds
How long does the collar charge last?
does it come with longer prongs
How do you turn it off/on? Does it have an actual switch?
We have an invisible fence. If our dog is outside and starts barking, can we use the remote from inside the house to get her attention?
will it work for small breed? around 8 pounds?
Is there an online training for this collar? The booklet doesn't seem clear on the training, such as how to train with the beep.
Can a dog swim in a pond with this on and it not short out and quit working
Is the remote AND the collar rechargeable, or just the collar?
My little morkie, Ella, is 10 lbs....Will she fit in it? Many thanks....
is this bed big enough for a 12 lb silky terrier
Can a 25lbs cockier-spaniel fit in this bed?
Is this small or can I fit my bulldog puppy on it?
I use water filtered through my Berkey. Would I still need to use these charcoal filters?
how many total filters do you get
Does the plastic in the polyester foam leach endocrine disrupters (such as BPA) into the water?
How often must be changed?
Do these filters make the water have a strong bitter taste, or taste differently?
How do the divider "slide out"? Will that create one single cage?
There are no dimensions. What are they for the cage only?
Can this cage be used to house an Amazon parrot. Thank you.
Hello. what are the dimensions of the boxes this ships in? also is it a flat box? thank you very much. cheers
any one know the exact demension of the cage itself thanks
Is this cage strong enough for a cockatoo?
instructions do not tell which size screws go where can anyone help me with this?
Can you remove the cage from the stand?
How tall is the actual cage? (w/o stand)
I have two parakeets now and 4 babies about a week and a half old. Will all 6 be satisfied with this cage?
Where are these made?
How big are they?
SUPER CONFUSED! There are two buying options: LARGE and 51 TREATS (PACK OF 2). They are the same price. What's the difference?
What size of dogs in LBS are these for?
I'm still confused. Are these 2 boxes each containing 51 treats (total of 102)? Sam's Club sells a single large box with 51 treats for $17.28.
is this treat good for dog up 15 lbs?
What is their country of origin/manufacture?
is it made in the USA or Canada?
How long are these? Thanks...
How much does the box weigh?
After cleaning my carpets, I still see the urine stain with a black light but they are much more faint. Is this normal?
It says two colors are available...Beige and UV-A. Is this the housing color only or the color of the light. Can anyone elaborate?
Will this pick up on human semen stains? Thanks!
Does this work on human urine stains,too?
What is the wavelength range of this item?
how many nm's is the bulb?
Does this pick up urine stains on hard floors or particle board? Thank you!
One review said it doesn't work on old spots. We have 5 year old odors. Will it work on those? Or was this reviewer the only one that didn't work for them.?
I have ordered this light and the company sent me a how to use email/Sadly I accidently deleted this/is there a special way to use this light?
does the light detect bleach stains and other househols cleaning chemicals that can be mistaken for cat urine?
What's the dfference between the mini barrier and the indoor barrier
will this work with a cat barrier collar?
what's the minimum distance I can set this for? I have a small office at work &amp; I want to keep my dog in but I don't want him to be stuck in a corner?
Can this be used in conjunction with the regular size barrier?
Do the indoor and outdoor barriers work with the same collar receiver?
Does this work with the receiver collar from the yardmax?
Will this deter my stubborn labradoodle from chasing cars?
What is the small light and wire prong thing for? Where does it go?
Will the transmitter stay turned on for a long period of time (so that I can discipline my dog for occasional bad behaviors)?
Once obedience has been established with the collar is it necessary to keep this collar on or can they return to a regular collar?
How durable is this as far as the weather goes. I used one years ago to train a service dog and found it an excellent tool .
does the signal pass through barriers?
My collar seems to be shutting itself off after a few minutes when my dog is sitting still. Does anyone else have this issue or is it just mine?
Do you leave this collar on all the time, or is it only when you need it?
I want to use it to walk a dog that it is not use to take walks, he keeps pulling and he is very strong, will it work?
How big is the Collar
Is this cage suitable for a Green Cheek Conure? Or is it too big?
i am trying to put this together. does the grate on top go on top of the tray?? its seems it should, but either way it is slanted. thanks
Can you remove the side food and water dishes from the outside ratherther then havve to reach in the cage?
can anyone tell me how the nesting door is used. does it come with a box that is inserted or do you have to purchase it separately. how does it work
Does any one have parakeets in this cage? Is it good for parakeets too!
where can i get replacement parts for this cage
Does the bottom pull out for easy cleaning? and is there access for bird to get to the top without opening front door?
With the bar spacing, would this be suitable for two cockatiels?
Did this arrive assembled?
Is it large enough for a Goffin Cockatoo
I have a pomchi (pom/chihuahua mix). She's about 10lbs. Should I order a XS or S? Thanks in advance.
would these socks be too big for a Yorkshire Terrier?
how many socks in the pack? 2 or 4?
Are they durable if worn outside?Thank you.
What are the dimensions of the large size?
What's are the dimensions of the Microcore insert?
I used mine 4 times and the third time I used it, I saw the fur part on top was wet, so it leaks. Anyone else have this problem?
After microwaving, about how long does it stay warm?
What is inside the cooling pad? I love this idea but I"m a little worried what would happen if for some reason my pup chewed on it.
can you freeze the pad for longer cooling effects?
Is it possible to order a spare Microcore so you can trade them out?
I saw that it ships in 5-7 weeks, does it really take this long to arrive?
Are the dimensions 32" long and 31" high? 17.5" width seems narrow.
Would this be okay for a guinea pig? I know they naturally have bad backs, so I was worried about the ramp, do you think it would be okay?
Would this work for a few chickens?
Does this product come fully assembled?
can a bunny stay outside in this in Miami, Florida??
what are the demensions
I dont see any bottom in this cage. Does it come with bottom?
Does the hutch have a wire floor for the droppings to fall into the pullout tray?
Did I read that right ? The run is detachable &gt;
Hey there - do you think this will hold up outdoors? I'm in Southern CA, no it doesn't really get too cold.
What are the dimensions of the house part and what are the dimensions of the side run part and then the entire length with the two of them side by sid
Would this be sufficient in the average winter months in MN of 10-30 degrees? Suggestions on one that would be?
I noticed the bottom of the hutch does not have a tray. We keep our rabbits in the garage so what would you recommend we use for the bottom?
How many chickens will this hold?
How many chickens will this hold?
Would this be a comfortable hutch for a Holland Lop?
Would this be large enough for one rabbit for every day? We want him to have lots of room to run around while we are away. Thanks!
How do you guys think this would do as an indoor cage for 2 or 3 rats?
The description states that the bulb is in stock. If so, why is the estimated delivery time almost a month out?
What's the size of the bulb?
i have a 28 galons biocube tank, how many do i need?
Compatible with any lamp? Can I use it with the desk lamp? Good for the reef?
Is it dimmable?
What is a FATTY FATTY FATTY MEAL?
Who is the manufacturer and where is the product made. It is not even showing a brand name
does this come in a four-pack or individual pills
Can you use this product on dogs, too? And if you can what would the dosage be? This is the only one I've seen on Amazon with both active ingredients!
what is the expiration date of the products being shipped?
Exactly what is a fatty meal for cats? Please give me examples. My cats normal diet is Purina Cat Chow. I do give them the juice from tuna in water.
what is the self life of the product?
Does this product kill biting mites?
how long to take affect?
does this work for ticks also?
this product includes the lamp bulb itself and lamp clip where you would screw the actual lamp bulb into correct?
The ceramic top on my heat lamp broke, can I still use the lamp or is it more dangerous now?
How many watts can the lamp hold max?
is this lamp good for a 10 gallon tank or any size tank
How does the lamp attach to the tank, and how long is the electrical cord?
any idea where can i buy the bio sponges?
Is it noisy?
do you carry replacement filters
Will this work on a leather couch to remove cat urine odor?
Does this take away that dog smell from a carpet so that when you vacuum it doesn't smell like old wet dog?
can this be used on brick/cement surfaces? Will this product remove cat urine odor from these surfaces?
can you use this in a car
can this be used on carpets using steam cleaner or for spots? I have used Oxyclean laundry spray &amp; no bleaching..
Does this product work on hardwood floors?
Is assembly required and if so, how much?
will this fit 2 dwarf bunnies? they are 2 1/2 pounds.
How wide is the entrance door?
is there proper ventilation with the door closed ? I don't see any
My inside bunnies dont have a cage,hutch,or pi So i need something to keep them in at night would this be ok?
What are the door dimensions?
I have a Chevy Equinox SUV. Is it large enough? All the reviewers have smaller vehicles. So I guess I need dimensions.
I have a SUV, a Nissan Juke. Will this seat cover be too big? The back seat measures about 51 across. Or does it come in a different size as well?
Is it blue?
Where is this cover made?
Where does the long strap go when installing I have the ones around the head rests
will this cover a Jeep Grand Cherokee back seat?
I have two big dogs - one is 55 lbs, the other is close to 100. Is this sturdy enough for them?
Are the straps for the on rear headrests adjustable? My headrest look similar to the 1st picture, but might be a little fatter.
Hi I received the seat cove but it says it has a cover inclued which was not in package-- it would be very helpful to have the "case"
My car is a two door G6 Pontiac. The front seats tip forward to get in the back seat. Will the front seat pull too tight for the dog to get in?
Is this airline approved?
Do you think this carrier would work for a 13 lb cat that will be on a 4 hour car ride?
What size crate for dachshunds? They are longer and need to be able to turn around.
What size are the animals in this crate? weight? I have a 15 # dog and this is for the car
Will my 9 pound, 14" tall Havanese dog fit in this crate? Flight time is 2.5 hours + 2 more hours at the airport????
Is there a carrying handle on top of Size: 24.6 X 16.85 X 15 model?
since this is plastic, does it smell after some time versus using metal crate
Where is the crate made?
what size should a french bulldog use?
Which size for a cat?
This kennel must handle?
Is this airline approved?
On other websites this same product, size 24.6" size has a handle. Does it have a handle or not?
where can i buy just the door?
Can the 28x20x19 carrier could fit two 17 Ilb cats? They dislike being separated so I am looking for a carrier that can fit them both.
it's big enough for 2 adult schnauzer mini, they fit comfortable?
it's big enough for 2 adult schnauzer mini, can them fit confortable?
What would be the best way to secure this kennel in the car? since it doesn't have a handle to put the seatbelt through it
What size for a Shetland Sheepdog who stands 16 inches at the shoulder?
is this airline approved?
Hello, it says Product Dimensions: 32.1 x 21 x 23 inches ; 42 pounds. I'm assuming the 32 is the length. is the height 21 or 23?
it's big enough for 2 adult schnauzer mini, they fit comfortable?
can i use for airplain?
does this carrier have a carry handle?
I have a puppy that will end up at about 50-55lbs and 20-23 in...which crate would work best?
I have a very energetic 24 pounds dog and he likes to stretch himself. Should I get 28 inches one or 32 inches model?
I have a very energetic 24 pounds dog and he likes to stretch himself. Should I get 28 inches one or 32 inches model?
I'm looking at the 32" L model - are the dimensions outside, or inside? And how sturdy/secure is that door when closed?
Does this item meet TSA requirements for airline travel?
Is there a handle on top?
Can this be used with wet cat food?
What is the total volume of food that this product holds when the tubes are full?
How would this work for two cats?
Are the tubes that come with the Stimulo Activity Center open ended at the bottom (like toilet rolls) or are they closed (like Aikiou Level 3 tubes)?
I have one cat, these tubes seem large, could I use one or two for water? Can a cat pull the cylinders out of the base?
How big are the tube openings? I'm concerned about my two polydactyls getting their big paws in there.
Did yours come sealed in plastic, or with an instructions insert? Mine did not; I want to be sure I got a new rather than used one.
2 reviews said the tubes have no bottoms! How is food contained? How is this different from the other one on Amazon besides color?
How long is the cable? I am not able to see the length listed. Thank you!
This is for just the cable, no stake included, correct? How long have you had the cable, and how well has it held up to weather?
How do you tension this between two trees that are less than 25' apart?
Are both the ends same or is there a way to tie it to something on one end?
How log is cable?
Jeez people, you need to add the length - why isn't the length IN the ad and ON the package? Duh.
what color?
Can I use one cable for two dogs? What can I hook it to?
Could I put two cables together? I need 50 ft. How is the dog attached?
With ones (size) are poly or foam filled ?
What is the size ?
Is this an OUTDOOR BED? To withstand light rain, moisture.? Not sitting on grass, but my English Bull dog Gus, loves to sit on our covered porch in
does it have a metal zipper?
While this bed fit my Blue Heeler
The description says most of the dog beds have removable covers. Does this one? I have no use for it if it doesn't so I want to make sure
What are the dimensions of this house? My cat is about 25 lbs., would this suit him?
will this house hold two full grown cats
Does this unit come completely assembled? Or is assembly required ?
hi, i am looking for a winter shelter for 3 ferral cats (mom and 2 kids)! do you have something this size?
is this item waterproof?
Im getting a rose breasted cockatoo will this cage be big enough?
what is the bar mm? and will it fit an umbrella cockatoo?
are there bars of the top of the cage to hang toys from?
Assuming the cage is fully assembled (on wheels, etc) - What is the height of the cage without the play top?
I have a cage but I am looking for a wood perch replacement. Do you sell it separately?. Thanks
would my lesser sulfer cockatoo fit this cage?
What are the dimensions of the cage itself?
Do you think this cage is big enough for a blue and gold macaw
is this big enough for a night cage for a macaw?
Are they individually wrapped?
One more question, are these non splintering bones?
where are they from?
Is this product made in the USA?
Are these all natural? (meaning no artificial flavorings, or preservatives)
How many calories in one knee cap bone?
Your shipping page says you ship to APO, but when I try to check out it won't let me select an APO address. Do you ship to APO or not?
What are the average size of these kneecaps?
how often do the Active Carbon Filter Pack need to be replaced?
is this one coming with both the filter and wall attachment hose accessories?
I see extension hoses; does that mean that you are supposed to vent the odor onto your neighbors porch or something?
So does the fan system hook onto the charcoal filter? Or does it attach directly to the box?
My cat has very large mats, will this product work on her.
Does this work well on Persian cats? I have a cat with very fine "cotton candy" hair and the Furminator does not work on his.
i have a siberian husky will this get all the matts out behind his ears?
Would you recommend this for a Jack Russell Terrier? If yes is this all we need it better to use this in conjunction with a deshedding brush? Thanks.
Hi Folks, have a Golden Retriever; is a good tool for my dog ?
I have an English Cocker Spaniel with very thick hair. I want something gentle for his long, winter hair.
Does this work for pulling/thinning horse manes and tails?
Does anybody have the problem of the pet hair not staying on the brush after each stroke. With mine, the hair falls off onto my cat after each stroke.
Is this one double sided like it shows in the pic.? It doesn't say so in the description
Are there actual blades that cut the hair as you comb, or are they just tines that comb out the undercoat?
Is there an alarm system if a gopher/rodent chews thru the wiring?
Has any body used this 1000ft Spool 14 AWG 80 Mil Jacket Monster Extreme Duty Dog Fence Wire? Is it compatible with PetSafe Yard Max PIG00-11115?
I see that the battery is not replaceable. How long does the unit last and have you found any replacement batteries?
On leash my dog will not even approach the flags. However, he ran through (he is extremely fast) a number of times when I let him off the leash.
The recharable batteries on the pet safe yard max, are they lithum or ni-cad batteries?
if the area has sitting water at times, will the unit be ok? We are on a river that floods once a year so some areas wd be underwater occasionally
I know there is a tone mode only for training, but in regular mode does the dog get a warning tone before a shock?
Can I do 2 layers of wire along my entire backyard so my dog can have access to my entire fenced in backyard instead of 3 feet from the fence?
Can this system be used with a 10# cat and a 23# cat?
If wire is cut or chewed through, will the unit still work up to the break point or is it a closed system?
Does the pull out tray have a screen?
what are the dimensions of the item without roof overhang?
can you block the first level from the second level?
My son has two guinea pigs, do you think this would work for them? Also, does it have a bottom it doesn't look like it in the picture....
Could a cat paw fit through the wire on this cage?
Can a floor be easily added? I am looking at this to house guinea pigs in our family room.
would this work for 2 rabbits? one is a dwarf and the other is a regular sized rabbit
2 questions: Is there a floor to this? And could a floor be easily added, looking to use this for ferrets after a little adjustment (if I buy it.)
how wide are the door openings?
Does the roof slope? Also is it easily knocked over by wind or animals?
Can this hutch house Chickens?
Are the dimensions on the product description correct?
Does this hutch have a wire floor and a poop tray underneath?
Has anyone painted their hutch to help weatherize it for outdoor use ?
can it be used for chinchilla? I can't find decent chinchilla cage
Can this house Guinea pigs?
Does the roof open?
How much weight will this hold? I am thinking about using this as sleeping area for 2 feral cats (I will remove the wire from the bottom).
Do you sell a replacement trays? Or trays for the bottom?
Are there any tools needed to assemble it, and if so, which kind (screwdriver?) etc. just moved and don't have a tool box, I'll need to get one?
What's the bottom of the indoor part? Is it just a tray? Or is there a wire bottom
I do kitten rescue would this be strong enough for 6 to 8 kittens, they would not be outdoors in evening, just during the day in good weather
Is seems like the run isnt very high, how tall is it from top to bottom at the lowest point?
What do you use the top tray for? Do you lay anything down on it or just let bunnies lay on metal?
Is it big enough for large outdoor cat at night to keep him from fight/getting ran over.
I would only consider if it it had better latches. I live in the woods and foxes racoons ect.. would easily open those
Is this good indoors
Anyone using this for chickens? Is there a nesting box, easy access to eggs?
is this for chicken
so what's to prevent a raccoon from (easily) opening those doors?
Is it suitable for use as a dog feeder?
How air-tight is the food container? I'm wondering how quickly food with all natural preservatives will go stale.
Is this good outdoors?
If you use only the battery power, how often on average will the batteries need to be replaced?
I am looking for an automatic feeder for my small goats. Their grain is about the same size as cat kibble. Would this be suitable for them?
Can the food tray be permanently removed and a stainless steel bowl be used instead? My cat is allergic to plastic.
Is the feeder make of BPA free plastic?
How loud does it get when it dispenses food (beyond the sound of the food falling in the bowl)? Will it wake me up?
What size cat keeble does it say to use? Will it work with my chihuahua's round keeble or must if be flat?
Is the food container diswasher safe?
I have a 45 pound sharpei will the large fit her?
so, if my 9 lb chihuahua measures a 12.5-13.0, which is a large. Does that mean there are none bigger for larger breed dogs? each should have range.
I have a 10 pound cockapoo. I consider her a small dog, but she measures 12 inches around her belly just in front of her hind legs. Large?
how are they regarding sizing?
Is it large enough for my African Grey ?
Is it large enough for my Quaker/Monk parrot ?
Is it large enough for my African Grey ?
I just purchased an "All Living Things" House style cage for parakeets, finches and canaries. It has a drop-down style front door that is a fairly large opening. My old bird bath for my smaller cage is too small. How can I know if this one will fit in...
What size cages dose it fit I have a big cage
Is this wood? If so what kind? I'm thinking about putting gerbils in this but i have to make sure the material is ok for them.
where does the cage open for the bunny to come/go
What is the front of the hutch made of (plexi-glass, glass, plastic, wire)?
The inside hide away house, what are the dimensions pleases?
What are the dimensions of the box house inside?
how do you attach a water botte to the side of the hutch?
What is the top of the cage made of? How does the animals breathe if there isn't any wire?
What is the size of this hutch?
Does this cover slip around a lot on leather seats? Or does it stay in place well?
what are the actual dimensions?
Can it be installed securely if my rear headrests are not adjustable but are part of the rear seat that just is higher than the rest of the back seat?
Does the dog hair actually stick to this cover? The problem that I have with the canvas or plastic-y ones are that the hair flies all over the car.
I want to make sure that the seat cover that will be shipped is black. If not, I do not want it.
how does this cover work on leather seat?
Cannot figure out what to do with the strap with the hook on the end. Hook it to what?
what are the headrest straps made of? my current cover (that does nothing, at this point) has an elastic loop and it is far too stretched out now.
Has anyone used this in a 2011 Hyundai Elantra? Or A 2015 Subaru Forester?
Where is this Deluxe Pet Car Seat Cover made?
Is this a hammock like seat or a flat board with cover?
Does anyone have a better picture of this seat when it is installed?
does it Velcro to the sill or have a lip that fits into the sash?
Some reviews are speaking about different perches (like screwing down) but I want to know if this come with a bonus cover?
Does this product come with screws if you want to screw it into the window sill?
How wide is the Velcro strip?
If my window sill has a ledge of about 6 inches, can I use this product?
Is there any way to attach it other than velcro? I would like to move it around.
What are the dimensions of this item?
Does it only work with the window shut?
I see 85lb weight limit in one discription and also see....small pet?? I want this for a 70lb bulldog.
Does it have a safety strap to attach harness?
Can I remove the enclosure and use it for a crate when visiting other people's homes?
Does this come with a rain/wind plastic shield?
We have (2) 13 lbs shih tzu's. Is there enough room for them?
I have a Motiv Sleek Electric Bike. Will this fit with that bike? I was told a seat mount would be a safer fit, rather than an axle mount?
Looking for a stroller that my 8 yo shih Tzu g can get in/ out of when she needs a rest/when it's really hot. Would this work?
Does it have suspension? Do any of you who own this use it for running?
Would you have enough gliding room for you feet to rollerblade given the distance with the extended handle?
Can it carry a 60 pound or 70 pound dog?
is this IATA approved? can it be used for Air France/
Is this strong enough to be firmly secured with luggage straps to which I'd attach the seatbelt or would the sides collapse?
is the door on this model easily removed? Boarding kennel requires that I remove door to crate for boarding. Is there a handle? Thx
I need the replacement door for this model...what dimensions should I be looking for?? Do you sell the doors? Thanks.
Is this the actual picture of the item. I am seeing totally different picture of it on other websites and even the pictures uploaded on this page.
Does it come with holes on sides to fasten it with metal screws or wing nuts?
Does this kennel include clip-on food and water cups?
Is this sturdy enough for airline travel? Are there holes in the back (photo seems to show, but would like to confirm)?
good afternoon Please let me know if this model is ideal for the English Cocker Spaniel, if not I can specify the exact model for English cocker span
What are the "inside" dimensions of the floor?
how big is the box that it is shipped in?
Does it come with handles?
what typeof material are the bolts and nuts that hold the top and bottom section together?
Is it made in the USA?
How large are the oval vent holes in this kennel? My dog tries to push his nose through any holes and can hurt himself.
Is it IATA Approved?
Is this the Xlarge cage?
what is the actual weight of the X Large kennel ?
Does this crate have predrilled holes for inserting ties to secure the door during air travel?
What are the inner dimensions of the 36" Vari Kennel
question about dimensions...height x width x depth (36x25x27) or dimensions in another order such as depth x width x height?
What is are the shipping dimensions and weight of the product? Not the dimensions when assembled, but what the box size and weight are as mailed.
Dimensions please?
Is this bed machine washable &amp; dryable? If so how does it hold up after multiple washes? Thankx
What are the inside dimensions of this bed?
Does this bed make a crinkling noise? My cat would not like that
Would that size work for a Bichon ?
Is this low enough to the ground for a puppy to use?
use for water
Has anyone tried these outside? We've started feeding a couple of neighborhood kitties, &amp; are looking for something we can use outside. I'm in Texas
ARe the bowls removable for washing and are they stainless steel?
would this be too small for a 30lb Beagle?
What is the difference between this one the "express" and the other neater feeder that costs more?
height
Is this just the bowls or the bowls and Neater Feeder stand also?
How many cups of liquid do the bowls hold?
Are the bristles made of metal or plastic. Are they soft are hard?
If I buy this, would I still need something like a furminator? Or is this the same thing?
I have a toy poodle with curly hair will this brush take away loose hair, remove matts and leave it feeling smooth and soft?
What are brush head dimensions for the large size and small size? I want to get the right size for a 40 lb shepherd-heeler mix.
Can this brush be used on a short haired cat by chance and be effective?
I have an American Eskimo, does the brush good for those kind of dogs?
I have a french bulldog with thick coat.. Would you recommend this product?
Is it small enought to use on a Pomeranian that is 4 pounds?
I will have a Japanese spitz. he will be 20-25 lb. the breed has a long thick coat. does your product work for him? if so, what size do I need? does the large size brush work for him and get the job down faster?
I have a 6 pound Russian Toy Terrier would the small size be small enough for him? Are the bristles soft are hard?
Are the bristles made of metal or plastic. Are they soft are hard?
If I buy this, would I still need something like a furminator? Or is this the same thing?
I have a toy poodle with curly hair will this brush take away loose hair, remove matts and leave it feeling smooth and soft?
What are brush head dimensions for the large size and small size? I want to get the right size for a 40 lb shepherd-heeler mix.
Can this brush be used on a short haired cat by chance and be effective?
I have an American Eskimo, does the brush good for those kind of dogs?
I have a french bulldog with thick coat.. Would you recommend this product?
Is it small enought to use on a Pomeranian that is 4 pounds?
I will have a Japanese spitz. he will be 20-25 lb. the breed has a long thick coat. does your product work for him? if so, what size do I need? does the large size brush work for him and get the job down faster?
I have a 6 pound Russian Toy Terrier would the small size be small enough for him? Are the bristles soft are hard?
Are the bristles made of metal or plastic. Are they soft are hard?
If I buy this, would I still need something like a furminator? Or is this the same thing?
I have a toy poodle with curly hair will this brush take away loose hair, remove matts and leave it feeling smooth and soft?
What are brush head dimensions for the large size and small size? I want to get the right size for a 40 lb shepherd-heeler mix.
Can this brush be used on a short haired cat by chance and be effective?
I have an American Eskimo, does the brush good for those kind of dogs?
I have a french bulldog with thick coat.. Would you recommend this product?
Is it small enought to use on a Pomeranian that is 4 pounds?
I will have a Japanese spitz. he will be 20-25 lb. the breed has a long thick coat. does your product work for him? if so, what size do I need? does the large size brush work for him and get the job down faster?
I have a 6 pound Russian Toy Terrier would the small size be small enough for him? Are the bristles soft are hard?
Is it normal for this RO unit to start making 16ppm RO water after about 200g made? My tap is 400ppm
What is the PH of the water filtered through this system? I'd be using it for Discus.
Why is there no obvious indication that the blue tubing needed to attach to water supply is not included?! The unit is no good without it!
can i just hook this up to my sink from the faucet? and then remove it when i do not wish to use it?
I want to 2 buy a r/o unit for my drinking water only. Will this unit do the job?
Does this unit remove ammonia from water?
would this be good enough for saltwater?
I have the 4 stage 100 gal. Does less than 1 gal of good water to 5 gallons of waste water sound right?
I just took a measurement. I'm at 50 psi well water. The minimum required pressure in the manual says 60. Will it still work?
How many gallons can you actually get out of it before you need to replace filter parts? Instructions only say 6 months?
Are there 4 packs of 36?
Are there 4 packs of 36 stix each?
Is this 4 separate packages of 36 r just 36 total treats? I'm just curious because I can buy one pkg for $15. Will not purchase w/o clarification.
How heavy are these steps please. I can no longer lift my GSD into my car so need suitable step
does it fit under the bed?
what are the step dimensions, how tall?
How heavy are these steps please. I can no longer lift my GSD into my car so need suitable step
Can they be used on a cat tree to help them get to the top space
Where are these manufactured?
What is the height to the top step
Are the steps adequate for a dog to climb into a small SUV?
How deep is each step?
would likke to knowthe height of the steps.
Does this cover come in two pieces to make a jump seat functional?
I need the headrest straps to adjust to 15+ inch, non moveable headrests.Will these straps work?
Is it washing machine-proof? I bought a different one awhile ago and the backing fell apart when I washed it.
I am getting a 2015 Toyota Tacoma Double Cab - Not sure if i should get a REGULAR or XL - Any suggestions??? Any input would be greatly appreciated!
Which is the measurement for the part that lays on the actual seat part? 53 or 57? We have a truck with a bench seat, it makes a difference for us.
Is the black poly fabric slippery, or soft (like micro suede) ???... It looks shiny= slippery surface for dogs.
Can you attach a car seat base in the middle of the back seat with this cover on?
I have a 2011 Toyota Tundra with a rear cloth bench-type seat. Does this fit?
Will this allow me to still seat belts when using Child Booster seat in 2014 Outback ?
Will this fit on a Kia 2012 Kia Soul?
Will this fit a Volkswagon Passat back seat?
Does the over hang from the seat come up with a large dog sitting on the back seat. I have a 87 lb Puppy Rottie &lt;3
The material looks like it would be slipery on top for the dogs. Did you have an issue with the dogs losing their footing? Thanks in advance!
I have a 100lb GSD. Cross country move. Is this sturdy when used as a hammock to extend backseat? or will he still flop around?
How easy is it to take off if you want passengers in the back seat or if it's a split seat?
Is the cover slippery? I have one now and my poor pup slides on the surface.
Will this fit a Nissan Altima, backseat? Especially since my backseat doesn't have head rests like in the picture shown.
I have a 2015 outback (more SUV-like than previous models) do I get the regular or large?
Will this fit a 2011 BMW 5351?
How is the seat secured to the point where the seat meets the back (by the seat belt openings)? How well does this work on very slippery leather?
Any idea if this will help reduce outside noise much?
Would you recommend this for a dog with separation anxiety that chews at the wood on the door frame? Or can it come off too easily and stick to him?
Is this for one roll of film or 9?
I was hoping to use it on the inside door panels of my vehicle to protect the vinyl when my chihuahua is riding in the car. Will this product adhere to vinyl surfaces?
Can it be placed on glass windows?
Renting, so thinking of using this to protect my inside, painted window sills - will the tape upset the paint when I remove it at move-out?
Can this be used outside on the door?
Do you think this will protect the bottom of a door from a 3 pound ferret scratching?
Is this 3 inches or 3 ft wide? Thanks
How can it be cut to size?
How large does it get ? What are the dimensions ? I am busty.
I have a four pound Yorkie. Is this small enough?
I have a 6lb Chorkie. He's 13" long. Will he fit in this?
What kind of material is the inside of it? I'd like to use it while I'm at the dog park during the winter time for my 7lb chihuahua.
I have an 11 lb. Boston terrier pup. What is the max weight for this? Does it come in a bigger size? What breeds did these people have:)?
Will a 10 lb. Shih Tzu fit into a small carrier? Do you have this carrier in a medium?
will a 15 pound Pom fit in this?
MY YORKIES IS 7,5 LBS , WILL SHE FIT IN HERE
I have a 10lb 6oz Pomeranian. will this be too small?
For old stains, can i just fill a bucket with water and put the tablet inside with it and then put in the item? Will that work?
dog?
Once you add water to activate the product how long is the shelf life?
Can you put it in a carpet cleaning machine that mixes with another cleaner?
what exactly happens to the cat urine if it's not 'eaten' by this product?
Does this work for old stains? What about stains from cat hairballs?
Can you use this product on outdoor pea gravel to get rid of the smell yet not deter the pet from using it? Just use to freshen area?
Has anyone used this on fresh red wine spills on carpet? And does it workK
Has anyone tried this on leather?
Does this product remove or dimish the UV spot that a pet stain makes?
Will this fit at your feet under the airplane seat in front of you? Some clearances are only 8.5" height and some are up to 10" on planes.
will my weiner dog fit in this? She is long??
I was thinking of using this for walks with my rats, I have three full-grown males. Would they all fit? :/
I'm thinking of using this for a medium parrot,short venture. Know it has mesh sides, don't think he'll be able to grab mesh with beak. Thoughts?
my dog is 8lbs is this a good carrier
Does this have any features that make it "leakproof" as required by my airline?
I HAVE A 10# CHIUAHA SP?. Will this be big enough for a 5 hour flight?
i have a 10lb cat, just need it for short trips to the vet, would this be too small or ok?
Can it fit a 14 lb. shi tzu?
How much does this carrier weigh?
what size for a 20 pound dog
Is this able to fit under airplane seat?
does it secure to the seat in any way? Does it hang from the headrest like a dog booster chair?
I don't have a heatrest in my sportscar - the seat slims at the top. Does one need a headrest to attach this?
Is this enough room for a 25 lb. American Eskimo dog? It will be a very long drive which will be approx. 16 - 18 hrs.
Is the floor of this Carrier soft?
Would this carrier accommodate multiple cats, assuming each is of average size? The cats are currently kittens but will of course grow to adult size.
How tall is the front wall vs the back wall? I would like to know if the dimensions that state 12" tall are for the back wall or front.
is it soft all over or are the corners hard? or it's soft all over? as in can I squish it under a seat if it's a little too big?
I don't understand how they can see out if it doesn't hang around headrest? Maybe I'm missing something? Want pup to see out can you take that meshoff
Is this device sound (bark) activated or is it always emitting the unpleasant frequency?
How long does the battery last?
I have just purchased this and my dogs are panicked. I don't understand the sensor setting. Does low mean it doesn't pick up noises that are low.
Is there a power adapter available so that it can be plugged in?
does it have an off/on button?
We want to put this in our small backyard because of the neighbor's bark-happy dogs. Will the noise from it hurt our little guinea pig who's inside?
Is there a way to adjust the intensity of the sound the dogs hear. It works great but too good. My dogs won't come out of hiding.
Is the First Alert Bark Genie guaranteed
is it weather resistant?
is it weather resistant?
What are the dimensions of this cover?
Does this stay on leather furniture?
The description says chocolate but the photo shows tan. Is the chocolate color on the other side?
Is this thick enough to protect leather furniture against cat claws walking on it
How long is the leash from person to dog?
I have a small great dane (around 120 lbs), will this be strong enough for her?
Are there pockets to carry bags and treats, and perhaps a phone, too?
Is it reflective at all besides the LED light?
Is the leash detachable from the waist belt.
I have a toy poodle. It looks like the leash length works well with large dogs, but is it long enough for a small dog, s your not tripping over him?
can 2 dogs be attached?
What waist size does this work with?
How do you turn the led light on and off?
What is the inside bottom of the pan like--smooth or rough?
What are the dimensions?
You note above the pan is 24 inches long yet the product description above states 19.5" long. Can you clarify please?
How high is the entryway ?
i'm looking for something 17" wide or smaller, any suggestions?
This is what I read, "Product Dimensions: 19.5 x 16.8 x 11 inches". Why did someone write it was 18 inches wide? How wide is this littler box??
Is the 16.8" width measured at the top or the bottom? Our nook has width of 16.5" at the bottom with more room on top - would this fit?
Are there slots for a dog harness to attach to the seatbelt within the back of the car seat? How much does this weigh? What's the type fabric?
how is the bottom non slip black fabric holding up ? does it flake after months of use ?
how to clean
How durable is the fabric? Will it hold up to lots of sharp claws?
is it machine washable?
is this capable of growing at least medium lighting plants?
what is the space between the inside and outside of the clamp that goes over the glass.?
Can I use it in a 10 gallon tank
Is the blue light only like a black light? Will it show the glow of the neon tetras at night?
what size is the male plug?
will this work as a light source for intank algae scruber? 50 gallon tank
I have a 2.5 gallon tank with black frame edge. Will this fit over it?
Anyone know the color temperature?
How big around and long is it in inches?
What does it measure without stretching?
exactly what size is it? Need 15"-16" size
does it have hook for leash
Size
is it rust proof? i was thinking to put it in my walk in shower so it needs to be rust proof.
Would this be big enough for my 25 lb sheltie?
Has there been any issues with other restraint systems? It seems like most of the other harnesses available use an eyelet hook to attach to. I
Will this table accomodate a stard poodle of 50 pounds?
Can the table get wet how durable is it to water?
Is it easy to fold and unfold this table?
Is the noose shown in the photo included?
Is the noose shown in the photo included?
what type restraint do you recommend for 2-4lb adult yorkies?
Does the arm come off the table completely?
What is the table top made of and is the surface rubber matting?
Does this table include the clamp to attach the arm?
How much does the table weigh?
Does the table easily fold up easily?
What is the height of this table (floor to tabletop)?
Is the table height adjustable or fixed at 40 inches? Thanks.
Would the 36" table be large enough for a 50 lb English setter
Can this hold a 130 lb dog?
Can this table hold a 80+ pound Golden Retriever, withouth worry?
Does it come with the loop to secure the position of the pet
Does it come with a hook in the grooming arm and how does the no sit haunch holder attach? It looks like it pinches?
Will it hold a 25 to 28 pound dog? Cocker spaniel?
Is it rust proof? Has anyone kept it outside for a long time? Thanks.
Will it hold a purebred German Shepherd? Two years old?
IS IT FOLDABLE
Does the blue color in the 30" table come with the shelf too?
does this come with the basket pictured?
Does this table come with the noose?
My dryer heats up without any heat setting on, it heated up the air all by itself. Is this normal? In less than a min. the air was warm like a blow dr
Is this better than a good/strong human hair dryer? Why is it?
is only 110 volt? or 110/220v ?
We use a self bath station locally.How does this compare to a professional dryer. Is it a good fur blow out and does it add body to the coat?
How many HP is the dryer?
Is the canister/housing made out of steel or plastic?
Is this considered a high velocity dryer? I want to straighten my poodle's curly hair after showers and I'm wondering if this will be able to do that.
Are you able to attach the unit to the wall?
Is this a good dryer for a pug? How long would it take to dry a pug in your suggestion time frame with this dryer?
How long and wide is the hose of the dryer?
how much does this table weigh? how much weight can this table support?
What is the maximum height of this table ground to table top (not including the arm)?
Is this table portable? Would it be too difficult to disassemble and reassemble in a clients house?
I have a dog that weighs 120 pounds. Is this heavy duty enough?
i am asking the same questions as others i have150 pound dog will this hold my dog?
Does this table wobble with bigger dogs?
Is the stroller easy to fold? Online manual shows that you have to undo the Velcro from the bottom and lift canopy back, is this true?
Is it easy to put together?
What material are the wheels, soft or hard?
can i keep my cat in it when it is in the car
How high is the handle bar? I'm 6'3" and need tall bars.
What is the measurements of the stroller when folded?
I read the 1 star reviews from this past summer 2014 and all 6 complained about the fabric fraying in the bottom. Even the replacements.YOURS?
Why are images showing toy dogs in this stroller, when it's for 45 lb. dogs? Is it not good for 45# dogs?
I lost the instructions manual. How i close the stroller?
is the a safety strap to hook to a harness so the dog doesnt jump out ?? thanks
is this big enough to go almost wall to wall in a 50 gallon tank or would I need two.
are these dull enough for use at night for moon lights?
can you replace the light blubs in these or once the lights go out do you have to replace the whole piece?
Is this light 47.5 cm or inches long?
I have 1 bearded dragon, 1 day gecko,2 leopard geckos, and 3 Chinese Water Dragons. What is the life span of these crickets?
Is there a replacement food for crickets when feeding a Chinese (Asian) Water Dragon? I mean could super worms, Hi-Cal worms etc. become the new staple? Keeping gut-loaded crickets in my bedroom, though sounds nice, is gett'n to be little much.
What type/breed of crickets are they?
Are these made in China? Thanks!
Are they VERY lightweight and squishy?, or do they have a hard core?
Is there a bell in the fur ball?
You mean these are made from dead rabbits?
Are they suppose to light up????
How big are they, in inches?
What is a "static pulse" -- is it an electric shock to the dog's neck? Confusing wording, no real info.
is the battery included, what size is it?
does it hurt the dog, is it scented
when do you know is time to replace the battery
Does it go through walls, such as being in one room and the dog is barking at the other end of the house will this work?
Will this help with very loud crying? Our pup cries and barks when shes ignored for a minute.
Can this be used outside?
Has anyone tried this with cats? Can they hear it? I have 2 cats who occasionally fight. I need something to momentarily divert their attention.
Is this ultrasound product good for dogs that can sense lightening or a storm coming? My dogs are afraid of the other ultrasound products.
How much is this in English please
Hi, Can you ship to the UK?
How many boxes of 114 are there? The description states "Pack of 4" -- which "should" mean 4 boxes of 114.?
Several reviews say the $ is really high compared to retail stores. I'm trying to verify - is this a qty of 4 of the 114 count boxes (total of 456 treats)?
What are the dimensions of this item?
I read that PetSafe is not compatible with twisted wire, that you can only use solid core.
Can I run this through the water? I have a creek that crosses my yard, but I would like the dog to be able to go on the other side.
Do you sell this in a single 1500ft spool?
Does this come as 1 continuous roll of 1000 feet or 2 rolls of 500 feet?
Can this wire be "wound around itself" like thinner wire where you don't want protection of the invisible fence? If so how do you wind the wire?
Can this be installed above ground attached to pasture fence posts; in other words, will the sun degrade the insulation?
What connectors do you recommend for this wire due to it's extreme size? Do you also sell these connectors?
Do you sell this in 500 LF rolls?
stranded or solid core?
How thick is the cable? When I connect my small dog to a standard plastic-covered cable tie-out, she stands and freezes. I think it is too heavy.
Can I use this at a public park?
Thinking about ordering small for my 35# corgi, which is above weight limit, but thinking it might solve tension problem. Any thoughts??
What is the recommended weight limit for this product?
What is the stake &amp; side pieces made of-plastic or metal? Ground can be firm where I live at times.
I do not know my dog's dob, as she was from the shelter...how can we change it up for that?
i do not see "contact seller" any where on my order, where exactly do you put the info?
I don't want the DOB or DOD on the stone. I would also like the border around the stone to be just a square border. I would like everything centered.
Instead of In Loving Memory can I have My Best Friend ?
I'm interested in the Sandblast engraved Grey stone 6x12 but I don't want the paws and I want the text to say just "our companion". doable?
can i put it in the grass and mow over it?
Have placed an order for the marker. Would like to submit the infor mation for the stone, but do not see a way to do this.
What are the dimensions, and how much does the stone weight?
how to personalize item?
how do I get the personal information for the markers?
How do I contact seller regarding personlization?
Is there an additional charge for ordering this marker without it reading "In loving memory?"
does it lay flat or is it raised?
Where is the contact seller? I do not see it!
What is the actual size of this stone? It says 4x8 is that inches?
How big is this marker?
Is there a difference between cat/dog paw print option?
Can I get it without the paw prints?
how do you personalize the dogs name and year on the tomb stone
Would it be possible to replace paw prints with an image of a bunny rabbit?
How do I customized the engraving?
is it possible two pet names &amp; dates on one stone
I want to place an order, however I would prefer to put beginning and ending dates on the stone. I cannot find the "contact seller" option
can i get a plain stone with name and dates, nothing else. in marble or granite. 6x10x3
Can you make a stone with horseshoes instead of paw prints? Will it be the same price?
I need the stone to be 3 inches deep as well as the 6" x 12" Can you do this?
How do i personalize my order?
Hi.. How deep is the engraving for the lettering?
Where do I customize my pets name and info?
Can the saying be customized or just the name and dates? I wouldn't want the "God has you in his keeping"
Is this where I tell you what I want engraved on this pet memorial?
how do you put your dogs name in the stone?
How do I specify what I want to be engraved on the stone?
How big is this memorial stone?
Is there a way to prop it up or stick it in the ground or must it lay flat?
is there any hardware on the backside to hang this marker with? I want to hang it from my wood fence.
How do you order the paws for a cat? Do you have one that has a small cat on it?
Are the paw prints the same for dogs and cats?
How well does it stand up in the sun? Does the lettering fade after time?
Is it possible to get a bigger size? Perhaps an 8x12? And can we add his last name and the whole date of death (i.e. 1/1/11)?
Can I get one made without the foot prints?
How do you clean the litter box? Is there a liner that fits the box for easy kitty litter clean-up?
How how is the opening from the floor?
Is there a filter? If so what do you use?
What is the actual inside measurement, front to back?
Does anyone else see a problem with the photos?
Wait a minute isnt that a dog in the picture?
What is the height of just the bottom portion of the pan? Also, what is the height from the floor to the bottom of the door opening?
what is the actual inside measurement, front to back?
Do Jonny Cat Heavy duty jumbo liners (3Ft x18in) work in this litter box?
Is the door flappy, is it hard for them to get in and out
My male cat sprays really bad. Would the lid keep the urine contained? Or would it leak out?
Which litter pan liners fit this box?
Cannot use cover b/c of asthma but need high back for occasional overshooting pee, how high is rear from floor (w/o lid)? THANKS!
Is the top easy to remove?
What is the true length of the box? I have exactly 24.5 inches to work with and am wondering if it's really 25 inches. thanks!
How deep is the bottom tray in the back?
I want to make sure the lid really is transparent since petco no longer carries this.
I have four cats, prefer to use liners, and change the box daily vs scooping. Has anyone tried using a liner? Concerned with the slope/rise at the back and fit of a liner. Jumbo's I use are 36x18. Thanks!
How high is the entrance from the ground (the little dip at the front)? I have a three-legged cat and she can't jump very high. Thanks!
My male cat sprays really bad. Would the lid keep the urine contained? Or would it leak out?
Which litter pan liners fit this box?
Cannot use cover b/c of asthma but need high back for occasional overshooting pee, how high is rear from floor (w/o lid)? THANKS!
Is the top easy to remove?
What is the true length of the box? I have exactly 24.5 inches to work with and am wondering if it's really 25 inches. thanks!
How deep is the bottom tray in the back?
I want to make sure the lid really is transparent since petco no longer carries this.
I have four cats, prefer to use liners, and change the box daily vs scooping. Has anyone tried using a liner? Concerned with the slope/rise at the back and fit of a liner. Jumbo's I use are 36x18. Thanks!
How high is the entrance from the ground (the little dip at the front)? I have a three-legged cat and she can't jump very high. Thanks!
I have a Lhasa (14"10"). I keep his hair shaved because skin issues, but it leave him cold. What size would be appropriate with no long hair? Size up?
I have a 9 lb. chihuahua with a neck size of 9" and a chest size of 13", but her back length from base of neck to tail is 17". What size do I need?
But what IS the material? I've read the sellers description and all the reviews and NOWHERE is the type of material mentioned.
My hairless dog weighs 16 lbs and measures 16 inches from neck to tail . What size do you recomend.
my dog weighs 9 lbs, measures 15.5 girth and 12 length. Are they cotton? What size should I get? In the past they have fallen off because they were too big even though the measurements were right for the size I got. Do they shrink?
I have 4 dogs. If I buy 2 sets, will all 4 collars have different frequencies? I don't want to shock an obedient dog by accident.
Can this be set to automatic mode or do you have to use the remote?
how long is the warranty ?
lost my charger anyone know where to get a replacement?
hi, I bought the necklaces but now one does not work, what can do?
Is it possible to completely disable the shock feature, so i can't use it by accident when all I want to do is make it vibrate?
Will it fit my 8 lb. Hot Dog
Is this unit waterproof?
how long does the charge last?
Will this also be effective for looking for scorpions?
Hi - does this find urine on hardwood floors?
Does it only work when in complete darkness?
Can this light detect old pooped-on places ? We've got no visible stains, but it still smells on humid days... :{
I've read that the blacklights do not detect older stains. Is this true?
Will it work outside, at night, to illuminate blood in tracking deer? My husband is colorblind and can not distinguish blood color from leaf color.
The seller contemplated including yellow glasses with this product according to one review response. Does it come with the glasses now?
While I hesitate to ask, I have been traveling for work for more than 20 years. The cleanliness of hotels has gone down. Does this light detect seamen stains or otherly body fluids?
what size batteries are required ?
Will this still work on carpet that has already been cleaned? Still getting odor after the fact and need to find the actual spots.
does it work on 220V ? or is there a tape of that ?
Where can I find parts (o-rings, gaskets, impeller)?
is it possible to run CO2 into the intake line with an atomizer for a planted tank? and is it appropriate for a 10G tank?
Does this canister filter come all ready to use? Has all the carbon and everything that go inide in it as well as the tubes that flow to the aquarium.
Anyone know what the GPH flow rate is on this? Thanks.
Its comes with a water pump?
The strainer doesnt fit on the intake pipe. It just falls off. Am I missing something?
To place this on the floor behind my stand, how much clearance would I need between stand and wall?
I have a 3# short hair Chihuahua. Can the Y.P. harness fit without being bulky?
Will this fit a 9 pound bishon frise?
Will this be appropriate for my dog if he doesn't pull?
my teacup Yorkie is 1.5 lb, will it fit?
does it fit a 4 pound dog
where on the neck do i measure? i have 2 dogs different sizes. sorry new at this! thx
I am looking for a harness that won't cause matting for my bichon. Would this harness work well?
my dogs neck is 16" exact and she weighs about 60 pounds. would a large adjust small enough for her neck or should i get a medium?
I have two puppies that are bloodhound, boxer and pit, one is 25# w/ 16in neck, the other is 22# w/ 13in neck. should I buy 2 M or L&amp;M?
Is there a way to prevent my dog from backing out of this harness? I do make sure it's tightened securely on his body, but he's gotten out of it.
what size for 16lb dog?
Is this easy to put on? Does the dog have to step into it each time?
Would this fit my 22lb Boston/Wired Hair Fox Terrier?
What's the largest size neck it will adjust to? We have a big dog!
how far can the transmitter work from?
Can You vibrate each dog individually
does this auto correct barking?
When the collar goes to sleep mode, how long does it take to turn back on? I'm trying to correct digging behavior.
These 2 look identical. Safe to assume paper distance of 330 yards??? http://goo.gl/fDgDZP
does this help wth leash training?
How well does the two dog aspect work?
Is there a warranty? I didn't see anything about it in the info.
Is this really waterprof or not ?.I have dogs that will just go and jump in a pond on the property but not come back (thus the need to correct). I
I have a I inch nylon collar with buckle. Will this fit the I inch collar?
How do I get you my information on what I want on it?
My dogs collar is 5/8" wide. Did I read in one of the customer questions that I could order a size medium for her and that would fit? Thank you.
What is the font name used, and the (smallest) font size used for 18 characters?
If it doesn't go on your dogs favorite collar, would it work if you slipped it on a piece of leather/nylon and attach to current collar?
Do these fit onto a leather collar 1" wide? Or is there a way to make it a little bigger to fit one?
would this slide over a standard cat tic and flea collar?
I just ordered a collar tag for my dog, but forgot to state the color. How do I contact you?
Do you have anything like this but smaller for a cat? I really like the design.
is it for cats?
Hi, I have a pug so just wondering what size to get her? She is approx 7kg, thanks
My Maltese is 3.5 lbs. What size should I order for him? Thank you.
My dog is roughly 5.6 lbs and normally wears a small or x-small. Im thinking about getting him a small...or should I get the medium? When his hair is in a puppy-cut he has extra room in shirts/sweaters but they get a little snug/tight when his hair...
My shih tzu is 9 lbs what size would be best there is no description for sizes
Hi, I have a maltese is about 2.5 lbs. What size should I order?
Would the small fit a mini dachshund?
What size would I order for a 7 lb maltese?
my dog is 2lbs what size should i get??
Can somebody tell me what size I need for my chihuahua?? :-)
Snow colapsed my top, and broke the round plastic piece that the metal supports fit in. May I buy replacement parts?
If the "Pavillion" Pet Gazebo Advantak, Gold is only 60 * 60 * 60, than what is the difference between this and the Advantek Pet Gazebo Outdoor Kennel which is also 60*60*60 and much less?
Product dimensions = 55 lbs. Why is the shipping weight 113 lbs? Also, can one attache shelving for cat perches?
I'm confused by the above answers. The "pavillion" states it is 90x90x90 and the picture seems to confirm that it is indeed larger than the gazebo.
description states 90x90x90, but Q&amp;A states 5'x5'x5', which is it
What are the dimensions of the Pavillion Gazebo by Advantek?
Description states "Broad Spectrum," I would suppose that to indicate that both flea and tick, nope. What does broad spectrum mean here?
How many capsules does it come with each box?
is this lufeneron?
I had trouble storing these pills in the humidity.. They became hard as a rock. Can I store in the refrigerator or are there better options to store.
I'm not sure what a fatty food is for dogs, can you give me an idea of what to feed the dog.
what kind of food should I mix this with and how much for this to work the best for my 17 lb fox terrer
If I buy 2 or 3 packages, how many total tablets will I receive?
Can this be used for dogs weighing 10-12 pounds?
We have a senior sanctuary with 8 dogs but live in a wooded area with tons of ticks this year. Will this product do anything for ticks? Thank you!
do you have any for smaller dogs? my dogs weigh 7 to 25lbs.
Do the rhinestones fall of easily?
What is the size for medium collar? My dogs neck is 18 inches
What is the width of the collar?
mydoghasaa16neckwhatshouldiordweintha...
Will this collar fit a small yorkie?
Who is the manufacturer? I noticed the review said the wire breaks easily and the wheels break off.
Would this be good for rats? What is the spacing between the wires?
Would this work for rabbits? Or are the spaces between the bars too big?
is this cage good for a guinea pig he is kinda large?
Is this any good for ferrets is the spacing alright
Would this be good for 2 rabbits?
do you sell the replacement foor trays for this playpen?
What is the space between the wires? I'm looking for a home for my rats, and it's probably to big, but since it doesn't specify I figured I'd ask.
All reviews good with exception of "moldy smell" foam on one review. Please let me know if anyone else experienced an odor.
Is the zipper on the long size or the short side?
Does this get hot in warm weather?
I have a 70 lb arthritic lab. Is this bed large enough for her?
Received mattress today. It's flat as a pancake. Only 1 inch thick. Anyone else have this problem?
Is there a way I can purchase extra covers for this bed? Mine ripped and I don't want to have to buy a whole new bed.
Is this bed made in the U.S.A..? My dogs shred beds made in China, because I think China uses all manner of stuffing, probably even animal fur.
One comment on Amazon made reference to the waterproof cover making some noise when moving on the bed. Have you noticed this? If so, how noisy is it?
Would a 75-80 lb dog sink to the floor or would the foam hold up well?
I'm looking for something to fit inside the 24"x36" crate and this is 4" too wide. Would this squish in, or would that damage or make it uncomfortabl?
Does this hammock have slits that can be used for a harness to protect our dog?
Why are all the photos of the dogs "photoshoped" in the pictures...look at the hair around the dogs, its cut off
Does this hammock have plastic pipes that help it not slip out of seat?
Is this washable ?
Will this work for a 105 lb. Alaskan Malamute?
I have a honda ridgeline truck will this fit the back seat?
is it reversible
Does the product have a strong odor? I jsut purchased another brand with pvc backing that has an overpowering odor and would like an alternative.
Is this really waterproof-say your pet peed on it, would it go through?
do the straps that go around the head rests have clasps?
Which of these fixtures would you recommend for a tank 38" long?
What is the maximum height that the bracket sits above the top of the tank? I want my light to be suspended 16" above the water.
any way to make these work on a 72" standard aqueon tank? 125gal
Hi.......... my tank is 29" long..What size do you recommend me ?.
Will this hanger fit on my Aqueon 40g breeder(edge measures at about 1/2 in and the tank itself is: 36.2" x 18.3" x 17") ?
what color does the urine show up as with the light on it?
any thoughts on how to fix the light (new batteries) installed but will not light up? Stop working less than 2 month old..
It would be great, if spec's on type of led bulb is given to determine, if indeed a true 365nm wavelength bulb.
Will this locate human urine stains also?
I don't understand. I looked at stains with Peedar and a traditional black light. Only the trad. light showed the stains. Why can you see and not me?
How many UV LED's does it have?
does this show stain on the hard wood floor
what color will the urine show up?
What UV protective glasses do you recommend? I've read up on some &amp; others say they aren't good for these type lights...?
Could this be used outside to find urine smell area on my artificial grass
Is just a replacement remote avaiable? Unfortunately my dog chewed it up, Thank you!
how do i get the collar to beep ?? it only vibrates on the beep mode
I purchased this unit in July of 2014, In December the rechargable battery in the collar failed. Can I purchase a replacement battery? Waranty?
Remote unit shows it is charging but it never charges? Worked great while it did work. Collar has never been wet or even been used during rain.
Where can I get a replacement collar/receiver. My dog lost it in the bush.
How waterproof? We take our lab to the beach and he's a swimmer
collar not working I have done everything the manual suggested but I cant get the green light to turn on it won't even beep. I think I need a replacement how do I get one?
Does the item have a warranty? Do you have to "rematch" the transmitter to the collars after it goes into sleep mode?
Will this collar work on a 195 lb dog?
I have bought 2 collars and the LED lights didn't work on either one when I bought it. Can't read what it is set on. NOT ANY NUMBERS SHOWS UP Why
How many fixture do you recommend for a 55 gal reef tank?
What type of corals can be grown with this lighting system?
Can this sit directly on acrylic cover.
do you get a remote with the 16 inch programmable and can you use the remote to program the light
could this work for a freshwater planted tank?
where do i get replacement led bulbs for this light fixture
Is there a tank mount bracket for these lights?
Will this create shimmer?
Why does the 16" Programmable have 55 LEDs but the 24" has 51? That makes no sense. I have a 55G bowed aquarium, which should I use?
I have a 50 g cube measuring 24x24x20. Will the one 16" work and does it come with a clamp to gooseneck above the tank
I have just received this item. The remote is not working. I am trying to find another use for it. Is it safe to use outside of water?
If I mount this to the upper portion of one of my aquarium walls, is the lights angle adjustable at all? My idea is to have it side mounted/angled dwn
Can it be used without the bubbler?
My main aquarium light died, is this bright enough to replace it?
My main aquarium light died, is this bright enough to replace it?
I have just received this item. The remote is not working. I am trying to find another use for it. Is it safe to use outside of water?
If I mount this to the upper portion of one of my aquarium walls, is the lights angle adjustable at all? My idea is to have it side mounted/angled dwn
Can it be used without the bubbler?
My main aquarium light died, is this bright enough to replace it?
My main aquarium light died, is this bright enough to replace it?
So this is pretty sturdy once you set it up? I have a black fold up one now that had a plastic crate, the issue was my puppy chewing the plastic.
I have a 77 pound 7 month old GSD pup, just making sure this cage isn't going to collapse on her if she moves around in the cage??
what is the metal gauge for the 48 inch crate?
Are these folding crates IATA approved, suitable for airline travel?
Will one bottle last me enough to cure it? I have an American Bully whos 5 months old.
How long does it take to get rid of these mites? My hair is shoulder length so how much would I have to buy?
How long should I leave the shampoo on for each time I bathe my dog?
Does this product really work? I have a 3 year old pug who just found out has mites, after 2 months of him scratching excessively
Can this shampoo be used on pet rats for treatmemt against fur mites?
Anyone have contact info for ordering parts as it broke in 2 weeks and need the gear that operates it.
Where can I order another peek a boo wand?
batteries work but does not move what do i do?
Does this toy contain any "cat knip"? I have a very small Yorkie who I think could benefit from a toy like this?
Does anyone know how to turn it off? It ran for a long time with out stopping. I have to take out the Batteries in order to turn it off.
If you can tell me it's battery operated, you can tell me the size and number of batteries I need. So GET ON THAT!!!!
what is the difference between the deluxe model and the standard one?
does this model have the lights too?
what kind of batteries does this use ?
This is the deluxe model?
Will you get these pads back in stock.
Can these be used in crate/playpen area but not to encourage puppy to pee! Will take puppy outside to wood chips, just as breeder.
How well do they work absorbing/eliminating odor?
Will these pads work with an Small Single Ugodog ??
Do you wrap the box when you send it? We need the box to be concealed
Do they leak?
What does "used" mean?
Do these pads have a slick backing that slides on tile floors?
Are these pads ANTIBACTERIAL?
Are the back side of these pads blue or white? Thanks
how big is it? diagonally?
Has anyone purchased recently to see if defects have been fixed? Thanks for any info as I have 3 cats that need some stimulation as 2 are 14 yo
Is this the original Undercover Mouse from TV, or a knockoff? There seems to be poor quality issues according to the Amazon reviews.
I can't get the batteries to work it for more than 3 min. Has any one else had that problem?
Is this the type with multi-speed?
Is it possible to get the top cap off once it's been locked on? Daughter put cap on without the fabric.
Is there a USB charger included on this one????? If not I'm sending it back!!!!
what kind of batteries does it use?
where can I buy an extra wand for it
Are the failures happening on carpet or hard floors?
does any of this product come from china previous recalls on treats all came from china
What are the ingredients?
My dog likes hard "crunchy" like jerky, would these jerky fall under this description? He hates soft treats. Thanks!
will it work with my original drinkwell fountain
So please someone tell me does this filter fit the steel Drinkwell 360 or not? One answer says it does, another says it does not.
does it fit 360 fountain
When the activated carbon that comes with this runs out, where do I get more? And, which kind of activated carbon/charcoal do I get? Thank you.
Will this filter work with the stainless steel Drinkwell 360?
And...how does it stay alive if it is in the garage? Won't the grass need sun?
Is this grass just for inside use or can it be left outside?
Do you ship to Canada?
Anyone tried it out for cats ?
How much water does this need? Its winter in Oregon, so its cool and moist now, but it won't get direct rain.
does it comes with a tray or a box to place on the base on the floor? does it absorves the urine or the urine goes through it?
Another question...did you all really pay $30 shipping?
Does this come in a tray or do I need to purchase this separately?
On DoggieLawns website it states that it comes with a box as well. Does this include the box and everything else it would normally have to be put in?
(1) Is the AC to DC transformer noisy? (2) Can I keep this pluged in all day? (3) Does it get too hot for the pet?
is it water proof? i am worried about my cat urinating on it
Does it automatically shuts OFF after been ON for a few hours?
how many watts
How long is the electrical cord?
What kind of power adapter is needed and where do I get one?
What's at the end of the cord? It doesn't look like a regular plug.
Will this Milliard Pet bed warmer work on 220 volts, or is it only for 110 volts like in the USA?
is this suitable for large tortoises in a kiddie pool (reptile bark not water.)?
Does this include the cover? If so, is it blue? Thanks!
how long is it
Is this Red? or Pink?
What is the width of the leash?
What type of clip does this leash have?
Can I get it in black?
what is the length
How Long is it?
Aside from the container, worms and worm chow there was a white pouch with something in it that looks like dirt. please advise? Thanks
Obviously, I can't feed 15 of 'em in a day so what do I feed them to keep them alive till then?
Do you need to add anything to the cup to keep them hydrated or is that already in their food?
My house temp is 62-65. Is that too cold for the worms to grow? Thanks!
Why do these worms look toxic?
People having larger reptiles need larger feeders than one inch. Why should we have to wait 2 wks. 4 them to grow to 4" ? Do they die after 2 wks?
Does the seller use tomato plants at any stage of their development 'cause I read here that makes 'em toxic to feed to reptiles. Any truth to that?
what if you want to raise the hookworms themselves? See I found a hookworms on my tomato plants last year and tried to raise it I want to try again.
what do they eat
Can my 1yr old Chinese water Dragon eats these or are they to big right now his is about 2ft long
I have a large dog. what size food will it despense and we have it outside in a house for her. will it work in that environment?
Is this the same as the Esky, , Q Pets, Top Pets, and Crestuff feeder? They all appear to be the same exact product with different logos?
Can it be used in an outdoor environment?
Can it plug into an adapter for a wall outlet?
How do I program this device ?? There is no manual included.
I lost my manual. How can I get a new one?
instructions to program
Can this be programed to put out SMALL amounts of cat food - less than 1/4 cup
Is this cat tree made in the USA?
DOES IT ARRIVE FULLY ASSEMBLED
Does the tower wobble easily when the cat jumps off? i have a 10 pound cat
Before I buy the Trixie Pilar Cat Tree, need to know how tall it is from floor to very top.
How tall is this?
What are the dimensions of the topmost bed piece?
How high is the middle perch? Isit big enough for a medium-sized cat to liesown?
Wha are the dimensions of the little room on the bottom?
What are the legs made of (under the sisal)? Is it wood or cardboard?
I have an older home with low windows. Can the Trixie Pilar cat tree be made 32" high from floor to top of highest seat ? Please consider manufacturing this same cat tree in a shorter height.
What are the dimensions?
Does anyone know the dimensions of the hole? Personality differences aside, do full sized, medium-large cats fit in it and utilize it frequently?
My cat is 12 lbs, and 17 " long, will she be able to fit in the cubby hole and curl up in it?
Is there a padded cushion in the bottom of the cubbie that is removable for cleaning?
Can someone please tell me how to get the hammock to stay on the top?
What are the dimensions of the hammock?
Does this product require assembly, and secondly, what is its height? Thanks!
Do the cats use the scratching posts, since they are a little high, didn't know if they would use it.
Is the cage too large for a canary?
does the divider come out?
Does the cage without the stand come with the 4 plastic connectors to stack 2 cages together?
Can 2 of these cages, without the stand, be stack on each other? I would like to get 2 and stack them but to put them on a table instead of a stand.
Are there slide up panels at the feed cups?
can you use this cage with out the stand.like set it on a dresser or table
Does stand come with Prevue FO75? If not, can you purchase separately?
Is the coating on this cage tough and durable?
Could each bird on either side reach the feet of the other to bite them or touch beaks in this cage if the birds were climbing on the divider?
Would two breeding green cheek conures fit in thus cage spaciously? Otr would it be too small?
Is the coating on this cage tough and durable?
can cockaiels be bred in these cages
hi is there any way to make the cage stand higher seems a little short
Anyone know if this is big enough to house one conure in each compartment?
Is the cage big enough to comfortably house a pair of lovebirds on one side each?
is the 37 1/2" total or per cage?
Wording was ambiguous in my last question; meant to ask if cage is big enough for two pairs of lovebirds, one pair each side?
hi is there any way to make the stand higher.seems a little short.thanks
If the divider is left out about what size is the gap on the inside of the cage? I am concerned that maybe a leg can get stuck in the gap.
Is this cage large enough for an Umbrella cockatoos? Thank you
I have an 80 lb English lab. What size will best fit him for the halti opti fit?
how adjustable is the collar is there growing room or not really
What size for a 45b Border Collie?
Can anyone explain how the Halti sizing works? What does snout "retracted" and "extended" mean?
Color options? not clear from the amazon page. have purchased before, and received a "blue, medium" on request.
I have a Belgian Tervuren very long narrow muscle but is 40 pounds and still growing at 18 months. What size should she have?
Has anyone bought one of these for an American bulldog?
I have an English Cocker Spaniel (27 lbs.) Should I get a small? After reading the reviews, the medium sounds like it will be too big.
How do I measure my dog so that I purchase the correct size?
Has anyone tried this on a Callahoula? Our dog is half Callahoula with the fatty neck will it work for him?
I have a cat that likes to "play" with the litter. How does this hold up to litter being thrown around? Will the litter be thrown all over the floor?
My cat is a very large kitty, he weighs 23 lbs. He is not fat just a really large cat. Do you think this is big enough for him?
How many years does the Biddy Cat Litter Box last? Is there a recommended timeframe for replacing your litter box due to stains?
what are dimensions of the box?
Are there any litter box liners that fit this box?
Is there a cover that will fit this cat box? Thank you
what is the size of this litter box?
Would this be good for a cat?
Many people have mentioned this 24" length for rabbits. What size or weight recommendations would be good guidelines for a dog?
How quickly do you ship? If I order today, is there a possibility it will arrive in Costa Mesa by Saturday (today is Monday)?
What is the spacing on the vertical wires? I foster small kittens and need the spacing to be narrow so they can't poke heads through and get caught.
Will the rabbits be able to chew on the cage and it not break?
are these the dimensions when set up?? Size: 23.5" Long x 16" Wide x 19.5" High.
Does this crate come with a divider?
Would this work for a 17lb. dog?
Would I be able to put a water bottle for my rabbit?'
What are the actual dimensions?
There is conflicting information in the Q&amp;A section regarding the dimensions. Can you please confirm?
the product dimensions state 17.5x21x29.5 but the above answers state 30x21x24. which is correct?
what is the width and length and height
Will it tolerate getting wet in the rain?
Are other pets, such as cats, affected by the pitch? Neighbor dogs are the problem and we don't want our own pet to be frightened.
How long does the battery last if the unit is left on? Can you buy an AC adapter for it?
If you've tried others, how does this compare to the similar Petsafe birdhouse or other ultrasonic bark deterrents?
Does this come with an adapter
What kind of batteries are needed?
I need to acquire something that will stop my neighbour's elderly Beagle from monotonous barking from before 7am until about midnight. Desperate!
Does the birdhouse have to point "toward" the dog? Or does the sound radiate all around?
Our neighbor has a dog that whines whenever she is outside. Will this work for whining and howling?
Will it work through a privacy (wooden) fence?
Do you know the calories for a typical duck strip?
Is the package resealable?Also is it brittle and dry?
Are these duck treats made in China?
are the ducks born and raised in the USA or not? 'Made in USA' means nothing for dog treats...
how many in the $39 pack?
Product description no longer says Made in USA. Have you by any chance started sourcing from other countries, e.g. China?
I see the jerky is made in the USA, but is the duck from the USA?
Regardless of where the duck is processed, where was it raised?
We only want to secure one side of our property. Do we have to make a loop with the fence?
How do you recomend getting the wire under an asphalt driveway?
How large does this collar expand - packaging says 5# plus; we have a lab mix, she will be 75-100#; will this system be large enough to contain her
What is the twisted wire used for?
Hi! I am looking to get about 1600 feet of the perimeter wire. Is it possible to alter this package to get a larger spool?
I have a chain linked fence, but our dog has figured out he can dig under it. Can I weave the wire through the fence, say 6 - 10 inches off the ground away from the mower and weed whacker?
Is there a stubborn dog collar for this fence? Done all the training, worked great for 2 weeks, he just walks thru it now doesn't even bother him.
I lost my power cord/ac adapter when I was moving. What voltage power cord do I need to get? Can someone please look at theirs and tell me.
I am looking for a good dog fence for my golden retreiver - he is about 105lbs and has really long hair for a golden - do we need a different collar?
Do you recommend a specific tool to assist in digging into the ground ?
Is the "dispenser" refillable? I purchased one previously (fire hydrant) that can't be refilled.
Do they have a plastic core?
is it one bag of 50 rolls
Are these biodegradable?
Does this have where you put a pad?
What are the waist measurements for the various sizes?
Our 12 lb min-pin/fox terrier has a knack for sliding out of his dog diapers. Will this hold in place for a Houdini dog?
Where do you measure?
What do you wash these in to get rid of doggy pee odor? I have tried lots of detergents but no luck yet.
What is the best size for a 32 lb pug
what size for a 14inch to 16inch 14lbs
Will this fit a mini schnauzer?
any one try this on a 7 to 10 lbs chihuahua?
I have a daschund and his barrel chest is hard to accommodate; he weights 12 lbs, but wonder if a small might be better,.
Do you have to add padding or something to these? or do you just put them on your doggie and they stop the accedents?
What size dog do the xsmall fit
What size for a 16" waist
What color is the band?
What size can you recommend for a 6 pound chihuahua?
I have a TINY 3 pound poodle who HIKES at every step, do you think these would fit him securely as this Xsmall is the smallest they have? Thanks
Does x-small fits toy poodles
How wide is the belly area on this wrap? I have a teeny tiny Yorkie pup who needs this. TY.
What size dog do these fit
What should the dog's weight be for this product?
How is it put on?
Do these work for Poop too?
What is the smallest portion you can program this feeder to feed at one time?
Is there a way to turn off or turn down the volume of the recording that plays when the food is dispensed?
Can you tell me what the smallest portion is in terms of tablespoons or cups?
Any chance of getting inside measure?
is this the same as http://www.amazon.com/Sofantex-Line-M...
Is the inside material removable for washing and if so presumably it has a zipper
Would this be big enough for a 40lb Beagle?
how much do the dog support to weigh for this bed.
Fits what size dog
I noticed several beds destroyed by the washer and dryer. Has anyone actually had any success.!
Do you have to disassemble the bed in order to launder it or can you toss the entire bed into the washer?
Has anyone washed this bed more than a couple times, and what is the result? Does it hold up to washing?
How big are these mealworms? I have bought from other vendors that claimed their mealworms were large and they arrived the same size as the small mealworms from petco.
Does these worms comes with box and bedding inside ?
Does these worms comes with box ?
is the small carrier okay for a chinchilla
Some airlines have very strict measurements, aside from the generally-approved dimensions. So what is the sizing of the small bag?
Can anyone tell me what the weight limit is for the Small size? Looking for a 15# mini Dachshund. Dont need the added height.
can i use this on jet blue airlines, is it too small for a 15lb dog cha.&amp;peek mixed
I have a cat that is about 10 pounds, would she fit in the small? This is just for visits to vet, not plane rides
Does this fold flat for storage in my suitcase? - I will only be transporting a pet on the way home.
Please send the exact dimensions . American Airlines requires dimensions 7.5 Hx12x17 or less.
what are the dimensions and recommended maximum pet weight for both sizes of carrier?
What are the dimensions of this item?
Has anyone used this as a pet carry-on on Frontier? Their dimensions are 14w x 18l x 8h - so this appears too tall for under the seat??
How would the small size work for a mini dachshund? she is baby now; her anticipated full growth weight is 8-9 lbs
Does this carrier also have a top zipper?
I would like to order this. But, I need size for small carrier. Long, Wide, H. Could you please let me know this L, W, L size? Pl Send me e-mail at mskeikoballet@hotmail.com
Would this work for guinea pigs? Is there anything besides the tag they could chew inside the carrier? Thanks!
Can you fly southwest with this carrier?
I have a cat who is approximately 16 lbs. what size should I go for?
Hello I wanted to know is this water proof will her urain leak threw?
Which size should I pick for my 12 lbs. dog she a miniature Schanuzer should I pick a small or a large?
Will this work for my miniature Schnauzer when me and her go to Las Vegas we are going on a plane will it work for under the plane seats?
I have a miniature dachshund....will this carrier be long enough ?
Does this item has a leash strap?
how many pound is smallcarrier hold
How well does this carrier perform when used on an airline? Does it fit under the seat? Worried about the height of it fitting under the airline seat.
is this mesh? all over? at the bottom? or none at all?
What are the dimensions of the small version?
What are the dimensions of both sizes?
What are the dimensions of the large carrier?
What are the dimensions?
Can the large one fit under the seat of a plane?
IS THIS LEAK PROOF?
Is it fairly simple to get a struggling 12 pound cat into the carrier and get the carrier zipped up? Lack of top loading feature is my concern.
Has anyone taken this carrier on a flight? What size did you get and was it able to fit under the seat?
how much does it weigh
What material is the carrier made of? It looks plastic which wold be a concern for me.
good for cats?
my dog is 11-12 pound Shih Tzu , will the large bag work for her and is the bag FAA approved
Does anybody know how long is it
What are the dimensions of the carrier?
Will an adult pominese dog fit in this carrier?
I have a pretty good size black cat that is about twenty pounds, would this carrier hold his weight is the product well made to last, and washable?
does top squish down?
I have a 6 yr old female himmie, 8-10 pounds. I am looking at 3 day car travel. What do you think?
I am getting a pomeranian puppy, full grown he will be between 5-7 lbs. Would you suggest getting the small or large size for him?
will carrier smash down to fit under set of 8.5 inches that is the seat hight on SW air
Is this the large size big enough for two Holland lop bunnies?
I have to travel with a 16lb minature schnauzer, do you think this would work? Airline requires for it to only be 10in height.
Is it approved for travel on american airlines flights? AA specifies 19" long x 13" wide x 9" high but this one is a taller than that (the large size)
Will a 20 lb Bichon mix fit into the large? Is the large carrier FAA airline approved?
also, what size should I get for a cat?
What are the dimensions? Also, does this have all of the same features as the Bergan it is imitating? I would love to save some money.
I see that a couple of people have asked for the dimensions. Does anybody know them? My dog is 12" at shoulder but only 5 pounds. Help, please.
Is it waterproof? I usually walk to the Vet and it's a few blocks away.
Does anyone know if this is approved by US AIRWAYS??
My cat urinated while in the carrier, and I tried to wash the furry pad in the washer and it sort of disentegrated. Do you sell replacements?
does it open at the top
These carriers are 11.5 or 13" (h). Most airlines list a max height of generally 8-9". How can this be an FAA approved carrier.
How many spots does it's has air holes at ?
Are the zippers such cat can push out. My current one has zippers and Velcro and I can't use it because he gets out every time.
I have 2 dachshunds one is 11 lbs the other is 15 llbs. Will the both fit in one or should I buy 2.
Can you give me an example of what breeds fit each size, please?
I have a bichon frise (who is usually a small or medium) but it seems from your size chart he may be a large or XL...is that possible?
Do the pants seperate from the jacket or is it one piece? A
Is it made in China?
How loud/quiet is this Trimmer? Vibrate your socks off loud or quiet as a mouse?
Will this work well enough for a "lion cut" on a Himalayan?
Can I use it for my Persian cats?
Hi.Can this clipper does a full body clipping for a dog or is it just for trimming ? Thank you.
Which is better for thick/dense coat 1/2" cut - Wahl Motion or Andis Ultraedge 2 speed?
Hi, My charger got bitten by dog! Can Someone please let me know, where can I get a replacement charger? Thank so much!
My poodle has very thick, curly hair.Trimming her the thick hair gets caught in the teeth and I start over. Will this work on her.
which blade should I order for this clipper to use as a backup or extra blade?
Are there multiple speeds on this?
hi,I am looking to buy a cord/cordless pet clipper and wondered which is better between Wahl Motion Lithium or Wahl Bravura Lithium?Please help.
Are these clippers okay for horses?
When the motion toy is caught, does it make a click-click-click sound or is it quiet?
Can you use rechargeable AAA batteries in the SmartyKat toy? Or, is there is warning not to use rechargeables?
Do you have replacements parts for SmartyKat HotPursuit? My cat has removed all the feathers, from hers LOL
What type of batteries does it take?
What size screws does the battery compartment take? The threads are striped after opening them just once!
Is the battery cover screwed in? Or does it have a flap to pull the cover open (so no screw an no screwdriver needed)?
My cat jumps on the wand long enough for the safety feature that turns off the motor kicks in. He can't play with it more than a minute. Any help?
Are the feathers real or synthetic?
Anyone have any luck finding replacement wands? The ones I ordered from here don't fit the hot pursuit model.
Does this just go in a straight line, or does it bump into something and turn around?
do cats like it?
is 1 lickies flavor better than another flavor, what flavor do dogs like the best
does kit work for cats?
One reviewer said they did not like the ingredients in this product, I am also particular since my dog has many allergies. What are the ingredients?
Is it OK for a dog to use this product in addition to toothbrushing and breath/plaque preventatives added to water?
Where may I view a complete list of ingredients?
Will orapup help with gum disease and tooth decay?
My dog hated it, would barely touch the tip of her tongue to it, even when I smeared it with her favorite peanut butter. Suggestions?
How big is the brush? What are the dimensions of the brush, not including the handle? I have a Great Dane and he has a very big, long tongue.
I ordered this several months ago and did not use it. I opened it yesterday....it was fully sealed. It was a dark brown &amp; thick. Is that normal?
does this require AC power? There is the option of a backup battery, but can that be used as the primary power source, and if so, it lasts how long?
Can this petdoor be installed via a wall?
hi, i am coming to chicago in two weeks, i would like you to post the package to my hotel, do you know ho i can from an uk amazon site? many thanks
Can this be programmed to open based on a RFID implanted microchip? I have a dog and cat and my cat will not wear a collar.
Does this petdoor come fully equipped to install in an exterior wall? All I have to do is cut a hole in the wall.
Does it work well with PetSafe Stay &amp; Play containment (electronic fence) system? Or do pets react to it as electronic fence and stay away?
How many Passport Keys come with this item?
does it come with 2 flaps
What is the size please.....width and height ?
Mine has 7 holes and straight strip but the size is confusing. This one is 15x23.5 but mine is 15x20. is this the right one
This should be the set we need but it shows 7 holes in the top and our unit only has 6. Any have these and know what is actual there?
does your door have a metal strip at the bottom and six holes on the top
What is the max length of the part that wraps around a stationary object? How big of an object will it go around?
I have a 13 lb poodle mix, would this work for him?
I see criticism online that you can cut the leash with clippers. Meaning, how big would the clippers have to be - would a casual thief get away w/it?
Can a golden retriever lie down comfortably on a sidewalk with this on him? We have a similar, non-locking leash that is 8' and that seems better...
Is the leash 4 feet long from locking mechanism to locking mechanism? Or does it include the parts that wrap around the dog and an object?
Can you do this in a larger size, perhaps 8x8 or 10x10
I'm trying to order this rock and I do NOT see where I put in the personalization - can you help me? I cannot see the 'contact seller' part you menti
How big is the stone?
I am interested in ordering two but don't see where to attach the customized information we want with our order. How do we do that?
I like the heart and paw graphic in illustration. Do you have a kitty silhouette or other kitty icon?
Can I get the birth year and the death year ex. 2000 - 2014??? Also this is an actual river rock (not plastic) and it is engraved not printed correct?
How do I contact the seller to get the stone personalized?
Where the contact seller button is. I would like to purchase a personalized stone but find no where to add the personalization
How do I contact seller to place a custom order?
What is the difference with the product with MSN other than the obvious. Is one better than the other?
Expiration date, please? Asking seller, not customers. TY
what is the expiration date on the side of the 250 tablet container
What are the exact dimensions on the X-Large Mat?
Has anyone had any issues with cat pee on this mat? Not sure if mine is defective, it's just not waterproof like it says it's supposed to be.
Is this Mat 3.4 inches tall, as stated?
What are the dimensions? 27 x 3.4 x 3.4 inches can't be right.
What is the color of this mat? It doesn't state in the description.
is the canvas material heavy duty?
How do you open the mesh on the front of the stroller and when it is opened, what do you do with it?
I need interior measurement &amp; folded down measurements! Thanks
Does this pet jogger have rubber tires and not hard plastic?
Does this pet stroller have rubber tires?
What is the Smart-Reach handle? Does this mean the handle telescopes out for different heights?
do you sell the rain cover for this stroller
Can you buy extra panels without having to buy a second pen?
How long and wide is the door?
Is it sturdy without the stakes? I would like to place my on hardscape area.
How wide is the octagon configuration?
How high is the section below the gate?
Could you use this inside? My pups are jumping out of the 30" pen...but I need one that won't damage floors.
can it be enlarged by connecting an additional pen?
anyone know where this is manufactured?
Do dogs like the taste?
how much glucosamnine, chondrotin and msm in each tab?
do you have this med for smaller dogs? i have a 23lbs weiner dog...yes i know-part of the problem!! thanks!
My old dog is 48 pounds. Do you make this same product for dogs under 50 pounds?
does this come in a larger qty package
Question to the manufacturers: This formula contains avocado, a known toxin for dogs. Why is avocado used in this formula?
What does EPI certified mean?
Are these bags scented? (I don't like scented bags)
how thick?
Are they smelly after they are tied shut?
What is the size of the box the roll comes in?
How transparent are the bags?
are these biodegradeable? thanks
What are the dimensions of each bag? Thank you.
Please advise if these are CENTER PULL bags? We raise Leader Dogs for the Blind puppies, and go EVERYWHERE with them, so we always have one in pocket
What is the power source? Will 4 AA batteries work?
Has anyone found a source for 3/16" (0.19") outside diameter silicone tubing?
Will water flow through the pump if it is below the water level when it is turned off?
I bought five of these and the first one i've tested the drive shaft spins without the internal rollers. Is it a defective pump, or is there a fix?
" pump tube size(IDxOD) :2.5*4.7mm " is in the description. is that the dimensions of the small white pieces coming off of the pump? or tube we buy?
what is the material of the tubing?Is it Tygon tubing?
How is the flow rate controlled?
I want to change the tubing into Polyethylene tubing (Tygon Tubing). However the diameter of the pipe may be to small.
can I change the pipe? What is the diameter of the pipe?
will this fit a bubble magus dosing pump?
What size bed would I need for a 60 lb German Shepherd? Is this bed intended primarily for senior dogs? (He is only 2)
How well does it stand up to 'rooting' dogs?
My Newfie is 180 lbs...... ?? Please tell me he will fit!!
is the cover washable?
what size bed do I need for a 100lb. boxer?
Does the cover on the bed feel like plastic? Is it soft? How well do you think it will stand up to chewing?
How durable is this bed for a dog who likes to unzip and pull the stuffing out?
Can the waterproof inner cover be removed ??
may i buy just the cover?
Can I get the XX Large size with a denim cover?
can you apply to cat?
How long do they last? We are planning to drive our cat to Florida and she hates the car so we are dreading it. It will be at least 2 long days in the
How many wipes will it take to effectively wipe down the interior of a cat carrier? Would using the spray be a better option for this?
Will it calm an old cat in a new environment?
All I see is how great this is for travelling, but what about scratching? Has anyone used them to prevent unwanted scratching on furniture?
two issues: what will work for anxiety over clipping claws? what will work for anxiety and peeing out of box? using puppy pads smell is horrific too
What do you wipe it on? Can it be used of upholstered furniture or on wood based furniture such as tables or chairs or cats furniture.
Exactly how do you use Feliway wipes?
According to Deep Blue's catalog the small statue is 7.25" tall and the LARGE is about 14" tall. Are you sure this is the one that's 14"?
is the back of the statue hollowed out? or does is it a full design on the backside?
What are the dimensions of this statue? (Deep Blue Poseidon Statue Decoration SMALL)
How does the top stay up. I have one and the top flops down flat. Is there another piece that I need like a spring or bent dowl?
I am wondering if this will fit a Fat Jack Russell..
Will a 24 lb Corgi Cross fit in?
Will this fit a 15lb Italian Greyhound?
I currently have a cave bed that looks just like this one and my dogs loves it. But it is wearing out and needs to be replaced. The one I currently have, has a zipper in the top cover and it came with a plastic pole that slides in to hold the top up....
how much do the dog support to weigh for this bed.
Does this work well for a cat too?
Can you machine wash this?
will my 26 lb Boston Terrier fit?
Can you toss the whole thing into the washing machine? I want to buy two -- one for each of my burrowing MinPins!
What is the shelf life of 40 grams brine shrimp eggs
If I dump these in my 46g reef, would they hatch?
how long until they hatch?
i want to get freshwater pipefish and i need to know how long this many eggs will last if i use 1 tablespoon a day.and how long do they take to hatch.
Are these just the eggs without anything else added? I need to do hydration tests for different waters and do want anything else added.
are they freash water
My dog is bout 35 in. neck to butt. will it fit?
Is this coat waterproof?
What size would be good for my 8lb. Yorkie she measures ap 13-14" long and has a 15" chest
I have a cocker spaniel who is 43 lbs, should I get the lg or X-lg?
My dog wears a harness, does the coat have a slit in the back to allow for wearing a harness? Thank you
Does it velcro around the belly and neck?
The heading says Large, but the description says Specify size. Do yo have a Medium? 18 inch dog.
What is the length of the back?
Do we measure from the bottom of the neck to the beginning of the tail?
What are the dimensions of the large coat?
I'm trying to figure out if this product will allow me to switch to moonlight at a certain hour, then turn off , then full sunlight via ramping? Thanks!
i know this is dusk to dawn , but can it be used, say with red to fade in dusk to dawn , thanks
My LED light flickering as it transitions.. Could it be the ramp timer? And of course I cant find the instruction manual to the timer
So if I buy two Current LED PLUS and one ramp control . YOu can hook both up to it or do I need two of these ramp swicthes?
Does this work on the Satellite LED fixture?
I have the "Finnex FugeRay Planted+ Aquarium LED Light Plus Moonlights" fixture for my 29G aquarium. Will the timer work on this LED fixture?
will this work with a Aqueon&Acirc;&reg; T8 Full Spectrum Daylight Fluorescent Aquarium Lamp
I have the Aqueon 13 gallon Widescreen aquarium with LEDs in the hood. Will this device work with my lighting?
Does this have an override switch? If the lights are off, but i want to use the moonlights, is there a switch to turn the power back on temporarily?
Would this work with a marineland double bright led light?
What is the width of the leash? Usually it's 1/2 inch to 1 inch, but I can't find anything that indicates the width.
what is the material that is in the padded handles? Or better yet, what is the material that will be touching my hand as I grip it?
How long is this leash?
It says the swivel snap can be easily replaced, does that mean you can out your own (more sturdy) clasp on?
is it fully warannted for one year
Up to what sized food will this work with? Can you set feed quantities per feeding, and if so what are they?
Where can you get the DC supply?
what kind of batteries does it take?
What is the filter media? Holw often do you need to clean/replace the filter?
it has a Adjustable Flow Rate?
On/Off switch for the UV? Purchased and UV does not operate. I do not see any information about a switch in the enclosed literature?
What is your warranty or guarantee?
How many watts does the entire pump use?
does it come with sponge or filter pads? Is it quiet? Similar to sunsun canaister
How easy is it to clean (maintain)? I looked for a manual online but didn&acirc;&#128;&#153;t find anything. Would you give just a basic overview?
Where do I buy the filters for this canister?
Mine did not come with a UV Light. Is that only on other models or is it just missing from my order?
Does this come with all the in the aquarium tubing, intake pipe, etc to hook it up? I saw the other post about it but wanted to be clear.
how tall is the canister?
what parts do i need to buy today to since not all are included?
can this be used amongst young fries
i have a 54g, has water &amp; bubble features in it, no filtration system yet. Water is now slightly cloudy. Do i need UV or will this canister help?
Does this canister have a light that indicates its on &amp; running?
Does this come with a pump built in or do I have to buy a separate pump?
What else do i need to purchase before I can use this? Or does it include everything I need?
What size salt water aquarium can this lamp handle in gallons
Is there a handle to extend so that you can roll this without bending over?
I have a 13lbs small maltipoo dog will that be comfortable for him.
Are there breaks on the wheels?
Can you list what the width is? The height and length are listed, but not the width. Thank you.
ive got a 55 gal planted and would like to add red plants.how many fixtures should i get
I have a 75Gal tank and was wondering if 1 is enough for easy-moderate corals and also if it covers the whole tank with light?
Hello, do you think this is good to aquarium that have 200cm x 60cm x 60 cm ? ( aquarium of plant )
How far has everyone hung them above the tank? It didn't come with instructions.
what is the size of the fixture, I can't find the specs with its size or weight
will this work for a 12 x 12 x 24" tank with live coral?
the title says 165watts but the description says 120w. which is correct?
Does this come with splash guard
What is the light degree angle of distribution on these lights? I want to install tempered glass to block the water and mount a few inches from water
Is it possible to get the Full Spectrum model with only blue and white LEDs?
Will this fit the Pioneer Pet Water Fountain?
what size is the outlet?
Does it have a water control feature?
HOW BIG IS IT?
Does this tunnel make a "crinkly" sound?
Hi everyone, I just purchased this and I need your advice. What did you do to keep it from rolling all over the place + how to support soft center
My cats are loving it but the tunnel keeps moving, center keeps collapsing. Any advice?
would the leash hold my 6Olb dog on a walk , he does pull a lot.
how long is the leash?
What is the weight limit for the leash?
Does this test give you a scale ? such as how bad the infection is or just yes or no ? thanks
How many test per kit?
The description says this is 10 tests/kit, is this correct?
Is this for cat's as well?
We have a 25 lb Terrier/Chihuahua. What size bowl would you recommend to challenge him the most?
Where is it made?
Could my cat use this for her dry kibble? I'm thinking they could use their paws to pull the kibble out and/or through the maze as an interactive game
I have a 18 lb mini aussie who eats predominantly wet food. Which bowl would be best?
Good for a 145 pound English Mastiff?
Do these bowls have a skid-proof bottom?
Can these bowls be used for wet dog food?
would this be suitable for a pug? Wanted to ask as I'm not sure if the short nose might be a problem?
Are these bowls difficult to clean?
Could This bowl be used for water? My pup eats at a good pace but drinks too fast causing him to throw up most times...
How many cups of food does this bowl hold?
Will this work for a dog with a flat snout, i.e. bulldog/boxer?
Could this bowl work for a cat?
Would this be too big for a 6 month/11 lbs puppy? She's a beagle/dachsund mix whose body is built more like a Dachsund.
I have two Havanese puppies who are currently 4.5 and 5.5 pounds - would these slo-bowls be too large for them to use?
Which style is the "hardest"?
Are these diswasher safe?
Does it work with a mix of wet and dry food, or is it just for dry food?
Can wet food be used in it, I mix my food kibble and canned
have this bowl and do not want ithowdo i remove it?
I only see "large" sized, is that the only size and if not how do I know what size to get and where to get various sizes?
Do different colors/styles increase the "difficulty"? My dog needs something the will separate the food the most.
Would this bowl work for wet food?
I definitely want to try one of these bowls for my 6 year old Cocker spaniel mix rescue. My question is how to choose among the different designs?
My dog tends to chew on everything, including food bowls. I really like the idea of this but would it be a mistake to purchase since it's plastic?
Is it made in china?
About how much food does this hold? My 5 month old great dane is already eating almost 3 cups 2x/day.
I have two 5 lb Yorkies they dont eat much but the food is gone in seconds. Is this bowl too big for them?
will this sit on top of a raised feeder? or on top of a conventional food bowl? it would be for a pit and she does not eat off the floor due to bloat concerns thank you
Is this a good product for pugs (short snout)? If so, what size should I get?
What volume food does the coral bowl hold?
Negative review below about small dog. Anyone have experience with small dog? Is there product size other than "Large, Grey"
Does it work well with larger sized kibble? I have an English Bulldog and her food is large to help encourage her to chew it.
my female boxer is small at 36 lbs and is 4 y/o so she won't get bigger. does anyone have a dog approximately the same size for this bed?
Is this a sturdy bed, does it hold up well over time and does it wash well?
would my 35 lb dog fit in this bed?
Does this have a cushion? or is it one piece?
The Product Dimensions: Says 13.2 x 13 x 8 inches. Is the 13 x 13 the sleeping space or the entire item? Can someone please answer this?
What is the bottom of this bed made of? Hoping it is not the black polyester mesh that they seem all have.
What are the measurements of the bed? Is it 25" across? I'm wondering if it would fit a cocker spaniel.
What are the dimensions of this bed? Thank You. Linda
How does this fasten in the cargo area of an SUV?
Can I use this in the front seat? What size for a 65 pound Bassett mix?
How long are the straps that go from the hooks in the back seat to the harness? Long enough to reach up on a booster seat? 19 lb dog.
Will the seatbelt still lock in place and restrict her movement? She goes nuts when the belt restricts her movement right now.
Does anyone consider the buckles to be harder to squeeze than other standard restraint harnesses? I would find that a challenge
Can this be used in the passenger seat of a sedan or only in the backseat?
Can my dog lay down while wearing this?
Can the dog lie down with the harness on?
Does the pump come with the light sensor?
Do they only create waves or do they also oxygen the water?
Do you think this is too powerful for my RSM 34gall cube? I have a WP10 in it now and I like it but even at highest setting I get oil slick on top.
does your light sensor work through the night? mine seems to work on and off through the night...
I have a 6ft 125 gallon salt water reef tank - would the WP-25 be the best one to use?
Which wavemaker do you recommend for a 72 gallon bowfront reef tank?
I have a 90 gallon tank 18" w x 24" h x 48" L will this be to strong for my tank?
can you run two pumps with this controller ? like maybe plug in a extension cord with two plug-ins on the end ?
Can the controller on this WP-25 be used to run a WP-10?
is the pump 220 220volt?
what are the exact dimensionsfboth shelves and can they be safely installed in drywall and can you reverse the large self so wider part is on right?
What are the exact dimensions of these shelves?
Are these shelves made of wood or plastic?
Could these be attached to an interior door?
How many bones are in the 27oz (Large bone size) Blue Bones Bag?
are any of the ingredients from China?
I have 3 Shelites ranging in size from 30 to 40 lbs is it ok to give them the large instead of the medium bones as they seems to go through the medium
what is the protein % per serving?
How long does each bone last for say an 80 lb lab who seems to be a pro chewer?
Is this price still for two bags?
How many are in the 27oz Large Dental Chew bag?
Is it easily cleaned if a pet gets car sick?
What are the mesurements? Length. Height. Width.
No one really talks about their pets size and it is difficult to tell by pictures just how roomy this thing is. 2 Maltipoos in one carrier?
Where is this product made?
How can I do to just set 2 times. How to deactivate the 3 others ? set 3:00 ; 4:00 ; 5:00 or 3:24 ; 4:24 ; 5:24 ?
What size of food will work? I've had issues with other machines where the kibble was too big and would not go through.
Is this product made in the USA?
They say "eco-friendly", but not biodegradable. Are they biodegradable? What does "eco-friendly" mean?
Do they have tie handles?
How heavy is the "rose" scent?
Why aren't these bags 'compostable'? Biodegradable doesn't mean they fully break down at all. The only compostable bags I can find are at Target.
Are these biodegradable by California standards?
Don't I get a dispenser with the bags?
Since the bag dispenser is pictured with bags, is it included? I did NOT see where you could purchase separately?
What is the size of the bags?
What makes these bags Eco-Friendly?
can you have only vibration OR shock turned on or does it always vibrate then shock?
I cannot find the app on google play and anything I do find for it that says for android wont install on my s3
will this work with my Iphone 4 ?
Can I control one collar from 2 separate phones? My husband and I are home at different times and would need to set up on both of our iPhones.
will it work with a motorola droid razor M?
Does it work with the ipad mini?
Can you use this as a bark collar at night without controlling it with your cellphone?
I have a droid ultra with android 4.4 will the Collar work what's that
How many collars can you control on your smart phone at a time? I have 3 dogs and would like to use 3 collars at once.
Is the app supported on Android systems
Approximately how many surfaces (beds, pieces of furniture, pants, etc.) before you have to wash them?
How would you rate these compared to the yellow "sponge" thing?
Has anyone used these to swipe pet hair off of clothing? Or are they just for furniture and grabbing big dust bunnies from corners?
Do these gloves have the "Velcro" patches on the inside tips of the fingers and the palm?
Does this product work on removing short dog hair?
What's the actual sizes of regular swipets gloves and LARGE ones? including middle finger length? (I have big women hands)
Interested to buy one for my Maltese. What is the inside dimension for the medium size ? Cam
Would my 50 pound medium size Labradoodle fit on this bed...? Or would the large size bed be better...?
How would this bed fit my French Bulldog? Would I be better off getting a small?
The bolster does not look tall enough for the dog to snuggle their back against it, is that right or does the dog sink in a bit more that the picture?
If my dog pee or vomit in the bed, can the bed be washed ?
Does the zipper cover over the mattress itself stay on when you insert it into the bed or does it need to be removed first?
What are the bed's dimensions?
What is the sleeping dimensions of the bed and how thick is the pad the dog actually sleeps on?
How do you change the filter?
Does the filter running in the tank create oxygen for the fish, or do I need to buy a separate bubbler?
is the lighting on the hood of this aquariam led
What size light does the tank use? Is the light a universal size? I would like to get Glofish and would need a blue led light or black light.
Is there a way to totally remove the cover of this tank?
What are the dimensions of the aquarium?
How do you set up this undergravel filter ?
If my cat barfs on this thing, can you explain clean up process? I assume I'd have to fully wash it (you would be able to just wipe it up).
Just how big are the holes? I use the CatGenie box which uses washable granules that are bigger than clumping litter grains.
how do you wash urine from this mat?
Will my cat use this mat as a scratcher?
Does this work well with clump litter?
Does this work well with long haired cats and clumping litter?
Is it waterproof?
Does the material smell rubbery chemical?
Does it work well with feline pine wood pellet litter?
If my cat pees on this by accident, will the urine do through to the floor or is it waterproof and would protect the floor?
Can you control which dog you correcting idividually
how do you know which dog is being corrected?
Battery type and life?
Would it fit a 10.5 lbs yorkie?
Would a small dog such as a Dachshund be able to this?
Does anyone know about the warranty on the product?
Our dog is 135 lbs. Will this collar work for him?
We have two 15 pound Carin Terriers, we just want to be sure that each dog can be corrected individualy
Description said it will reach 300 m....approximately how far is that in yards? And can you give a beep signal before the shock with this unit?
Will the Dual Scan model be better at keeping out racoons than the regular model since it locks in both directions?
For an outside wall, is there an additional compatible flap available (not chip enabled), to have a flap on each side of the wall (weather-proofing)?
Does this prevent "tailgating"? Meaning, can a cat follow another cat through the door?
can it be completely unlocked so a cat can come and go without a chip or RFID collar ?
Can this be installed in an outer wall?
want to know how big of cat can fit through this model?There is no sz. given for the interior dem.Do they have diff. sz. models?
does dualscan keep raccoons out
Can this flap read the microchip if my cat's microchip has migrated down from his neck to his shoulder or even lower?
Why can't I find outside dimensions ?? I need them to see if it fits.
Will aquatic turtles eat these snails? What if I raise them separately and only add adults to the turtle tank? What temperature for the water? Thanks!
Do I need to put a heater in aquarium for snails
Do they need a lot of light?
Will they kill other snails?
Will they breed? Are they asexual or do you need a male and a female to breed?
Is a 3 gallon tank too small? And they're okay with Telescope Goldfish or Bubble Eye Goldfish?
I have a red devil cichlid in my tank.Will he bother the snail
Are they just algae eaters or will will eat uneaten food at the bottom of the tank?
Do these particular snails have the habit of escaping the tank? If so, can you recommend a type that doesn't?
Can these be placed in the tank in the size they arrive with the electric blue crayfish? If not, once they grow?
Is inches as good as 7 inches for an older arthritic dog? Big Barker is 7" and twice the price.
Anyone have an opinion on denim vs. microsuede?
I want to purchase this bed, but am wondering if it's possible to pay for additional cover for in between washing.
Why does this bed cost half the price of Big Barker bed when the descriptions are the same?
Which is better: memory foam OR memory gel foam? For a 12 year golden with hip dysplasia.
Do I have to buy the duvet cover separately? It is not clear form I am reading.
I have a good sized senior male Akita. Would XL be adequately large enough?
Hello, would you please provide the shipping dimensions for product ASIN B00GBC1WZ8?
does it have a non slip bottom?
Is this extra-large dog bed big enough for an 85-pound lab?
Would I benefit to buy this bed now for a new lab puppy or is it primarily for older dogs with orthopedic problems
Is the cover really water proof? Does it crack over time?
For anyone who has had this bed for almost a year or more, how have they held up?
Does this bed get hot? My Husky moves around for cool spot to lie down in the summer. Thanks.
Best size for l55# Great Dane
How much time until your dog wants to sleep on it? He slept on it last night when I was with him but this morning he was back in his old bed.
The 4.5" bed! Is it 2.5 inches of foam then 1" of memory foam and 1" of gel, OR is it 2" foam 1" memory 1.5" gel. Picture says 1st discription 2nd.
. . .will this work for small bunnies????
How wide is the comb? I have a tiny older yorkie, and a small cavie.
I have a miniature Maine Coon cat. She weighs less than 5 pounds. Will this work for her without hurting her?
How well does the fur ejector work on this tool?
Does it work on all short and long haired cats and dogs?
Will this work for a Beagle?
Is it a China made item? And how is its quality?
how often do you use it?
Has anyone used this on a short haired chihuahua?
Does it work for a short hair labrador retriever?
If i were to place an order right now...when will I receive them?
How many worms are included?
how are the worms shipped?
1. How many LEDs are in this fixture? 2. What is the color of the LEds. 3 What is the warranty
will this produce enough light for a 90 gallon corner saltwater tank?
i have a 36g bowfront. how will this do in a mixed reef tank. fish and lps
Do I have to plug in the timer? Or cab I just wire the light straight?
hi i have the jbj 30 rimless, and its length is 23.6" will it still work with this model?
I have a 60 gallon cube aquarium its 24x24. Would 1 or 2 of these lights be recommended for optimal coral growth? Looking to house all and any coral.
I have a 56 gallon size 30 x 18 x 24. Will this fit?
Would this light work for plants?
I have a 47g bow that I am going saltwater with, 48 at its tip width and 22 at the max depth would this be enough or do I go next size up?
is this light capable of growing corals?
Does it work for saltwater aquarium (210 gallons)?
Are these full spectrum. How many watts per led. Come with legs or hanging kit?
what happens if the LED stop working? How would I replace them?
If I buy 2 of these kits, will one remote be able to control both?
What is the wattage of each LED?...ie. 1 watt ,1/2 watt ect..???Or total wattage?
Is there a way to mount this in a jbj nanocube 28 hood? I have the intermediate LED but it's never worked right and I want to gut the hood.
Dear All, Does this product come with a power supply (for example an 110/230Vac-to-24Vdc) or should it be ordered in parallel?
Would this be enough light for a 29 Gallon Biocube? It has things like plate coral, torches and Acans. Also, it's a rimless tank. Can it rest on it?
Would this bee too much light for a fluvial spec v mini reef with mainly leather corals?
I know this isn't for Corals, but would my RBTA be happy under this?
Do some of the actinic lights look blue and some look purple?
how would i connect 2 sets of lights to run off of 1 timer, i have the orbit led for marine tank ,tank is 145 gallons
will the light penetrate to the bottom of a 24" tall aquarium?
I have a 72" will the 60 work?
how many watts is this?
can I mount this on a canopy that sits 6-8" over the water? I know it doesn't come with mounting clips.
How is this for freshwater planted 55 tank
I have a 72 gal Bow Reef Tank and a 120 Gal Reef Tank they are both 48" is one light enough for each tank both have T5 right now with 6 bulbs
is one 48-60 inch sufficient for a 90 gallon mixed. I have mushrooms, zoas, Kenya tree coral, and ricordea.
Can multiple lights be controlled from 1 control panel. I am considering using a 36" and a 48" for 7ft wide 200gl FOWLR tank.
Is there a warranty on these light fixtures?
Will this be a good light for LPS 24" deep and SPS 12" deep?
How bright is the white light?
Deep freshwater tank recommended? I have a 22" deep 65g that has a green tint to the glass and my Marienland led does not light it up enough.
Does the connection/electrical plug to the light come off or is it fixed in?
what's the voltage (110 - 220V)?
Will one 36" light work on a 92 gal corner bow front tank. How do you hang them? Thanks
Will this be good for a 75 G fish and all kinds of corals? I want to put on the lid so there will only be a 5" gap between the light and surface
Has anyone had this lighting system working for over 2 year with out any issues?
Where are they made ?
How does the safety feathre work? I see it there, held on by a screw. Do I need to adjust it or tighten it down or anything?
How do you open them to cut???
I have Great Danes. Will these work for their very large nails?
will it make long nails split on ends
Why isnt there an (OPTION BOX) before checkout for customer to choose their size of nail clippers?????
What does ISO 9001 mean? Is it for factory standard? Why would you put it in the product?
I want scissors-type nail clippers - NOT the guillotine type. I can't tell which type these are. Help!
Is there a nail guard?
will they work on my Great Purines who is 108 lbs.?
Just wondering how long you keep your light on for a planted aquarium? I have it on 20gallon. Thank you:)
My tank is 23.25" inside the rim, 24.25" outside the rim and about 20-21" high. Moderate light plants. What size of this light do I need?
How far will the legs extend beyond the body of the light itself. I have an custom 28" tank?
So does this generate alot of heat? I just bought this for a tank im trying to set up as planted its a 20 gallon long
Is there a size that will fit a 10 gallon but also a long 20 or 30 gallon when I upgrade?
What's the input voltage?
Can the Fugeray Planted+ be used without the legs and be placed directly on a glass aquarium top?
Wouldn't this be too much lighting for the fish in the tank?
does this light fixture have two power cords ie one for the red and white (daytime) and one for the moonlight leds (night time)
Is this light suitable for a 20g tank? Does it have one or two rows of led lights?
Will the 36" fixture penetrate the 18" water column of a 48" long aquarium?
will the 48 inch finnex stingray be enough for a heavily planted low tech 55 gallon - plants low to medium light needs
Is this light okay to use with a none planted tank without an algae bloom? can you purchase an extended mount? the original ones are too thin
I have a fluval spec V, and I just bought the 20" finnex planted plus light, I LOVE IT! my question is how long should i run the light for during day?
I keep my lights on a timer , how does that work with this light , are there seperate plugs for the moonlight and the regular light switch?
I have a 90 Gal (48Lx18Wx24H) should one be enough. I have high light plants, pressurized C02 currently running 4 T5s.
The product description lists this as 35.6 watts, but the label on the package says 24 watts. Does anyone know which is the accurate number?
Will this be a better option for plant growth, over your new product the planted+ 24/7?
i have a 55 gallon 18" top to substrate will this light be enough for high light?I run co2 with flourish and flourish excel
For low to medium lighting plants in a 48" long, 55gal tank, will one fixture be enough?
I have a 18 inch tank. What size/length should I get? I see there is a 16-inch and 20-inch available...how much adjustment does the light allow for?
Will this grow moderate-high light requiring plants in a 10 gallon leader?
Are all the lights on the same switch or can you turn on the blue/white/red individually?
Should i be adding Co2 to my 10gallon with ferns, anubis, crypts with this 20" Finnex planted +?
Is this light compatible with ramp timers?
I am looking at this light for my 92 corner planted tank. From the top of the substrated to the top of the water is 20"; I am wondering if this light will work for me. My thought was to buy one 20" fixture and one 36" fixture. Any advice is appreciated!
Have you seen the funerary mounted on Fluva Spec V? Which length fits best 16 or 20 "
I have a 45cm (18 in) aquarium. Any chance I can adapt one of these to it?
What is the voltage for these lights? What kind of converter will I need to use this in the UK? Thank you.
Where can I find a spectral curve and actual lumen output of this device.
Will this grow High Light Plants on a 29 gallon (30"L x 12"W x 18"H)? I will have 2-3" of Substrate and be using Flourish Comprehensive Supplement.
Can I add a ramp timer to these LED lights? I wanted to purchase "Current USA Single Ramp Timer" but want to make sure its compatible.
do you get 2 or 1 rails? one of the picture shows a pair?
Can someone tell me if the 1" listed height dimension is with or without the brackets attached. What's the height without brackets?
How do I use the moonlight feature?
Has anyone "hacked" this light? Figured out how to control it externally, for example?
Do you think this would work on a tank that is 25" deep?
I have a 36 inch wide tank however the custom made top takes up 1/2 inch on each end can a 36 inch be mounted within 35 inches?
how adjustable are the mounting feet? I currently have a 24" tank but I want to buy the 36" light when i upgrade tanks soon. will the 36 fit a 24 tank
I am setting up a 50 gallon planted aquarium 36"L x 15"w x 20" tall. will this be enough light to reach the palnts?
Would one of the 36 in lights be enough for low to medium plants on a 45 gal tall tank
I got 350 Gallon tank, will this fixtures gives enough light output to lit up the entire tank?
just opened my light How do I turn on the moonlight? Can I use a dimmer?
Anyone running this on a deep tank. My 65 Gallon is 24" deep and has some low/medium light plants. Currently have 4 T8's that I would love to relplace
How far can the legs on these be extended? Would a 24inch lamp be able to fit on a 36inch tank?
Does anyone know what is the angle at which the light is dispersed onto the tank to focus the light rays onto the plant and avoid light scatter?
WIll it work for growing coral?
What is the total exterior dimensions of the 36" model? I need to make sure this can fit under my hood.
How do you think these shears will work on long hair matted cat fur?
are these good for bichon paws?
Hi,I am looking to purchase a dog grooming scissors but can't decide yet ,what kind of scissors should I purchase between straight or curved?Thank you
Can the seller please list the dimensions of the Pet Stairs with a description by the measurement for accuracy? For example this product is: 15" (Depth), 20" (Height), and 23" (Wide)?
For anyone who already has these stairs, do you think a longer dog like a dachshund would fit on these stairs okay? Not too steep?
how much weight does it hold?
What is the depth of the step it self? like How wide are the steps?
Is this product 20 inches high?
What is the deminsion when folded of the back bottom platform to the top bottom step edge for folded storing? I have 6 1/2 inch clerance for under bed
what are the dimensions?
I have a roughly 60lbs Lab/Chow mix. Does anyone else have a dog around this size that handles well these steps?
Are the steps covered with fabric? It looks like felt in the picture.
What about the width?
how big a pet can fit?
Would a 23 lb Scottish Terrier fit in this lying down? What is the weight limit? Thanks
will my 20 pound dog fit comfortably?
What is the maximum weight will it allow for the dog?
Is this bulky? Can my little one lie down in it (8#)? Better than a baby folding umbrella stroller?? Thanks so much.
what are the wheels made of on this stroller
can it fold small enough to take on a plane. ? Going on a trip and this would be easier than carrier my dog in his carrier and I think safer.
Is the mesh all the way around?
Can this product be used on wood floors?
Can this product also be used on upholstery? If not, do you have a product for this? Cat urine sprayed on chair is the issue. Thanks!
Do you conduct animal testing with the product or ingredients? Does your supplier conduct animal testing on ingredients?
Can this product be used on laminate floors?
Will this work to remove vomit and poop as well?
Does it remove smells and stains from brick paving?
is it safe for wool rugs?
Can you use this on mattresses?
I saw you could use on wood floors and purchased it. However no instructions on the bottle for wood floor application (?) appreciate your advise. Thanks
Will this product work on set in odors/stains? Will the application directions be the same?
I just received a large vest and it seems to be missing some velcro on the neck strap. There is velcro on one side, but I'm not sure where it attache
Is this the same as the Petflect Vest? My dogs are very rough on these, and Petfleck usually only last a season. Need durability - double stitching?
I have good sized greyhounds (85 lbs) All have chest measurements under 35". Have you had any trouble with these fitting greyhounds?
I have a Golden Chow and she has a very thick coat. How breathable is this?
Does the vest have an opening to attach the leash to a harness?
will this vest fit a 85 to 95lb. german shepherd?
Is the reflective paw mark on Both sides of the vest?
Is there an XL available? My GSD is 93 lbs, chest about 37", if I am measuring correctly, base of neck/top of shoulders is about 27".
Is the neck strap adjustable with Velcro like the chest strap? I can't tell from this picture. Thanks!
Does the cage lift off the stand easily? There may be times when the cage has to be transported in a car.
where can i find sand covers for the perches? my standard covers do not fit around the wooden perch. i need a larger diameter.
What is the overall height of this, from floor to top?
I'm getting two parakeets soon and i don't want the cage to fall over. Does this cage fall easily.
Is the spacing small enough for a finch?
Does the top open - where are the hinges opening from?
Hi, i have a French bulldog. The discription says this product can carry up to 33 pounds, which is good for me, as my dog&acute;s weight is 27. But I am concerned about the dimensions... would he fit??
Is this particular model adjustable?
Hello! What color is this specific carrier? I can't find it anywhere, it looks chocolate brown perhaps? Thank you!
Could my cat's paw get caught or be pinched when the tray rotates?
Our feeder spins for 17 minutes after setting up feeding schedule. It seems excessive. Is this normal? How can this be fixed? Help!
what kind of batteries does it use?
Would this work as an automated Kong dispenser, if hung upside down and filled with 6 Kongs of an appropriate size? How large a Kong would fit?
How long does the opened tray stay opened? Does it stay completely opened until the next tray is programmed to open? My Cat eats very slowly!
Is there a link for instructions? Worked for a week now I constantly have to check to see if it's working or not
Would this keep out pantry moths?
I bought one of these and find the setting a bit of a mystery. My question is: do you have to hit the "start now" button every time you fill the bins?
can i program this device for my dog &#x200B;&#x200B;eat only two times per day?
what are the compartments made of? Plastic?
If necessary, can it be both battery operated &amp; electrical plug-in? (That's what we're looking for)
Does anyone know what it means if the feeder is showing an error message? I've contacted the company and no one has answered me.
how many cups can you dispense in one feeding?
Is the opening where the food comes out big enough for a cat to stick their paw up it? I have an extremely determine and hungry cat.
Is the bowl big enough for 2 cats to eat from?
Is this pest resistant? For instance, ants are a problem for me.
Where can I find the manual for this product? I have mis-placed mine and I am having trouble programming it.
I will like to know what is the size of it and its weight since I need to know the shipping charges where this is going to be sent?
what materials is this made from?
could mice or rats hole the plastic of the walls ? could the dog throw it down so it would stop working?
How many mgs of glucosamine and how many mgs of condroitin?
Senior dog. Can Maxxiflex be taken with vet prescribed anti-inflammatory?
Is there any form of Chicken in this product? What is the 'natural flavor'.
How can I find out the expirationdate of this product: Maxxiflex plus for dog on sale for $29.87
How do I do this messaging thing?
what size are these tags? Do I have a choice?
Is there a lid/cover on this aquarium? If so, are there any openings in the lid for tubing?
Do you think this tank would work for cherry shrimps? If not, any idea which would?
Where is the intake of water to the filter located?
Might it be ok to put an aeration and a betta heater in the filter box? Thanks.
Hi out there, What's in the box? Much mahalo
Hello, Will the water inlet to the filtration system suck in Red Cherry Shrimps? I read that a reviewer raises these shrimps in the aquarium. Thank
Hi im a new B want to buy this tank dont have a clue what kind of fish to buy? As well where can I buy stuff to decorate tank any input would be appre
I am seeing different measurements on this tank (3 Gal) can anyone tell me the exact measurements? It would need to fit my 10 1/2 " mantle.
Can the filter be turned off with the lights still on? If not how strong is the filter, Betta's don't seem to like a hard flow.
Is there any way to use this tank without the black background? Or is the entire back attached?
Does it have a cover?lid???
Can you run the lights on a timer? Or do the lights and pump run off of one electrical plug?
Do you need an air pump/air stone? How do the fish get fresh oxygen if the glass lid covers almost the entire top?
I have this... filter question? Does anyone else's rear filter basin hold less water than the actual tank?
does the lid come off easily for cleaning with gravel siphon? do i have to remove light everytime i clean?
where does the black foam go? I know it's installed directly below the blue filter but not sure what side. Does it face the aquarium or the back side?
Is it possible to take off the light?
Can the LED lights run on a timer?
How many gallons is this tank? There seems to be conflicting information on Amazon's website. Is it 3 or 5 gallons?
hello i was wondering if the heater would work behind the back wall where the filter is
Can someone give links to peer reviewed scientific studies that show that ANY dog joint supplements work? Dasuquin with MSM, or any others.
Dear Veternaries Choice: I received a bottle as a gift for my granddog. That said, is it okay to store the opened bottle in the frig? Thank you.
Does this product contain aspirin or any pain killer in any form???
who is the manufacturer????
how many tabs in the bottle
small dogs?
I'd like to get this for my 22 pound JRT. It says "chewable". Are they soft enough to cut in half? I cannot find this bottle in for small dogs
what is the dosage and also what is the mg for each
Where is this product actually manufactured?
can a heated outdoor pad be put inside on the felt
Please tell me the size of the doors and are they same size on each side? I am a little concerned about raccoons getting into the shelter.
What type of material is the "fluted corrugated shell" made of?
Is hay or straw needed to keep the outside kitties warm?
is this too heavy for small dogs?
Does this barking collar works and my little shihtzu barks alot. So will this work.
how often do you have to refill the citronella? thank you.
I have a100 lb Weimaraner who barks at just about anything. Will this collar fit him and hopefully will it work?
I have a 10 pound maltese. I also have 2 dogs that weigh about 18 pounds. Is this too heavy for them and does the collar adjust to fit small dogs?
What is the difference between this and the Petsafe one? Is it effective on large dogs with long muzzles?
My dog is only 3.7lb yorkie. Is the collar size and weight good for him?
What size battery does the dogtek citronella bark collar use?
How many sprays does the collar hold? How many in the refill?
Is the citronella spary a strong smell?
Is this tool effective on Australian Shepherds?
I'm confused. I just came from looking at deshedding tools. What is a slicker? I have a Walker Coonhound. Tell me what to get. ;-) TIA
My dog is 21 pounds would you suggest the small brush or medium to large brush. I appreciate if anyone can answer. Thank you in advance :)
Would this work on the longer hair on the hindquarters and tail of a Keeshond? I'm pretty sure it would work on the rest of her coat.
I have a pug mix she sheds constantly. Will this brush work for short coats?
My 22lb Jack Russell sheds more than myGreat Dane did! I brush him weekly w deshedding brush &amp; tool PetSmart.What order of product/s should i use?
Is this the only tool I would need to have for my wired hair parsons terrier?
Will this brush remove the overhairs on a bullmastiff? I have a furminator that removes his underhair just fine, but need something for the overhair.
how does this brush work on toy poodles and chesapeake retrievers?
We have a Pug &amp; she definitely sheds...Has anyone had any experience with this brush &amp; this breed. She doesn't like to be brushed. Age 4 1/2 mos.?
do you have size large?
are you able to lock the leash at differant lenghts?
The cloth leash has twisted inside the housing and is inoperable. How can I fix this?!
How big is the handle (where you hold it) on Small size? It says 7.4". Is it really that big? need something closer to 5" long, not bulky
Do you have a 10-foot leash?
Any ETA on the large version?
Where are these made?
Does the leash have a button to enable a retract-only mode? I've tried to glean this from the info I can find on the web but no luck.
When will you have availability for the large size leash? I need three.
I've had my leash for about a month now and it will no longer extend all the way nor will it retract all the way. Is there a solution to this?
How do you use it on long hair'd dogs? The teeth are so short.
Has anyone used this on a Siberian Husky. Did it would well?
I have a shorthaired pointer. does this product work on shorthaired dogs?
Might anybody know if this work for a Walker Coonhound? TIA!
What is the length of the blade on the medium to large tool?
I have a lab who has hair that ranges from .25 inch (head, tail) to 2 inches (back). Would the small-medium brush be appropriate?
We are drowning in tuffs of dog hair from our long hair Austrailian Shepherd in FL. Will this work?
How does this compare with the "furminator" for a golden retriever
Can this be used for schnauser
what about a short haired like a Bluetick Coonhound?
I have river rocks as substrate. I have a large plecostomus and a 10 inch aggressive peacock eel. Do you think I would have problems with the river rocks as substrate or the other fish? I need these guys for cleaning not for snail infestation.
How will these snails do in a 3 gallon tank? Is this overkill? I'm just looking for snails to keep it clean and not overpopulate it.
I have a 100 gal tank with a horrible snail infestation. Maybe more than 500 of them. How many assassin snail I need to effective treat them
My 50 gal. freshwater tank is overrun w/ a snail that is helical in shape - will assasin snails rget rid of them-I also have 3 clown loaches.
Will Assassin snails eat baby livebearers?
I have a golden mystery snail, will the assains bother him?
If I order these and your nerite snails, will the assassins attack the nerites or are the nerites large enough to avoid being prey?
Will these snails help stir up a sand bottom?
Do these guys breed easily? I worry about becoming infested with too many "assassins" while alleviating my MTS problem.
After planting live plants in 55 gal tank Im overrun with snails! Will these get rid of all the snails? Do I need 5 or would 3 be enough?
not near enough info on this pool. please get together, warrienties
How easy does it puncture because of the dogs' nails? I have Multiple Sclerosis, have to buy online. The hard plastic ones want $190 S&amp;H.
How deep can I make the water? (i.e., can the water be 16 inches deep)
How do you inflate it?
is the pool 4 feet deep?
the dimensions are 48" by 48" by 48". I want to make sure that the pool is 48"/4 feet deep?
does this device allow you to share with others, like live web cams?
does it have a built in dvr that can store on the device or a sd card?
Is the camera battery operated or does it only run by AC electric
What does it mean by Soothing Sounds?
What are the power adapter specs for the camera? (Ie) input 110v output ???
can I use more than one monitor?
Does this booster work in both the front and rear seats?
exactly how high does it sit, and is it high enough for a dog to see out the window? Is the optional insert included?
is this built up. my dog will sit in the seat, but he isn't tall enough to see out. and he won't ride in a dog seat that goes around the head rest.
will a 20# westie be comfortable enough to lay down in this seat?
will shrimp do good in a 10 gallon tank with two angel fish(still very young),a gourami 1 1/4 inch, a molly an a small pleco
Will Ghost and Cherry shrimp live together? I have 6 ghost shrimp in a 10g with a betta and he leaves them alone so I was wanting to add some color.
Will they get along with glofish (tetras), a suckerfish, and dwarf crayfish?
What would be recommended for a set up with some ornamental shrimp? I have a few Marimos in a vase and was thinking of starting an aquarium instead.
have a 10 gallon tank with 5 glofish tetras and 5 glofish danios. I was wondering if a few shrimp or snails would be a good addition to my tank
Can you put these in a tank with small african dwarf frogs?
How much java moss does they come with?
How big are they on receipt? I have a 2 1/2 gallon bowl with 1 goldfish and a Plant. Would they survive? I plan to also get a mystery snail.
Would these do well with a Electric Blue Crayfish/Freshwater Lobster
Do they die easily?
Does this have seat belt holes?
i have a mazda 3, is this too big?
The listing says "peach" but the picture is gray....what color does it actually come in?
Can it be put in the dryer?
what are the headrest straps made of? my current cover (that does nothing, at this point) has an elastic loop and it is far too stretch out now.
Do all of the straps have quick release clips?
Will this fit an SUV?? I have a 2015 Subaru Forester and want to make sure it would fit before buying.
does the cover have slots for seat belts?
How does it do with pet accidents?
Will my dog be able to sneak her way underneath this cover while on the seat? That is the issue with the hammock we have now...
How long does one bottle last? My dog is 45lbs.
How are you administering this? Mixed in with food?
My dog is 5 years old and he weights 90lbs, he is an american bulldog. Can I give this to him now or this is only for older dogs?
how long is the shelf life of a bottle? Does it have to be refrigerated?
My first bottle of liquid was thick amost like syrup. My second bottle is almost like water. Why would hte consistency be so different??
Manufacturer please tell us if all ingredients are sourced from suppliers in the United States?
The label says: Made in USA, but are the ingredients sourced in USA?
How long will it keep in the refrigerator once opened?
I was ordering this product and in Nov, I could no longer obtain it from Amazon. Is it available again?
Is this the same thing as Cosequin?
I have a Betta and Dwarf African Frogs. Will they get along?
Will this crayfish harm mystery snails?
Will this guy be ok with a suckerfish and glofish (tetras)?
Can one live in a 3.5 gallon tank with a small goldfish?
will these eat my snails or corries?
Do turtles and crawfish get along
I have a biorb, 8 gallon, with 5 platys. Put in two small dwarf cf, 1/2 inch each, yesterday. Now they're gone!!! Should I buy older dwarf cf?
I live in Egypt and my shipping company takes about a month until a full order arrives, will it survive?
Can Blue Crayfish live in the same tank with ORANGE Dwarf Crayfish?
Can these guys live with dwarf shrimp and guppies?
what are the ingredients? is there a list available?
Why are they $20 dollars a lb?
My dog loves this product but I worry about the garlic and sodium nitrate. What per cent of the total ingredients make up your jerky treats?
How many treats are in each bag?
Is any of the meat outsourced?
is it FDA approved ?
Do you carry dog food that my dogs will eat and love like your liver and jerky treats?
Does anyone know whether the beef used to make these treats is human grade? Thank you!
Should these be stored in the freezer and for how long will they keep? Thanks!
What is the pH of this treat? My dog is prone to UTIs so I try to keep her pH as close to 7 as I can
Will one fixture be suffucient for a 50 gallon saltwater tank?
Would tis light be appropriate for freshwater low light plants, or will it be too bright and grow a bunch of algae?
Would two of these (side-by-side) be somewhat sufficient for a 40 gallon coral tank?
I have 4 broodstock tanks side by side. They are each 10 gallons, would this light be to bright for them? They are 13 inches deep. Thanks
What settings are default after it loses power? If the power goes out, then comes back on, will the light come on?
I'd like to get this for a planted 90 gallon, 48x18x25 (LxWxH) FW tank. Will this alone provide medium-high light at tank bottom for grasses?
Would this work well for a 55 Gal. planted freshwater aquarium?
Is the Edge LED suitable for deep tanks? My tank is 30" deep
can the intensity of lights be adjusted if full spectrum is too bright but i dont want to have it turn off too early (or turn on too late)?
Is there a way to just turn the fixture off with no programming ? In other words it won't turn on or off unless I physically do it.
What size batteries does the bark collar take?
I have two dogs but only one needs the collar. If my other dog barks will that set off the collar? Also how long is the guarantee good for? Thanks
How do you change the batteries? We tried, but the collar just constantly beeps and the LED pulses.
Does this come with the rope? If not, what size hole. What type of rope is needed. Instructions on how to hang. Thank you
Hello! i have a Question for you. Please let me know shipping weight.
What is the weight limit for a cat using this product?
how would we hang the pod?
can this be placed on a fabric dog collar instead of the black collar that comes with it? if so what is the size of the end openings?
How come I can hear the device? Is it faulty?
the batteries only last a couple days on them how do you get more out of the battery
i opened battery case. no tab to pull as per box instruction. it turns on and buzzes. what is mode button for? no good instructions/manual on box. th
does it really work
is it water proof
Does it work for mites?
What does mode button due? No explanation about mode button.
Does this work on chewing lice?
Purchased ultrasonic collar. No manual included and battery tab had been removed. No explanation for its use.
some instructions included would be helpful, what to look for etc.
Has anyone had success "seeing" pee on beige-colored Berber-style carpet with this light?
What am I missing? I have checked in the litter box, which our older cat has not used in two weeks, floors and counters in all three of our bathrooms, berber carpet in the computer room (where the cat spends a lot of time), and the kitchen floor and...
Will This Product work to detect human pee and or where poop has been? We are potty training little ones.
Can this light also detect counterfeit money? I've seen some advertised with that feature, as well as pet urine.
Would this be good for antiques or is too strong?
I just got this and I put the batteries in but it won't turn on. I put new batteries in but nothing changed. Is there a secret that I don't know?
Will this work to spot ring worm?
does it come with instructions on how it works and how to use ?
Do the lights have to be out for it to work? It was dim, not dark and I can't seem to find where the smell is coming from.
Is this safe for mattress?
Wondering if this has any fragrance that lingers. Most cat pee removers have terrible fragrances that I can't stand!
Is this safe to use on hardwood floors?
Can this be used in the laundry on clothes? If so how long do you have to soak? How much per load?
Can I safely use this on a wool rug with natural dyes?
Can not find the spot that was marked. I need to treat the entire bedroom. Will this work?
I had an old dog that leaked on my hard wood floors for years. Any hope with this product? Would like to get a new dog, but I'm afraid to.
Can you pour it into a steam cleaner and do an entire room?
How much of a bottle is this in oz. weighing 2.4 lbs
What are the ingredients?
Will it work for a kitty who is slightly over 22 pounds? And is it easy to get in and out of the car?
How durable are the wheels? Do they rotate or are they in a fixed position? Would this be good for taking cats along while walking? Thanks.
Does it have mesh opening on the top. Seems like with only the mesh in the front, there isn't really a way for the cat to look out
What is the overall height of this stroller and would two small Yorkies fit (under 5) lbs. ?
Is the carrier approved to fly with your pets in the cabin? Airline approved? And would it comfortably fit a dschund? Thank you :-)
Is the Canopy sun shade detachable? I need this as a carrier to take my cats to the vet when needed and would like to take off the canopy. Thanks
Does this fold up like a baby stroller? I am looking for something to carry on a airplane
How long does it take you to hook the basket up to the frame to use the stroller? Thanks.
Is just the carrier part available? I have this item already but the carrier only needs to be replaced. I do not need the stroller part. Thanks.
Can anyone compare these to the WAHL Switchblade or Storm II clippers? How do they compare in speed,loudness,handling,cutting capability? Which works best for removing large areas of tightly matted fur?? Thank you
Do you ever need to change the blade drive? This will replace my switchblade, and I change that blade drive regularly.
What attachment combs fit the Wahl KM 10?
What attachment combs fit the Wahl KM 10?
Can I use my Andis ultra edge blades with these clippers? Just curious. I am trying to make up my mind between the Km5 and Km10.
What does a brushless motor give you that a non-brushless motor doesn't? How is a higher spm better or worse than a lower spm? Poodles!
How much is the power consumption? 100-240? or only 110-120?
Does this works with 220V ?
How is the serviceability of this clipper. that is what kind of cord and how do you change it? Any soldering involved/ Blade drive change? Also the cord again , does Wahl use an inverter on the cord?
110V or 220V?
What happens if you don't scoop every day? Have any of you tried that? I scoop every other day or so, and my litter box is very large.
Do either of the 'clump and seal' kitty litters have a scent, once they are wet? I notice that they contain 'heavy duty odor eliminators' which usually means a scent. Thanks in advance.
Is this clay base? I didn't see any mention of material it uses on the box.
I have 2 cats, and clean the box every day. I have hardwood floors, and the cats track the white pieces all over the house. Solution?
What are the micro-particles made of?
Is this litter scented?
What exactly is this made of?
Do the clumps stay together better than the original yellow box type? Thanks.
What is the manufacturer's recommended interval before completely changing out old litter with new ("cycling")?
Is this litter scented? I need a fragrance-free litter.
Does this litter have a lot of dust?
Has anyone tried this litter in Electric LitterMaid Boxes? Does it work in those boxes?
My mom want to know if this cat litter is great for normal sized cats that are no longer considered "baby" or "kittens" anymore. She think the baby cats in the box is meant for small kittens but is this true?
Has anyone noticed a change in grooming habits since changing to this product?
Is it an odor BLOCK or is it strongly fragranced to cover odors?
Is it really practically dust free?
what gallon tank does the crayfish need.
will my dragon puffer fish eat him inside a 250 gallon tank? It seems like he eat my snails.
is it a hybrid or "genetically modified"?
Hi I have a 10 gal, tank with 4 goldfish will this crayfish be good for my tank?
Will this crayfish live well with Sakura Fire Red Cherry Shrimp?
how many do they come with??
Can these crayfish survive year-round in an outdoor pond?
can u put red claw crabs with electric blue crayfish
I have a 2 koi one 7.5 inch and one 20 inch in a 200 gallon aquarium. Would these lobster be compatible with koi? Can I buy 2 for one aquarium?
what tank should i get for a crayfish - especially for the cover so it will not sneak out
will it get too hot inside
I have 2 cats approximately 15 lbs each. Will they fit?
Does it come with a Raincover?
Is there a steel frame around the front of the stroller where the large netting meets the fabric in the middle.
I wanted to use this to transport my cats but it looks like they can easily squeeze through the opening between the top and side. Any way to secure it
I'm thinking of buying this for my 22 lb. Blind poodle. Would this stroller hold her weight?
is there an assembly required?
What is the weight limit?
What is the weight limit?
I have a Shih Tzu that's 18 pounds. Will she fit in there comfortably?
Can you put 2 small dogs
I noticed that there were suppose to be more colours available, but all I see is blue and green? Do you have pink available?
What is the weight limit?
There is no definitive answer on the maximum load. What does the manufacturer recommend?
What is the maximum weight of the pet for this item?
My pug is a chubby 30lbs...would this be ok?
I noticed several tall people mentioned height comfortable, anyone under 5ft have experience with this stroller? Is height an issue?
Is this available in red?
I have a 28 lbs pug, will it carry that weight?
I have a 35 lb. French Bulldog. Is he too big for this stroller?
what are the dimensions of this item, rolled out?
What does "easy to clean" mean? Does it wipe clean? Do you hose it down? How long does one last?
Would I have a problem putting this over a UTH? Such as it burning it?
Why is the brown Zilla Liner $12.45 and the green one $8.00?
i am looking for a collar that does not fall asleep. I have a collar now that does work with my dogs but after no movement for a period of time it will only wake up if the dog moves, but it has to be a rough move and not just standing up, if that makes...
how big does the collar go?
Does this collar have sound/tone only option?
I have asked is collar used with 220v and received 2 answers: yes and no :)So, my question now is: how do you know that it used/not used with 220v?
Can it be used with 220v?
does the expandable iq plus come with a battery charger
The picture of the remote on the main page does NOT show the slide switch used for multiple collars/dogs. Is this the multiple dog version or not?
Does this product come with the battery and any other necessary componente or do i have to buy those separately?
Could I use this collar on an 8-pound Pomeranian that is a barker?
how does a second collar work on this
Does this item come with the syringe and needle to do the implantation?
How to inject in a cat
is this a universal chip that can be read by any reader?
Does this item come with needle and chip
Send to Mexico? Does this chip work in Mexico?
We have two small breed puppies, and I want to use these. Do I need a reader, or can I just insert them and register them with the activation cards?
Is this product a 15 digit 900 series for France readers?
How much does "registration" cost?
Is tthe pump included? If not what kind of pump should be bought with this product?
does the unit shut off if ato container is empty?
Can you use it to dose your tank?
is it better then ato?
How long is the wiring from the sensor to the pump and from the sensor to the AC adapter? I want to make sure it reaches.
Will it work in a saltwater sump?
How many sensors are there? It looks like there is only two: low-level and high-level. Anyone know if there's a redundant high-level sensor?
will the senser work through black glass?
Is this adjustable, I have a 5 month old, who is about 40 lbs now, and will be between 50-55 full grown.
where are sizes
this is an odd question but what kind of dog is model for the medium vest. It looks just like mine and I always wondered what she was.
Is there a hole in the top of the vest to accommodate using a harness under the vest? (To attach the leash.) Thanks.
how many chews are in this box compared to buying the same amount in bags
how many come in the box?
how many in a box?
Are these bags biodegradable, or made from recycled plastic?
Do these bags have handles?
On the dispenser, does the end where you reload the bags screw on or just push on?
Is there any printing on the bags or dispensers besides the caution stickers. Thanks, Laura
Is the remote rechargeable or not?
does this have a warranty?
Where can I get an extra collar?
Is there a single mode that beeps then shocks?
Hello! Unfortunately, I lost the collar/receiver (but still have the controller), and would like to buy a replacement receiver. Is this possible?
Can this be used as a "fence"? We have a HUGE yard and we don't want to bury a wire.
I have one collar and I would like to know if we can buy just another collar and not the transmitter with it? Since it can work up to 3 collars
Do the collars operate on seperate frequencies, think about getting two collars.
What kind of battery is inside collar: Ni-MH or Li-ion?
do you have to re-sync the transmitter and receiver after each charge?
I have charged both the remote and the collar, but the collar will only stay on green and not let me sync it. any advice?? I have only charged it twic
I am having trouble with the collar, it will not hold a charge and was purchased less than a year ago. Please advise on a replacement?
Did anyone find a solution to the green light staying on, on the receiver? And not being able to encode or sync it?
can you use the beeping feature alone
How long is the collar?
I have my transmitter on a level 1 (0-100) and this seems to high for my dog by his reaction, should I be able to feel it on a "1"?From what I read a person should be able to feel it. It just seems pretty powerful for a "1" setting. Anything I can do...
I need another remote...can I buy just that or do I have to get a whole new system?
does the amount of time I hold down the stimulation button have anything to do with the length of stimulation?
A friend has a collar with a setting that will shock each time the dog barks. Does this collar have this setting?
How, exactly, do you clean the pump? Ours has stopped working after only 6 months.
will this pump fit the big max stainless steel fountain?
what voltage is the pump and or how many amps does it draw?
Will this pump work for my Drinkwell Avalon pet fountain?
Is this pump is a compatible replacement for a Drinkwell 360 pet fountain pump?
This pump has only been a few weeks old and it stopped working. I shook it and it started by stopped again. I would appreciate a replacement please
is this a model 300? I need the 400 and cannot tell by this picture
Does this pump come with the adapter plug? i ask cause Gulf Coast Pet Supplies shafted me by NOT including the plug with the one I bought from them.
I need to replace my small fountain pump. Brand: Skyish model no. TP-180. Is the one you're selling the same.
Do you recommend buying the cleaning set...or will a small brush work as well. (Baby bottle nipple brush or pipe cleaners?
How difficult is this to set up? Have the Drinkwell 360 and it's a bit tricky to set up, so I wondered if this was comparable or easier.
how much water does the fountain hold
Is the entire fountain ceramic (not including the pump)?
Why do I need charcoal filters if I use already filtered water?
What is the size of the unit..floor space-wise?
Is this made in China? I am wary of any ceramic products from China but really like this design. It should say MADE IN ______ on it, somewhere
Odor on the plastic pieces is chemical, strong, nauseating. Others used vinegar, soap, soda paste. Anyone else have ideas to be rid of the smell? aah
Does the Pagoda Fountain have 2 filters?
I bought an early no-name model that smelled like chemicals. My cat smelled it twice &amp; never went near it again. Does this one smell like that? Thanks
could you tell me when the expiration date is? (now...May, 2014)
Does the bottle say it is safe for use on puppies?
I am more concerned about getting rid of the smell then the stains. Does it get rid of the smell?
How long did it take til your dog's stain under his/her eyes faded or disappeared (using this product)?
How long does one bottle last?
So, does it work? Really work?
My dogs tears have stained his white coat so I need this product to remove the discoloration on his coat. Will it?
i'm trying to remove reddish stains not necessarily "gump" does this do that? is the smell horrible as one here states?
Do you use it just under the eyes? My shihtzu has tear stains all over his face.
How do you administer this product?
Does this one fold in sections so a person can sit in backseat also?
Where do I find the clips that buckle into the seat belts?
I want to put the back seat down but there is a big gap between the front seat and back, will this let me put the seat down and support the dog on it?
can you adjust the front seats(forward and backward) while the bridge is in place?
How does the part that sits on the seat attach? Or does it just sit on the bench without an attachment?
I have a Chevy traverse. I tried the Kruger and it folded up and broke. I have 2 lg dogs. So this is made with wood ,not cardboard. Is it big enough?
Looking for a backseat bridge where the firm part is longer in depth than the Kurgo backseat bridge. What is the actual depth of the firm area?
Will this fit in the backseat of a 2 door Jeep Wrangler?
I currently use a dog harness and buckle, but was looking for something to help stabilize my dog. Does this block the buckles in the back seat?
will this work with captain's chairs instead of a bench seat?
can this be used on hardwood floors?
I have a very large stain on my carpet, don't think it's urine. Does your product come as something you can put into a carpet cleaner?
can this be used on tile grout?
RE:cat urine: do the cat(s) go back later, after the area has been cleaned, and smell the area or do they totally ignore it like it was never there?
If this product can be used on wood and on carpet am I correct in assuming it can also be used on laminate floors?
Do you provide instructions on how to get cat urine smell out of carpet?
Can you tell me how to get rid of cat urine smell?
can this be used on furniture - I have a bookcase that has been marked
what scent does the product have?
Can it be used in the washing machine to wash throw rugs
hi, is this the new or latest model that has separate control for blue leds? or moon lights it is, thanks.
How far from the tank should the fixture be?
What levels are you all running this fixture at? please include tank size, glass covers?, height from water!
How good are these lights for fresh water planted tanks?
Please specify if the white lights spectrums are at 10k or 6k. One reviewer said he bought 2 and one was at 10k and other at 6k. Thanks. Jay
What kind of coverage will this give on a 4 foot 75 gallon
Is there a simple way to suspend it without putting a hook in the ceiling
Hi, I have a 210 gallon tank, it is 29 inches deep, I already have a Kessil Tuna Blue in the middle am looking for two other fixtures would this work?
Will the light bleed from the side? Or do they point straight down?
Does anyone have any experience with using this light on a planted freshwater tank? 70G Hex 30" deep?
How big are the actual food pellets?
is this crumble feed medicated?
Is this feed free of GMOs? Does it use soy? What are the ingredients?
Is this feed organic?
About how many gallons of water a day does a 100 lb dog need/drink in hot weather 100 degree weather ? Trying to decide on size.
If you drop a frozen plastic bottle in the holder, doesn't the plastic of the bottle react with the water surrounding it?
where do u get the side bowls for this water and also where can i get replacement rubber gaskets for the top i have used the last gasket we had tu s
I see in the pictures that it comes with 2 side dishes for multiple pets but it doesn't say that in the description. Does it come with 2 add dishes?
Is it possible to clean the dish without emptying the water in the tank? My dogs always seem to get crumbs and dirt in their current dish.
How quickly does the product ship? How quickly would it get to Los Angeles?
Does the water automatically flow into the bowl as the dogs drink or do we have to open a valve to replenish the water into the bowl?
Is the bowl removable for cleaning? I'd like to clean the bowl daily without having to empty the whole tank.
I'm trying to figure out if this product will allow me to switch to moonlight at a certain hour, then turn off, and then perhaps turn on with ramping?
Hi is there any ramp timer that works with a slow fade on and off? The remote is cool, but auto would VERY welcome
I just got a satellite led+ and wanted to know if this would make it possible to simulate a light blue to a darker blue effect
does it work for all dual led fixtures
I am thinking of something like this for a biocube 14 gallon. Would this work with both the fluorescent and LEDs it comes with?
Will this work with a Marineland reef LED strip light?
Will this run two current 36 inch lights?
I was wondering which current lights this works with? i have the satellite freshwater light.
will this timer work for all led fixtures?
Is mine defective, I set the off/on time, P-01 keeps flashing, my lights never come on at proper time - instructions are not clear - what am i missing
Is this made in the United States???
How much protein is in Nutruience Grain Free cat food?
How much carbs does it have per serving? Where can I find more nutritional information?
Are there samples available and if so, where can I get one?
is there a smaller sized package that I can try anywhere? 18 lbs and $50 is a bit of a stretch to test it.
So are the newer model the ones with the blue or white propeller? Does the WP-10 include the night/light sensor or no?
Does this model have magnets to hold it in place. I know the original wp10 had suction cups.
What is the max glass thickness that you can mount on?
Would one of these be sufficient in a JBJ 28 gallon nanocube? I have 3 Koralia 425s right now that are too directional and I wanted to swap them out.
hi i wanted to know if this model comes with the light sensor for night mode?
I just bought one of these to replace an old Hydor Koralia pump that has issues sticking to my 75g tank. Would this work alone or need more?
Why is the pictures on this listing a bento box? O.o
is this to much flow combined with a marineland 400maxi jet in a 40 gal breeder?
whats included if i buy this i have too buy a voltae convetor?
What are the dimensions?
My Maltese is about 3.4 pounds. Would she fit XS size?
Is there a size chart? I have a 7 lb poodle...what size would fit her?
I cannot locate the size chart. Where is it?
I have a boston terrier puppy who weighs almost 3 pounds... i want to get her one for Easter which is about 2 months...should i get her a sm. or med.?
will a small fit a regular sized chihuahua?
where is size chart ?
need the inches of the girth
My ragdoll kitty is 9lbs (1 1\2 yrs). Unsure between sizes M or L. Please help!?
My dog weighs about 12ls what size
will the xs fit a ginnie pig?
will this fit a teacup yorkies
Can xs fit my 4 lb pomeranian?
How long did most of the orders take? Looking for a Halloween Costumes and it said up to 28 days. And where do you live? I live in PA
My dog is 7 pounds. What size?
My dog weighs about 5ls, what size?
For a four pound dog, would you order a small or the extra small?
How can I inform you what i need to engrave on it?
will you engrave on both sides of the tag?
How many characters can fit on each of the four lines?
how big is the tag..I have dobermans?
is it big enough for a +20 lb cat?
What is the Handle bar height from the ground ? I am tall with short arms.
I have a toy poodle #7 &amp; a tiny chihuahua puppy. I want them to be safe. Do I need to hook them in to be safe? Any holes the Chi can get out of?
have a 22 pound dog who's getting foot surgery. Would this be big enough for her and does the mesh unzip so she can poke her head out?
Is there a way to lock it when it's folded?
Can the plastic wheels be changed to rubber wheels?
What is the weight limit for this item?
What are the dog compartment measurements
Does the actual compartment the dog sits in come apart from stroller and can it fit under an airline seat for travel
Does it work for Airplane travel
How to fold this down
Is it suitable for a large cat, about 18 lbs?
Does it have something to clip the collar to so they can't jump out?
Does anyone know which is better the 3 wheel or the 4 wheel?
How much does the stroller weigh?
Is the handle high enough that the person doesn't have to bend over?
Does anyone know how well this would hold up on pavement and little bit of dirt roads?
Is there mesh screen in the back of the stroller for good air flow?
Some people say it had a dog clip inside &amp; some say no. I need 1 so I can unzip &amp; use so she doesn't jump out. Looking to buy purple or pink color.
I noticed one costumer said that when she received the stroller the basket underneath wasnt included is that true?
how big is each one?
Are these vegan?
where are these made?
Are these soft or crunchy? My baby is older and prefers softer these days. Thanks in advance.
are they stable enough to hold water without toppling over in a tent?
Are these made from "Food Grade" silicone? I've seen other similar products indicate that they use an FDA-approved silicone.
how many inches across is the bottom of these bowls?
Are they a machine washable?
Are these bowls made in the USA?
What are it's dimensions when it's unfolded?
can you use this as a travel bowl for humans? camping/hiking/backpacking?
Are these BPA free?
Are these microwaveable?
How much would it cost for me to buy 50 or 100 dog bowls from you? How long would it take? Asst colors, minimal packaging. I'm in dallas fort worth
Does this collar fit a Great Dane?
How long does the unit hold a charge before it needs to be charged again?
will this collar work for s small 7 lb dog?
would this collar fit a 6lb. chiuahua?
How is the power turned off on the receiver? I push the power button, hear the switch ckick, but the blue indicator light keeps blinking.
My older dog growls frequently, and sometimes starts fights with our younger dog. Would this collar help break his growling dominant behavior?
Is it good for a 12 lbs dog
We can't find the collar for our 600yd Aetertek, how can we get another collar without having to buy the remote?
We have managed to mis-place the charger. How would we go about ordering another?
Do the receiver and transmitter shut off after a few minutes of non use or do they stay on until they are shut off?
What is the actual tried range for these collars? Also do they have enough sting to get the attention of a stubborn 80lb dog?
Can you choose to correct individual dogs? Can you correct simultaneously?
I have synced the collars and used them twice. Now I cannot get either collar to respond to the receiver.
does this have a belt clip?
Can you choose to correct individual dogs? Can you correct simultaneously?
Would these training collars be too big for 20 lb and 35 lb dogs (miniature aussies)?
This is a two dog training system but only comes with 1 collar? seems silly doesn't it?
Does this have an anti bark system with this product and how long does the battery stay charged
can I put 3 tetras in one of these 3 tanks?
does this tank also filter and heat the water
Does each compartment its own lid? It doesn't seem so looking at the picture.
what brand are the replacement filters
what size of Aqueon filter does it use
is it glass or plastic
What type of filtration cartridge replacements does this take? Can I have a name or link to them?
Can someone recommend a heater for this tank and what setting it should be at?
Is there a less powerful submersible pump that could be used instead of the one that comes with the tank?
can i use it for a 220v outlet?
Are any of the ingredients from outside the United States and, in particular, are any ingredients from China?
Where are these manufactured? I do not want to buy any pet treats manufactured in China.
Does it say anwhere on the box how many calories(kcal) are in one small/medium chew?
I've looked for a "large" size of these and can't find anything. Is this size large enough for 80 lb ( and above ) aggressive chewers?
What size dog?
What is the full list of ingredients?
Are these typical dog biscuit type material or is it something different kind of like a greenie or other dog chew?
Do these dental treats actually make your dogs teeth any cleaner? My dog is 50 lbs and will likely finish these quickly.
The ABO Gear Kitty Compound Cat Play House Product Dimensions: are quite vague with 120 x 17 x 17 inches; what does the 120" include? In other words, is the size of the Kitty Compound Cat Play House by it's self, the same size as the main structure of...
Is this kitty play house easy to tip over? How easy is it to remove your cat when it is time to go inside?
Can this be attached to a screen door with a cat flap in it so it can be accessed from the house?
Can I attach another tent to the other end of the tunnel?
Hod do you attach another tent to the other end of the fun run? I've tried, but the zippers do not line up properly?
My cat needs a place to eat grass. Will grass come up through the bottom of the ABO devices, so the cat can chew it?
If my cat tries to claw at this tent, how easily will it rip?
has anyone attatched the tunnel to a kitty door?
What is the shipping size of this item? I need the dimensions of the box. Thank you.
I am looking at fostering feeder/grower kittens, how would this work for my needs? Thanks in advance!
Is there a warranty?
how quickly does the transmitter respond? I have had others that took some for the transmitter to wake up.
I like your product but I want a snap collar can I use a different collar
is there a on/off button on transmitter?
Love the three options for correction ! Does the transmitter have a clip or lanyard that comes with it?
It is not syncing at all. I may have accidently synced it wrong. Is there a factory reset to start all over again?
Hello, I am in Germany and looking for a training shock collar that is capable of being charged in a european outlet. Is that possible with this item?
How wide is the strap/collar? Thanks!
Can the shock/vibration part be removed from the collar and just use as a collar when needed. Is there a ring on it to clip leash on?
Has anyone else had trouble getting the shock to work? any help will be much appreciated since i cannot find a phone number for customer service
Are the two compartments stationary, or can the divider between the two sides be moved to make one of the two sections bigger or smaller? Also, what is the size of each compartment? Thanks!
can a lab fit into this and if not do you have a size for a lab?
What is the country of origin?
Can the divider be closed?
is there an opening between in the divider inside the box?
How hard or easy are these to open after you get them off the roll? That is the most bothersome issue I have - trying to get them open! Thanks in adva
How do these compare to the Earth Rated Poop Bags?
Do they have an unscented version? I can't find them.
where is the best place to dispose of these if they are going to break down? most items, even paper &amp; food, don't actually break down in landfills :(
Where are these bags made?
Are these bags made from compostable materials, or are they plastic? (What are they made of?)
are these bags toilet flushable?
Are your bags certified biodegradable or certified compostable?
Which are easier to tie, Pogi's with handles or without? Anyone tried both? Thoughts on tradeoff btw no handle but on roll, vs handle and no roll?
How hard is it to push the centers out for the other holders
How hard or easy are these to open after you get them off the roll? That is the most bothersome issue I have - trying to get them open! Thanks in adva
How do these compare to the Earth Rated Poop Bags?
Do they have an unscented version? I can't find them.
where is the best place to dispose of these if they are going to break down? most items, even paper &amp; food, don't actually break down in landfills :(
Where are these bags made?
Are these bags made from compostable materials, or are they plastic? (What are they made of?)
are these bags toilet flushable?
Are your bags certified biodegradable or certified compostable?
Which are easier to tie, Pogi's with handles or without? Anyone tried both? Thoughts on tradeoff btw no handle but on roll, vs handle and no roll?
How hard is it to push the centers out for the other holders
I see where it list auto correct for barking. I want my dogs to bark. Can this feature be turned off?
Are the collars waterproof? We have labs that swim every day and need the collars to work if they get wet repeatedly!
Our transmitter will not go into sleep mode and stays in the "on" mode. Does it need to be exchanged or can it be reset?
How long does the charge last on the receiver (collar)?
anyone have problems charging the collars?? mine wont charge at all. they are 2 years old...
What kind of Anti-Back functionality does this system work on? Sound, Vibration or both?
I wanted to know what kind of charger it is. I travel alot abroad (with dog) and need to switch chargers for the different currents. Is that posiible?
I need to get the rubber plug or gasket that covers the charging port on one of my collars, It also keeps the device waterproof. Where can I buy?
is this only remote prompted or auto correct too?
what size dogs is this system for?
How long do these last for training a large dog?
I read that liver treats will replace "Angel Eyes" tear stain remover. Has anyone used this product for that?
Is there any propylene glycol in this treat? Please include the ingredients list in your listing (even if it says "only pure beef liver") Thanks
How hard are these pieces supposed to be? I received them today and they require crazy amounts of force to break up into small pieces!
Do these treats take time for the dog to chew? If so, they would not make a good training treat.
How large are the pieces, how easy to break?
Why is there no photo of the back of the pkg? Would like to see ALL ingredients contained in this treat listed.
Can these be used with a treat dispenser?
What about how sharp the treats splinter? My dog loved them, but they splinter into pieces sharper than steak knives. I don't want my dog's mouth full of blood.
how big is it? how is it different from the more expensive Smart Scoop Automatic litter Box that is not fro Pet Zone? The other one costs more, why?
Is this powered by 110v, 220v or both? I live in a country that used 220s and finding a quality automatic litter boxes is a pain.
Is there a privacy lid available?
any staffs or representative can clarify the actual size?
Does World's Best multiple cat clumping litter work well in this box?
What is the actual of the product? 26.5 x 16.9 x 7.6 inches?? But from Official Web site , it stated 18.25" w x 25.5" d x 7.5" h, which is true?
How often do you have to empty the scoop tray?
Will it pickup and dump large urine clumps? I have a cat with kidney disease. He puts out a lot of urine, sometimes the size of a tennis ball. He also goes often. One review I read said it might not handle that, but that person didn't have a cat with...
Does this work for cats who pee in the corners?
One of my cats loves to eat plastic bags so I can't use liners. Do you have to use a liner with this box?
would these steps be ideal for a 4 lb. yorkie who's body is 12 inches long? I'm wondering if they would be too steep for him?
What are the dimensions of the steps when they are folded?
What is the height?
What is the depth of each step? I have a black lab, mastiff mix and need to know the depth, not distance between steps. Thanks.
What is the height or this? 25" or 28"?
How would these steps work with an 84 lb. labrador retriever getting in and out of my SUV. He is 11 years old and not the jumper he used to be.
Looking for a light weight step to get my 200 lb. mastiff into the back of a crossover station wagon. Is this sturdy enough?
my pool only has a ladder. Can I use this in my pool (depth is only 4') for the dog of course.
Do you think this would work to get a 110 lbs potty belly pig in a Honda CRV?
can you floded under the bed....how many inches high when folded to place under the bed ?
I bought 1 of these, &amp; it just doesn't work for me. What am I doing wrong? I used the brush wet and dry, how do I move the brush on the fabric?
what is the length of the brush?I can't find that on the information. THANKS to anyone who can answer!
How does this work on embedded fur in car upholstery?
Our yellow lab leaves her hair everywhere including fabric in the back of our cars. Will this work well for this?
I have a concern about washing hair down the sink. Aside from washing it outside, is there another way to clean the hair off of the brush after use?
Does this work as well on clothing as it sounds like it does on upholstery?
I have a german shephard that sheds a lot &amp; this brush doesn't work better than a sticky roller. What am I doing wrong
i have 9 cats, and denim furniture. will it get the embedded hair out of the fabric as well as all of the hair that just gets layered upon?
After using the brush, there will be some sort of the lint fibre balls caught in brush's bristle. How does everyone clean it?
how well does this work on carpet?
what is the thickness of the bags
what is the dimension of the roll itself?
What are the dimensions of a single bag? Is it 9" x 12" ?
I've got big ragdolls, ~ 15 lbs, will they fit in the opening?
Can someone please let me know the measurements of this scratcher/lounger? Thanks!
Does this leave bits of cardboard lying around to vac up? That's what I don't like about most of the cardboard scratchers.
although I understand the answer to this question depends on how often the lounger is used, but how long do these typically last?
What size of batteries does this use?
It won't hurt my dog,right?
I have a very stubborn 90lb dog. I only see reviews and questions for small dogs. Has anyone had success with LARGE dogs like mine?
what is the white plastic thing with the little fuse and 2 holes for?
How do I set to the lowest level? There are 7 levels , what level is ideal for a six month old cockapoo and how will I know what level it is on.
I am not happy with the two bark collars i purchased for my mini dachsunds. One beeps with every movement the other beeps but nothing else.
Does it have a simple on/off switch?
Can you use this collar if you also use a collar for an electric fence? ( I don't mean to have the two collars on at the same time...)
I have multiple dogs. Will their barks set the collar off, or can it only be activated by the one wearing it?
would it work for a 5 pound toy poodle?
Does this have only one level of correction or multiple and does it adjust itself if more than one level?
Swimming, will it hold up to my dog swimming with it on? He barks like crazy at the beach.
Is this product waterproof?
Is this too bulky for a 5 lb. Chihuahua? Will it attach to another collar?
I don't understand the high-low sensitivity setting.
My dog needs a collar larger than 12". Do you have a solution?
Does this come with battery?
How come some of the pictures in "Customer Images" have different fonts? Can I specify a font?
Does the blingy stones come off ? Thank you
I do not see anywhere to chose the color or shape, in the instructions it says chose your color and shape but I did not see that option anywhere. ??
How can I have them engraved with names?
Is there a large Pink heart available? and how many characters can fit on one line, on the front of the tag?
Are they small enough to fit chihuahua dogs (8lbs)?
Does it come with a ring so I could attach it to the collar?
How do I sent you the info for the dog tag? I just paid for it but I didn't see anywhere on the site to write down what color of tag i want
What are the dimensions of the heart-shaped tag?
is it possible to get two words on the front?
It is not clear how the seed is contained and how the birds get the seed. Please explain.
Can Cardinals and Red Bellied Woodpeckers use this? I can't see exactly how this would work?
What type of bird feed is best to use?
Where do I put the bird feed?
can i use any other seed besides sunflower seeds
What are the main differences between the "Skinny Squirrel" bird feeder vs others?
How much seed does the feeder hold?
Do you have a wild bird feeder in stainless steel that also keeps out grackles and other large birds?
What type of material is this bird feeder made out of?
What's included in the box?
Whats the difference between these and wax worms? Which is higher nutritional content per reptiles?
Do these come alive or dead? Some reviewers said that they came dead and customer service is questionable.
I see these are $5.99 on yer website but couldnt see what shipping was 'cause of all the stuff you want filled out first. Are they less expensive ordering from your website? What is shipping to District of Columbia (Washington, DC)?
Does the delivery box indicate anywhere that there are live insects inside? I need to fly below radar with this as building management would freak to
What is the smallest or lowest weight dog it will fit on?
Will this fit a 15lb dog?
Does this device have to be on the dogs throat to function properly?
How does it work?
