Are both sides white? Are both sides magnetic?
How sturdy or flimsy is the board. I am also looking at the Expo dry erase magnetic easel. I would like for a child to be on each side of the board.
Does it come with letters, numbers and/or pictures?
Can it hold up wooden magnetic letters?
Can this be lain on its side? I need a landscape board. Thank you.
should I purchase plain magnet alphabets and numbers?
Is it Dry-erase?
Is it Dry-erase?
What is appropriate age group for this easel?
Can 2 children use it simultaneously from opposite sides, as in this 2-step easel http://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B008VUP...
Which deck builder toolkit do we get? There's 5 pictures showing 4 different card sets.
Could someone tell me which blocks for the booster packs where in the box?
is this from the 2013 or 2012 core set?
I have never played DnD but want to try it out with a few friends, what do you recommend?
I have DnD Miniatures (the oop pre-painted) and a few maps, are those compatible? Are the newer dungeon tiles compatible?
Is there like an official manual for this game?
how much is the shipping weight ? does it comes with the rule book ?
Is there a core D&amp;D game I need to buy or can I play this standalone?
Ashardalon pushed back to March? Anyone know if this is the official release date?
1. If you play this game more than once, is it still fun as the first time? 2. Can you play many times and is it still fun? Or is it repetitive?
What does this game look like? I shouldn't have to go to BoardGameGeek, the Amazon listing should be complete.
Although the game is designed as a two player battle, is it possible to play with 3 or 4 players by using additional miniatures and card decks?
What is the base game? In other words, what product is this an expansion of? Thanks.
What size are the miniatures?
Is it possible for one very imaginative person to play this game by himself? Or must there be two or more people?
Is it possible to combine this game with one of the previous ones (Ravenloft and Ashardalon) to have more people play, more monsters and more item?
How young could kids fully play and enjoy the game ? Give me your experience please
can all the scenarios be played by a single player or is it not possible?
Is it fun for two people?
Which one of the Dungeons and Dragons board games is it best to buy first?
Any dealer that makes deliveries to mexico?
If I play the regular dungeons and dragons and I had a character that I had started with from the redbox who is lvld up can i use him with this set
Can somebody please tell me weather or not this game is 4th edition? I am new to D&amp;D and want to get a good game.
How would you play this board game as a single player?
Any of these DnD games closer to the real DnD experience? Is this or Wrath of Ashardalon or any others closer to the real thing?
Is it expensive to have the publishing done: As the last persons asked.. how much does the publishing cost?
Five-Year-Old? Is this too advanced for a 5 year old boy?
Can digital photographs be used as illustrations? Hi - a few questions: Can digital photographs be used as illustrations in lieu of drawings?
How many pages in book?
I see two different versions of the box for Ilustory - one is with A+ and the other does not. Are they different or for different ages
what age group is this for?
What age child is this directed to?
My grandchild is russian speaking - can this book creation be tailored to russian language
How many pages is each book?
For 5 yr. olds?
How does this compare to Ticket To Ride: Europe?
What are recommended ages?
I have a 5 year old son. Do you think he would enjoy it if we read the cards to him or is he too young?
what age groups
why can't this be shipped to APO/FPO address'?
Is this a good 2 player game?
I hear a lot of disappointment about the size of the cards in the American version. What size are these cards? Are they business card size?
How important is color recognition in this game? Can someone who is color-blind play the game without frustration?
which ticket to ride game is most popular
Does this have the USA?
My Elf on the Shelf keeps telling me to burn the house down. Is this normal?
how do you take him out of the box with out him losing his magic
is this the elf with dark brown hair? I see two different elfs in the pictures
Is he the same size as the separate doll you can order?
how tall is elf on the shelf in sitting postition
Is this made with hard plastic and preformed into a sitting position or is it filled with a soft material that lets the elf be posed?
what age range would this appeal to?
can you touck it
Can you hug it?
My elfs hat fell of how can I put it back on so it's doesn't look like a four year taped it.
how is game played
Can you please give examples of some questions. I want to know the level of understanding needed for children to play this
I need a game to help students practice entire conversations. Starting, continuing and ending them politely. Does this teach a model to follow?
How many cards are in this game?
Hi there, around how many cards are there? If you know exactly that would be nice:)
How many questions there are in this game?
can you just purchase the birthday outfit alone?
Is the elf included
Is an elf included with Elf on a Shelf - A BIRTHDAY tradition? If not, how do I purchase one?
Is the one player game fun enough to buy on that premise alone?
How many players, minimum and maximum, to play?
How much replayability am I likely to get out of Firefly, is there enough variability to keep games fresh for a long time?
When you complete a job does the job card go back to the discard pile or is it removed from the game (assume already have a Solid with that contact)?
Can you get additional boards to increase the number of players?
I've heard this game turns into a racing game with little interaction when played with only 2 players. Is it fun with 2 despite this?
How hard to play is this game?
Why does this game supposedly take very long to play? Analysis Paralysis?
I have rarely ever seen such fervent divided opinions on a game like this. Does it stand on its own as a game? Or is it simply memorabilia and tedious
What characters are included in the base game? Are all of serenity's crew playable?
would they fit an Ipad Mini?
Can these fit on LG G3 phones?
How big are they?
Will it fit on a iPhone 6 plus when I get the phone ?
does it work on iphone 5c?
does it work for i phone 5?
Does this version have the World Trade Center towers/Terrorist Nuke and the Pentagon?
What are the contents of the box?
It's already been asked before, buy is this specific version for sale in English? Because the stock image is not and it says the origin is in China. Also, what precisely is included in this set? How many cards? Are there megabucks pieces? Are the are...
Wich version is more funnier? The Illuminati Steve Jackson or INWO New World Order
This Version have the 8 Illuminati cards, 83 Cards representing groups, 15 Special cards, 4 Blank cards and 160 cardboard money tokens?
What is the difference between deluxe illuminati and regular illuminati?
does it contain all the cards
Is this version in ENGLISH? I see someone else has asked and the response involved a "second picture" which is not available. Is this in English?
I've played the 1983 edition millions of times - has this new one been updated for our idiotic times? I mean new groups, mostly
The picture seems to show the cover in French. Is this the French edition?
Can you use this with Munchkin Deluxe or does Munchkin Deluxe replace this?
When we opened it at Christmas, there was no board, just cards. Should there be a board?
The Amazon Product Details state this game is recommend for ages 10 - 14 years. Is that correct?
what age group is this appropriate for?
Does this game talk about sex changes, transexuals and poke fun at gay people? I overheard a game being played and thought I might be mistaken?
How tall is the deck? Looking for a card box to take these traveling.
Are all of the cards so ugly? I like the concept, but the visuals are horrendeous.
is there a better game? like the same mechanics but Different theme, style, characters?
I'm guessing this wouldn't be a good game for a couple that doesn't want to play games where we attack each other?
do games typically take about 60 minutes as the game description states?
Does the game come with a CD or a casette tape?
Is this fun for all 8 players? I would hate for someone to feel they got a crumby, boring character..
Will this murder mystery party still work if you have less than 8 guests?
Is this appropriate for young teens?
How many suspect players? Is it really 8 or are there extra parts?
Is their one main script like a play atmosphere?
Is there ANY way to purchase the narration CD only? I've lost my cassette!
can you play with two players?
Could you ship to Brazil?
Is this game still enjoyable though I have not read HP Lovercraft's works?
how long does a typical game take?
Is this item the "revised edition" with the lighter board?
Hi, is this the revised version of the game?
How do the expansions play into the game? Do I need the original game to play them or are they stand-alone?
do you ship to colombia?
Could You ship to Hungary (EU)? Thanks, Eva
can this game be for one player
Just wondering, as a person who wants to really get into the game, should I get three core sets to get every card? Or is it not really necessary?
Are there any spoilers in this game?
There's an image of this game in a different language and then when I click it, it shows the game in English. Is your version in English?
This is in english right?
Is there a board that comes with the card game?
The picture shows the name of the game in French. Is this one in french or english?
how many copies of each card can you have in a deck?
Is this price at all sane? Is this some sort of special edition or are they just somehow way off on the price?
Any reason these are selling right now at $2 higher than listed retail? $2.99 is msrp.
Are they clear on both sides or one side is frosted?
can i attach to a lanyard
Do these card sleeves work with The Resistance: Avalon?
Will these fit Pandemic?
Are these Sleeves suitable for Soda Pop miniatures game Super Dungeon Explore?
I understand these accommodate LotR LCG cards, but do they accommodate Pathfinder Adventure Card Game cards? Plus, are all sleeves the same dimension across multiple packs? many thanks
My son want's to use these for yugioh cards would he be able to see the back of the cards
Will these hold sports trading cards?
How many cards will fit in a sleeve? Looking to store sets of dominion cards in these
The game box pictured is in French. Should I place an order, will I receive the game in English or French?
I see that this game is 3-6 players. Could you get away with playing with 2?
Never seen BSG, none of my group are fans... I'm really interested in playing this, but not sure if we would enjoy it. Anyone have feedback on that?
Shiping to croatia, any time soon? (we have just entered the EU.. will that help with it?)
BSG: Board Game -- Enjoyable by non-BSG fans? Is the BSG Board Game (base with no expansions) still enjoyable by people who have never seen the show and couldn't tell you the difference between BSG and say Star Trek?
Can this game be played without the "traitor" ?
You say you ship to Crotia and all destinations worldwide but it will not ship to my default address in Alaska....nice....help?
I have been trying to purchase this game and have it shipped to an APO. I keep getting an error saying you don't ship to APOs. Is this correct?
Plastic figures? Does the Revised 4th Edition have plastic figures for the characters or does it have paper ones?
Is this the revised 4th edition, or original 4th edition?
How much replay value does this game has?
Is it the full game or is it just an extension to the game?
The number of players is given as 2 to 6 in a 2 player game does each player have to play more than one character?
reviews here say recommend age of 9 +. Purchased for my 10 y.o. son. Game delivered on box states rec age 14+. Will this be too advanced for 10 yo?
Are the figures painted? The picture shows them painted.
Is "Talisman" on Amazon the same boardgame they play on "Big Bang Theory"? Can anyone confirm?
What is this version (25th April)? Will the expansions work with it? What is the difference between this and the 93 USD version?
Hey I see they have the second edition as well as a deluxe second edition. What is the difference between the two?
Hi, can this game be played with only 2 players or does it have to be 3 or more?
Is this game a variation on Diplomacy? That is, no dice rolls; your success comes down to skill at alliance-building and military strategy?
Whats the size of the box??
Hi, how much is the shippment to Italy? or is it FREE? Also, How long would it take to arrive? thanks a lot
What are power tokens used for in the game? Outside of marking territories and bidding on influence tracks when the clash of kings card is drawn.
Approximately how long does it take to play?
Ship to Brazil ? with track number ? Air Ship ? how much ?
How many expanshions are there?
My nephew is starting to love GOT, Is this a good gift for any fan new or old?
Has Citadels stood up to the test of time? Have other games built on its core strengths surpassed it?
What size are the cards if I wished to buy plastic sleeves to prolong
What size are the cards if I wished to buy plastic sleeves to delay the wearing out of the deck?
According to boardgamegeek.com the 3rd edition includes the expansion "Citadels: The dark City" is this the 3rd edition that includes that?
According to boardgamegeek.com the 3rd edition includes the expansion "Citadels: The dark City" is this the 3rd edition that includes that?
How does it play with two players? A lot of games say it plays 2 but the game isn't very fun, how about Citadels w/ 2?
How does this differ from the 2002 game?
I teach high school Mythology. Would this be a good game to purchase for my kids to play on reward days?
Does this version have plastic covered wagon pieces? If so, how many?
Is this game easy to learn? Because I have a game that takes 3-5 hours to play, plus the rule book is 20 pages in tiny print. Don't need another one.
For anyone that's also played the Pathfinder ACG: how do the two compare?
what expansion should i buy next ,after playing the base set,for awhile
Aside from the core set, what other set(s) would I need to buy to play with 3 players and still have it be challenging?
My son and his best friend are 8. They LOVE LOTR and The Hobbit. With assistance, could they learn and play this??
My 9 yr old got this as a present for Christmas and has loved programming it. Our only issue is that we can't get it to record any sounds? Has anyone else had this problem and what did you do about it?
How far in feet can the Rover go in one direction. Can you have it go straight for up to 30 feet in one direction? and then continue with more steps?
It is mentioned that it can go on carpet, but does it move even slower on carpet? And can it successfully move from tile floor onto carpet?
do you have to have a i pad ?
If you had 2 of these, would they both work in the same room at the same time? (Same vs different frequency)
can you add voice activation
what kind of batteries are required?
The robot won't move. The initial program where you hit enter to let it go forward doesn't work. Instead of moving 3 feet, every icon lights up. ???
IS THIS AGOOD ROBOT FOR A VERY SMART 8 YR OLD?
would like to have an image of the inside?
How is it organized inside .. the outside image is not helpful?
does it have a calendar in the back?
Is this a plan book only or does it have designated pages for test grades?
Does it have a pocket?
Is this game fun to play alone or does it require more of a group?
We like Forbidden Island, Pandemic. Arkham Horror sounds terribly complicated. Would you recommend this for 2 people to intro "Horror" games?
Is this a good game for newbies who have never played this type of game before and mostly play monopoly and taboo?
is this the english or french version as shown?
Is this the original or revised edition?
Item Price: Why is the price of Elder Sign so high?
Is this the revised printing with the new rules book and investigator cards?
A bit confused: everything in this description tells me this is an English version of the game. What's this about the "French" version?
Would this be playable for a 6 year old? Perhaps simplifying the game to accomodate younger players?
I have one copy of the core set. As I'm just getting into the game is it worth it to buy 2? Thanks.
Is this only a two-player game? I'd love to have four people be able to jump in.
What are the starships made of?
One more question: are the ships to scale with each other?
How compact is this? Is this something I can throw in a smallish bag without the box for travel? Needing only a table top to play on?
Why is this shipping December 24? That makes me a little nervous. Can you ship sooner?
I know the game has enough figures to play a game, but should you buy additional figures when you buy this as well for more options?
excuse the question, I feel like i missed it somewhere, but can this core set be a 1v1 game with no other additions?
Do any owners of this game have suggestions about the best expansion packs to buy?
does this game work with 64 bit
what platforms is it available on?
Approximately how long does a game last?
I'm looking for a game that's similar to the old board game Hero's Quest. Descent seems to be close with more RPG stuff. Can anyone confirm similarity?
My 8 year old son and 6 year old daughter love to play Talisman. How is this game similar or different as far as complexity and pace? thanks!
How young could kids fully play and enjoy the game ? Give me your experience please
Does this game have 'progression' between play sessions? Do the heroes get stronger, level up, or learn new abilities? Anything like Pathfinder ACG?
Can you take rewards from one campaign into the next? Would this make the game too easy? Can the overlord be given more monsters to compensate?
According to Amazon, this isn't even out yet ("Releases July 24th, 2014"), but I know this game's been out for at least 2 years, what gives?
can you play this game solo?
how many cars does it come with?
Is this a trading card game?
What is the actual age group that can play this game? I'm thinking of getting this for two brothers, 10 years and 8 years, can they learn game and enjoy it?
Is the game in English? Because, on the photos, it is not.
Can this be played solo?
Since i'm new to the fandom i must know, are Jedi permitted to use guns/blasters?
netrunner
Would this be a good game to start with and help a new DM learn how to be one? In my game night group only one person knows enough about RPGs to be DM
I would like to see a detailed list of what comes in the box.
If I purchase the Core Rule book, do I still need this? Is there a reason to purchase this, as well?
Do you need the GM kit and the core rulebook to play?
Never played an RPG before and I have a small group of felow players. Is it easy to play as a GM AND a player at the same time??
What separates this game from Age of Rebellion?
Can you play with two players
Does this let you play Jedi or Sith?
Would this be playable for a 6 year old, or should we go in another direction?
Is this game fun for 3 players?
What book would a person need to be up to to play this without spoilers? I've read all the books, but the friends I play the game with watch the show.
Is this an expansion to add to the base game or is it used in place of the deck that came with the Game of Thrones - Second Edition ?
Hi, can you ship this product to mexico?, if so, I will buy buy it now.
Can you ship this product to Brazil? I've tried buying it but it says that It can't be shipped to my city!
Can this be played enjoyably with just two people?
Is this from the newest print run?
It seems a bit expensive for a board game. Is it worth the high price?
Is this game different from the "Deluxe" edition that is $20 more?
are the plastic markers colored?
do you ship to brazil?
How long does a 2 player game typically take?
If limited to 2 players, is Mr. Jack a superior deduction game than Letters from Whitechapel?
Is this game basically a copy of Scotland Yard?
I bought this item. But there were not 2 extension peg (refered in rulebook page 2) in my item. How can I take them?
Can someone tell me what the measurements are of the Tantive IV ship model? Length, width, and height(on the stand)? Thanks
Without the Imperial Raider, how is game balance with this against a fairly basic Imperial set consisting of mainly TIE variants and nothing epic?
What's the ship made of (plastic, resin)? I don't play the game, but this sure looks like a cool display piece. I don't want something cheap though.
do you need to play in 6x3 epic size map or is it unpractical in a 3x3 maps?
What Scale is it? 1/144? 1/72? etc. Thanks.
What type of storage case can I use for this and the Rebel transport?
Can you play a Jedi or other Force wielder in this game?
I've heard the rule set is geared toward running the included adventures and may be challenging for GM's to create new campaigns and settings. True?
How does the Edge of the Empire book compare to Rodney Thompson's saga edition books and could EotE be used along with Rodney Thompson's books?
Does this system use cards for actions &amp; talents like Warhammer Fantasy? My group has found that system's card-based aspect core to its playability.
Does this Star Wars rpg allow the creation and/or operation of ships?
Did you receive a first, second or later printing? on the back of the book near the barcode, first printings say mar13, second nov13. which vendor?
Why is amazon not offering this as a pre-release?
I would like to know why this game has the same classification as the beginner box, "toys &amp; games / boardgame" instead of "books"?
What kind of batteries are needed?
Are you able to redo these experiments or can you only make each one once? I am wondering if I could use this with my science class, thanks
Does this include only the instructions or the components to build it too?
Is the PRICE a typo????? It says $199.00 when I can get it for $19.95 elsewhere!!!!
Is this too complicated for a 6 year old?
11 yr old social studies or science gift ideas?
Is this kit something a girl who is interested in science would like?
how is it different from the original fluxx? is it worth getting if i have the first version?
Is mixing a bunch if the different themed decks together a good idea or does it become too complicated?
Is this a good game for adults
how young can a player be for this game
What version is it? Top title says 4.0 but description says 3.1?
Are there different cards than the family fluxx to warrant purchasing or is it about the same?
will adults enjoy?
Possible purchase: Does each person need his own banana?
How many tiles are in this game?
Would you buy the game with more tiles or less. What is the advantage of more tiles?
Banagram being sold at Amazon today - still the fake version??
How can I ensure to get a REAL version of the game? I ordered one and got a counterfeit.
bananagrams: What happens when 2 people are playing Bananagrams, there is only 1 tile left in the "bunch" and each player has 1 tile left which cannot be placed anywhere?
how big are the letters?
How many of each letter are there? I hate to be a pain, I'm using it for a different reason that's all.
can you play Bananagrams, Appletters and Pairs in Pears with the same pieces? Could you just buy Bananagrams (since it has the most letter tiles of the 3) and effectively play the other 2 games or would it not work very well if there are certain...
Is this a good game for a 7 year old? Is this a good game for a 7 year old?
does the book explain the workings and function of the organs?
Hey, what organs are included in this toy? My 6 year old is weirdly obsessed with the spleen.
Does it come with male and female parts?
Does it come with quiz cards?
Appropriate for 10 yr old?
Help! Is there a difference? It seems Smart Labs makes 2 versions-this and a Human Body Model which might be an older version-both reviewed recently
does the book explain the workings and function of the organs?
Does this body include a uterus?
Why does it fall apart easily?
Does it fall apart?
how is the game played?
Age recommendation
We have 8 family members. Could you play with more people if you used 2 sets of the game?
Is this a good game for a child turning 6 to play with his parents and grandmother?
I read a few reviews that said the tiles were plastic. The description on Amazon says wood. So...wood or plastic?
Qwirkle fun for adults? Would you recommend qwirkle for a family of adults?
what is the dimension of the wooden tiles?
What date was the product first made?
how many can play
what size are the cubes, I would like to compare it to the travel size which is 3/4 inch square. thanks
will the dvd work in australia?
what the heck, amazon: I bought this item a week and a half ago for $30, and now you're selling it for $8!!??
does DVD has Spanish language options?
Does this copy include dice or is it merely the instruction book?
Hello BPG, Does this book of Fiasco come with the PDF version of the book as well?
Is this a paperback or hard cover book?
Can more than five people play or is that the maximum?
Can you play with only 2 people?
Which edition is this? The old, lower quality, or the new (fall 2013 I believe) edition with the better quality miniatures?
Are these the 'old' type rules, circa 1990's, where the armor is represented by tiny circles, PPCs do 10 points of damage and heat sinks are important?
Is this the Febuary 2014 release of the boxed set or the previous set?
what does "*OP" mean?
never played the game before but want to get it for a group of people age 20+. Do I get Dixit or Dixit Odysee or Journey?
Are the 84 cards with different pictures? I just bought one set and some of the pictures in it are repeated. Is it supposed to be like that?
Just want to be sure: this box has 84 cards and a scoring board on the inside of the box? I'm trying to avoid the folding scoring board version
1. the picture on top of this page and the picture in product description is different, which one is the right one ?
Hi, can I order it to be shipped in Europe?
Is this the new version with 86 cards? Having 2 promotional werewolf cards?
The ages say 8+, but will an 8 year old enjoy playing?
What size card sleeves are needed for the Dixit cards? Which are the best card sleeves to buy?
Is this game suitable for people age 20 to 30?
Is this version the newer edition that comes with the two promo cards they're advertising on the Asmodee website?
I'd like to know if the tote of this &iacute;tem is wodden or plastic made. Thank you!
I'd want to know there r how many cards in the box?
I want to buy that game but before that I need to know which type (what colours) are the cards' backs?
I see 2 Jungle Speed games listed. One for around $12 and one for around $18. Can you please tell me what the difference is? Thanks!
I want to have game play but I know that the game has a expansion, do you have it? Because also I want to buy it
Why does one box look bigger and costs twice as much?
Love the set but the plastic covers for the storage units for the tiles has split. Can I get replacement parts?
Are the titles engraved?
What color are the tiles?
Are the tile storage trays felt lined?
The description says it has coin holders... but someone said it didn't have spokes to hold the money chips. Are the coin holders part of the tile rack
How long are the racks
are the tiles white or ivory?
Are the tiles smaller than in an usual set?
does this set come with pushers
Will the controller work on a Mac book? Not the software, just the controller. I have some other programs I'd likemtomtry and wanted to know will wMac
Can anybody recommend me a free or cheap R/C flight simulator that has 2 and/or 3 channel planes that also has dihedral wings?
will this work with window 7 64 bit
Are there instruction manuals for the simulator
will this work with phoenix rc?
The control doest work with the software, what do i do?
I would like to know if it works with Real Flight 7.5 and/or Phoenix R/C 5? Thanks.
can it be set up for a 4 channel helicopter, like the V911 V2?
will controller work with microsoft flight simulator?
does the controller work on a mac?
what is the size of the tiles?
How much does the case weigh before being shipped
Is the case heavy
Are the tiles painted or embossed?
is the case wood or aluminum
Does set include racks AND pushers. What are the trays that the tiles are stored in made of and are there covers for the trays?
National Mah Jongg League say the tiles are 1-3/16 x 7/8x9/16.......are the tiles this size?
Are the tiles full size or thinner and smaller than the standard sets? And are the dice marked in English or Chinese, and are they small or standard?
What size are the tiles?
what material is the case made from and is it sturdy?
Are the tiles embossed or printed?
Are there covers for the tile boxes?
are the tiles white or ivory?
how much does the case weigh before shipping
What material is used for the tiles?
Do the pushers fit easily in the case?
Is the model attached to the flat base?
What is the physical size of this vehicle model?
do it have movable part and those it roll
Is it suitable for a boy of five who wants a fire truck for his birthday? Can it be "run around the house" and any equipment movable.
Does it come with clear dust cover for display?
Can the truck be removed from the package without destroying the box? Also, do the outriggers go down or are they just for show?
why does the ladder only go two of the three flights up?
is this a reliable diecast. Does it come with lots of missing parts?
What are the demensions?
If you purchase 2 do you combine shipping rate ?
about how big is this? is it very cool?
Can I remove the truck from the stand?
what is its size?
Is the plane attached to the stand or can it can it come off to be held seperately?
Why does the red line on this picture look like it was drawn/painted by a child; is it really uneven on the actual model or just a bad photo?
What is the true color under ordinary day lighting? Is it black or somewhat grayish/metallic?
does it come assemblied
Are the wheels removable or do they retract or anything?
Why do you list this item as diecast if it is actually plastic?
How many inches is it
Is this plastic or is it diecast metal
what is the actual size in inch?
is this part metal or plastics?
Does this item come with a charger?
Haven't been able to get this to work, the helicopter has red/blue lights that flash when turned on, should he remote light up too?
Is this the 107G? Listing makes no sense, it should only have one model number.
can i get two different colors for a wedding gift ?
does the battery come with it?
Are the channels selectable on the helicopter? I see the control is, but what about helicopter?
What battery is in the chopper?
How small is this thing? Do you know it's measurements?
I want to fly 2 at once... How do I change the frequencies? Thanks for your help!!
Flied for about 2 min, the remote stopped working and does not light up now. Tried everything but does not work. Anything can make the remote work?
Does this model say "Full Function Helicopter " on the side OVER "S107G" ? I do not want a plain 107.
How long does it take to charge? And how long can you fly it until it needs to be charged again?
Does come with charger and controller?
Any chance wireless phone or a router could interfere with signal? mine drops out occasionally.
dose this have a light on the front of it?
We've bought 4 S107G copters, but none of them read co axial, is this copter somehow different?
If you have two helicopters, how do you switch them so that they can fly on separate channels? We can't seem to get one on A and one on B.
Does it come with two replacement blades? Does it come with controller? Does it come with charger (USB connected the heli and the computer) ?
Won't take off: Any ideas?
Rear rotor won't turn - what to do
Do I need a battery charger?
When ordering from this page, do I need to order a charger/additional parts? Appears they're included in the one order, but I want to be sure. Thanks!
Is this helicopter suitable for a 6 year old?
My on/off switch broke the first day: Does anyone know if I can repair the on/off switch??
Yikes. Didn't realize this was spec'd for 14+ age and ordered for our 10 year old grandson. Should I exchange for a lesser model?
how long does it take to charge?
How do you change the frequency from A to B on the helicopter? I see the switch on the remote but not on the helicopter.
Is this produce powerfull enough to attach a small remote video camera to take aerial videos?
What is the difference between the A6 and A680?
Does this unit include cords for Dean Connectors
Over the past few months I have been struggling to understand why (identical) test flights are lasting only 5-12 minutes (ave times overall are around
I need an off-grid, lightweight, solar LiPo charging solution for 4s 3300 batts. What capacity (watts) 12v solar panel would you need to run this?
Why has my LiPo program selection just completely disappeared? How can that happen? Why would that happen?
is it water proof
The battery comes with so many warnings about exploding and storing and charging battery in a fire proof container. Has this ever happened?
can you drive in grass
how fast is the truck? i am looking to get one to run on gravel and to just whip arround with mabey create a track with cones or somthing and i want a fairly fast car that handles well and i dont want to break the bank
Does this come with a controller?
Is this 4x4 truck water proof like the other exceed all terrain vehicle exceed?
I want to increase the run time so what battery should I use?
Also, is the motor itself waterproof?
the radio is included?
where can I find replacement front end drive parts?
What type of warranty does this car have?
What type of warranty does this car have?
does it come with controllers
has anyone gone brushless?
what is the top speed
Where is it made?
Does this Copter use InfraRed control system? Thanks!
How does it charge the battery?
do I need batteries
How do you change the channels on the helicopter?
What is the minimum age for this helicopter?
It says that 3.7 V 150 mAh Li-poly battery is not included. So do I have to buy it separately and place it?
Should the plane be in on or off position when charging? Also when charging from the remote control, should the remote be on or off?
Is it model S107 or S107G ? Please I need a clear answer. Thanks
how long is it.
how long does the batteries last
is the motor brushless?
does the banana connector come wth it or do i have to buy a separate adapter?
Please tell me the size of the box and the weight????
How fast can this go?
how fast is it
just got this car, does anyone know why there is a warning label stated the product contains chemical to cause cancer and known to the state of Califo
do this models reverse? thanks
can i run three of these at the same time or is it frequency limited
what is a battery that can upgrade this car?
I am thinking about ordering this for my son for the wooded area in our yard. Can this buggy go over dirt mounds and tree roots?
what is the difference between the carriage 109 and 129?
well it break easy?
How fast this car goes?
Does it come rtr
how long can it run on a single charge?
Does it come with a charger?
Are the battery ends considered banana ?
does it have reverse?
Where do you get extra battery's for this truck ? Thanks
What kind of battery does this come with? And can it take Lipos?
Does this comes with a battery and charger?
The little white plugs that plug into each other fit very snuggly and take effort to get apart and if not done carefully you may pull the white plug out of the socket and off the wires! My son pulled the white part out of the USB charging cable so bare...
Can you use a 110v usb charger?
Would this toy be appropriate for a 5 year old or is it too complicated to fly?
I see reviews mention knockoff clones, how can you tell if it's a clone or the real deal?
Are the batteries used in this copter interchangeable with those used in the Hubsan X4?
Is the quadcopter precharged or will I have to charge when it comes?
What if the eyes don't light up &amp; will not sync with the controller? I had the quadcoper replaced because of this and this one does the same thing.
Customer service contact??? Mine didn't come with a charger - where can I buy one?
Hi. I would like to know if anyone would please tell us how to turn off the battery in the quad ? Also where do you plug into quad to charge it? TY
Can you fly two of these independently at the same time, each with their own controller?
Is this waterproof?
how fast can it go and how long can it run?
can this handle cold temperatures and snow?
Please tell me the size of the box and the weight????
Is this car worth the $120 price tag. I am thinking of getting this as my first expensive RC car. And if not any other suggestions? thanks
is this available in any other colors?
I bought two of these for my kids and they are awesome but one has a very weak reverse and i can't seem to adjust it, any ideas?
How fast does it go??
Can I run up to 8 of these at the same time?
does it have reverse
is it water proof
what is the max speed?
how to change to mode 1
Should both sticks be spring loaded in both directions? My left stick is not in the vertical. It doesn't come back to center.
Can you fly more than one 2.4Ghz copter at a time?
I got one of these for Christmas. Is there a way to switch from MODE 2 to MODE 1?
One of the props are out of sync; can you tell me how to adjust OR get them back in sync ? At take off it does NOT go straight up; it goes to the left. Thanks
How is the battery secured to the copter and will it damage the power wires that go to the circuit board.
Iam Looking for a GYRO that has more FLIGHT TIME.
How Much weight can it carry
What is the warranty and return policy?
did it come with two batterys or just one
does this kit come with everything i need to make it work. (everything needed for installation and use).
I have a Redcat Hurrican with an SH28 will this fit?
does it fit .16vx engine?
I have 2 exceed cars with the Vertex V 16 engines . I see two backs in the pic . Will both backs fit my V16 engines or are they different sizes ?
does it come with installation screws
will in work on my redcat earthquake
Will it fit Redcat Racing Shockwave Nitro Buggy, 1/10 Scale?
will it work on my nitro evader st
Will this fit a Cen Mg10tr?
will it fit os max .15 cv
is this fully waterproof?
Can you race these cars side by side or do they all run on the same frequency?
How fast can this go?
does it comewith remote and charger
can I upgrade this to a brushless motor?
I have the brushed version and it's awesome. My car has waterproof electronics, is the brushless version waterproof too?
how fast on the road and on grass or dirt?
Would anyone know if a 7.4v 25c 2200mah lipo battery would work? Would it be too much of a jump from 1500?
How fast does it go?
it comes with the Tamiya to Mini Tamiya Converter Plug?
how much of a bigger battery could you use for max speed and run time? LiPo!!!!????
Can someone provide me a link for which charger to buy? I'd hate to screw it up.
How fast will it run? MPH?
How long will the dura trax evader run on one charge
What would be a good spare battery for this car?
How fast Is the car
Does the car come with the remote control?
Is there different parts available for this?
does it support Tamiya connector for battery? or other type?
Where do we get a better charger than what is offered? What brand, product number, etc. is good?
If I were to buy 2 of these to race, would the remotes intervene with each other by switching between cars? And can one remote control 2 cars?
Where does this product get shipped from, I want to know if i'll get it in time?
Should I buy 2 of them? I looked up spare parts and about half are out of stock, is that why this car is on sale? Should i buy a whole spare car?
how fast is this buggy?????
Can the quad be flown without the cage.
Has there been any improvement on the plug that a lot of reviews have talked about?
though i am able to synch the transmitter with the quad as instructed, i am not able to make it fly. it just keeps moving back and forth and get stuck
Just wonder if the charger is compitable with 220 Watt? I am planning to buy it as a gift and send it to Europe
what is the distance from controller range?
How do you get spare parts? The roll cage broke the day, and needs a new parts, but amazing, no parts seem to be available for the skywalker.
I can't seem to get the center/power part level. This makes it hard to keep the heli steady when flying.
how do you change the blades safely? we got hair stuck i them we just need to take them off and put them back on without breaking anything
Is it programmable? I would like to experiment with some programs that would not require a human controlling it live.
Can a replacement USB charging cable be purchased somewhere? The little white plug got pulled out of the cable and bare wires are left...
Help! how do I change the percentage on the, throttle, rudder, aileron and so on, it is not in the manual anywhere and I cant figure it out.
can you add the camera to this model
What is actual weight of quadcopter? It says shipping weight 3.3 pounds, but my packaged that shippied is 6lbs!
Charger lights BOTH flicker.... No idea if its changed or not. Spare battery show that its still charging after 24 hours.
I bought the V262 Quadcopter and want to know if the Red propellers are the front or back
Can this fly sideways? or would you need headless mode to do that
does it have return to home feature?
How fast does it travel(In MPH) in a straight path??
How do you turn on the camera to film? I lost the instructions in my haste to film...
will the remote control comes with LCD display
How long does the battery last?
where can you get spare part for it
does it come with battery
If I leave the battery charging will it cut itself off when it is done charging?
How good it is at offroading
how fast does it go
how fast does it go
how fast does it go
how fast runs?
I want to buy two of these for my kids. Will the remote controls interfere?
when do you know when the battery is fully charged
I would like to know, does this truck come with the remote control and charger?
How can we separate the frequencies to run 2 trucks same model?
is it waterproof?
Does it have enough power to plow 1 inch of snow
what is the range that this truck can go before it doesn't get a signal?
Anyone have the exact dimensions and weight of the box? Besides, I wonder what type of connection is the battery, thanks
How about extra parts who sells them
Where can I order replacment parts/body? Is it possible to extend the bumpers ot past the body so that they absorb the hit instead of the body?
Can you go in the mud.
How long does the battery take to charge? How do you know when it is done charging with the wall charger?
does it come withremote
can you change the frequency so you can drive two at one time?
do i need any mods for it
is it good in the mud
is it fast
Can one run two crawlers in the area? Can the frequency be changed or is it automatically selected? Thanks, Mark
How do i bind the transmitter to an other reciever ?
Whats this R/Cs range?
Where can I get a replacement battery for this truck? A but more than the stock 1100mAh would be nice but don't want heavier or larger physical size
hello, can i turn the camera on and off, also does it take movie pictures or still pictures? are pictures clear and detaied thank you
hello, does it come wiyh a card? if not what type of card do i need to take pictures? do i need anything else?
I tried to fly my helicopter but the propellers arent working, they sound like if they want to start but they get stock. Can someone help me?
Any one have a one of these U12A thats broken i need some parts and The" ( Radio )"?????
How do you charge the U12A helicopter battery? No English instructions in the kit.
Mine came with a 2GB TF card; but how do I know what class it is to order an upgrade to 64 or 128GB?
where do you install the tf card on the u12a helicopter
I have the UDI 13a helicopter and want to transfer the camera to the UDi 12 but I need a longer cable, does anyone know the part #?
how high up can you control this helicopter? what happens when you go out of range? thank you
Can't lift off. Full charge on new battery, all rotors spin fast with lots of power, just can't get but 1 inch up. Any mechanics out there?
My throttle stick is backwards, up slow-down fast. Anybody know how to reprogram? Thanks
Is the wing easy to remove/replace? I have a small vehicle. Thx.
Do you have to assemble this plane when you first get it.
What mode is the controller?
Is the stock a deans connector?
does it come with a controller
what is payload and how long is flight time ?
Does the FS-T6 include a receiver
can this transmitter be programed to fly a quad copter
where can you get the manual for this radio? I only see a manual for helicopter and not airplanes.
Can this transmitter bind with Blade mCX or SR120 dsm2 type recievers. I currently have Spektrum DX5 but want multiple aircraft memory
Does it come with a reciever?
Is this is a Mode 1 or Mode 2 TX?
this transmitter mode 1 or mode 2? This transmitter includes the receiver?
will this bind with WL V911 helicopter
will this work with any servos
what is needed to program this unit to your existing equitptment, ie motor, servos etc
Can this go off-road around tree roots and short grassy areas?
what is the max speed?
can i use, FS-GT2 2.4G 2CH Gun Transmitter w/ Receiver on this buggy ? is it sweet able for this buggy s ESC + servo ?
why is it so bad
Besides the Motor and ESC, how does this differ from the Brushed Model ?
I bought the venom 2s 2000 Mah battery but the connectors are different. Can some one suggest an adapter I can use. Thank you!
Replacement parts? I shattered the rear wing right away...can't seem to find where to order a replacement.
can i use 3s lipo battery on this buggy ? its esc+ motor will burn, if i use 11.1v lipo battery ?
what is the length of this buggy?
how long does the battery last on a full charge?
Does this car come with a battery
does it come with controller
DOSE IT HAVE A BATTY IN IT
Can it be modified to go faster?
How fast can it go?
which is the weight of the car battery and all together?
What style of battery is used for the truck?
is 2 wheel drive
What is the maximum speed of this truck with all stock components?
what kind of accessories are avabile for 1/10 2.4Ghz Exceed RC Electric Rally Monster RTR Off Road Rally Truck Stripe Blue
Is this good for 7 or 8 year old?
can you fly this outside or is it inside only?
This will be my first RC Helicopter, so I will sound dumb here. Do all V911 batteries fit in the H911 I just purchased? Accessories recommended?
how long it can fly
the batteries and the spare parts in the "Frequently Bought Together" fit this heli?, cause i see a different connector in the picture with the heli
Do you have to buy a full pack of replacements or can you buy them individually?
in the pictures it shows the old battery and connection so does this comes with the new connection and battery?
If I were to get two v911. Two boys. Would they be able to fly at the same time in the same room.
Is this remote control? and, it is something for a 12 year old? thanks
I didn't get a manual, is there one usually included? Is there one I can download somewhere?
can you run 2 at the same time? right out of the box or do they interfere with eachother
does it come with a remote?
and the tower shocks is builded on metal also??? can you recomended
can you know if the buttom part is metal or plastic???
it it gasoline required
Can it do wheeles?
can it do wheeles
how fast does it go
what is the top speed?
can you use torco 20% fuel
DO U HAVE TO BREAK IN THE ENGINE
is it a normal sized one or is it the small version
what kind of gas should I use
about how fast is it on road?
How do you start it?
is it's good for bashing and riding in dirt or nahh....
Hello there, wich is the exact SHIPPING WEIGTH of this Rc Car?? thanks in advance
does it have a 2 speed transmission
is it ready to run or do you need to build it
does the speed controller come with it?
Does this item also come with the battery or do I need to order my own?
Does the 2.4 GHz controller have an LCD display at the bottom that displays the flight state of the RC helicopter?
Does this have a 110 volt U.S. charger? That is what I need... Thanks
Can I use it for mudding
does it have 4wd
is it water proof
What style battery connectors does this car have so I can buy an extra battery any suggestions? Don't want to go to radical it's for my 12-year-old so
Anyone have the exact dimensions and weight of the box? Besides, I wonder what type of connection is the battery, thanks
Can the battery be upgraded? What other parts are upgradable for better performance and durability?
It resists abuse?'s good quality?
Please tell me the size of the box and the weight????
How long does the battery last?
does the ESC have a lipo switch on the car?
Bought this for grandson for Christmas, should I get extra battery and if yes what kind? Can I get the one above 7.2V Terergy 3000mAh Flat NiMH power battery pack? Do I need a different charger for this or will the one with it work?
What's this car's top speed, is it 4 wheel drive?
Is this waterproof?
Are the front and rear axles replaceable dog bone shafts? As in can each side be taken off from the wheel hub and differential?
where can I order parts?
how fast is the brushed edition
Does it come with a Remote Control??
how good is this on dirt and grass
about how fast does it go?
is it fast
These are advertised as 3 channels but one review states that only two bands are available. Can I fly 3 at a time or not?
How big is the helicopter?
All these reviews indicate that they are used indoors. Can anyone tell me if they can be used outdoors? If not, why? Thanks!
does this car go backwords?
what other things do I need to buy?
Is this car pull-to-start or does it have the auto start? If it doesn't have the auto-start, what is a good one to get?
How fast is it
Is it 4 wheel drive
What kind of warranty does it have?
does it come with a failsafe?
How many batteries does it take?
Is this car very durable for the price? and does it come with a starter kit? thanks
i have never got a gas rc car but do you need to buy the thing you poor gas in to poor into the car
is it fast
is there stuff that you need to buy separately and is it worth buying
does the car come with a remote
will the car take straight gas?
what kind of fuel does it take?
1 how fast does it go and 2 as an expirenced nitro rc driver will i have to put alot of money in it cause i was gonna keep it in my dorm
does this `have reverse
Greetings I wonder if the car comes with remote control?
what do I need for batteries
does this truck come with a remote
how fast does it go and are the tires real rubber or plastic!!
how many cc is the motor
how long does it tack to get the truck when u bye it
what kind of batters does the remote tack and does the truck truck tack any
who is it made by
Does it require a separate powered starter, or is there a pull start on this moter?
Does the remote come with the ability to change frequency? 2 kids, 2 toys, need different frequency.
does it come with a remote
How do you switch the helicopter over to channel B? The switch on the remote OK, but I can't find a switch on the chopper.
is there a better one in this price category?
Is this a good outdoor use helicopter?
Is this helicopter the same as the red ones in this listing. http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004... Thank you.
lower propeller stopped working after first use. No damage is visible (ie. gears are turning with prop movement). How do we trouble shoot?
what size tires are on this stock?
Does it come with a remote and battery pack?
I'm a huge fan of rc vehicles specially those 4wd trucks, planning to buy one just for hobby, not for tunning, would recommend?
If I order two of these, will they be different operating frequencies or will I have to get a different crystal for one of them?
What servo arm can i replace on this?....i wanna scrap the plastic one
how many teeth on the pinion and spur gears?
What is its top speed out of the box?
Since this is labeled a "crawler", how fast can this go? I am not looking for speed (20 mph+) but was hoping for about 10 mph on flat terrain.
how long do you charge the rock crawler
How long are the stock shocks?
Does anyone know if this device may be used to charge a 7.4v 2000mAh lithium ion battery, like the Spektrum SPMA9602 rechargeable battery for a DX6?
Does this include a Traxxas adapter?
Hi,before i order i ask the same question you answers 19 days ago (more specific).Are the USB Computer cable and Temperature sensor cable included in.
What is the general lifespan of this charger before it goes bad?
Hi, does the charger come with ALL THE ACCESORIES SHOWN IN THE PICTURES, or is it nothing else but the charger alone? tks!
Can this charge NiMh 7.2 v 350 mAh battery?
How long will this take to charge my 3s 11.1 v 6400 mah Lipo?
I have a 7.2V / 2000mah with Banana4.0 connectors. What battery connector adapters does it come with? Can I charge my battery with this? Thanks!
Can run the motor directly using this ?
it says theres a motor in the tail rotor but the two little wirers sticking out are not hooked in to anything?
How long can it fly?
What material is it made of and it's dimensions?
How many 1.5v AA batteries required for the Remote Control
What is this starter kit they are talking about?
command or control is included with truck
do i need to buy a pull start
do i need to buy a pull start
What kind of fuel should I use for this car?
What is the overall length other than the size of a football?
What is the actual size product, discription says 29.7 x5.1x12 inches.
How hard is it to get at the battery in the chopper? Just bought arrives next week, was thinking about getting a second battery if it's not that bad.
mine doesnt go forward or backward. would that be a defect or is there a way to fix that problem?
how come the size of this particular s34 is far bigger than of other s34?
What is the pattern on the back side of the tiles?
does this set come with pushers
How many Jokers &amp; Flowers &amp; Winds are included in each set?
If the bambo and dot tiles are not all of the same color is it confusing for a beginner instead of having all bam tiles green to have a mixture of red/green?
Are the tiles embellished?
Someone asked if pusher are coloured and the answer was yes. Here it looks like the pushers are clear.
Do the pushers fit in the case?
I am seeing different answers! Are the tiles engraved and measure 1-3/16x7/8x9/16? Can u attach the pushers to the racks then put them in the case?
what are the tiles made of?
There seems to be conflicting answers to the same question. Do the black trays that store the tiles also have clear lids on them????
size of tiles?
do the pushers fit in the mah jongg box....is the box large enough to hold them as well
Is the case spacious enough for putting away the set after using
Do the character tiles have numbers on them?
Are the tiles engraved? Or are they just stamped/printed?
How much does this set weigh?
Are the tiles the standard white ones found on other sets?
does it come with how to play book?
Is the case leather
what color is the tiles?
Does it include racks? Would the case accommodate 20" racks? Thanks
Is the map case made of wood or thick cardboard?
Does it come with the game card combinations? If not where can you get it and what's the cost?
Can you get this set with Ivory Tiles?
what color are the tiles?
What is the material/construction of the world map case? Do you feel it will hold up to use?
Are the tiles engraved?
What is the size of the tiles?
Do the pushers fit in the case with the tiles and racks?
are they fake?
Are they poseable?
They are fake dont buy The price is supposed to be 30 and up. CHEAPER ones are fake this is a clear scam DO not buy at all costs
Can I take the cover off and put on this: HPI Racing 17505 Subaru Impreza WRC 2004 Body, 200mm ?
Is the motor brushless, or brushed?
What battery type does this use? (I assume it comes with some sort of wall charger)
how long it lasts Battery
Is this car a good purchase for an 11 year old?
This item is a brand new unopen box ??
does it come with a carger and grip tires
What kind of battery does this use?
can i charge a lipo battery with this charger
what do i need to make it brushless?
I just got this for my bday. I'm an RC Noob. Can this drive on hard dirt (as opposed to muddy or loose sand like dirt), or will dirt destroy it?
does it come with a charger
Is the RC 540 motor in this car Brushless? If so..is there any difference between the KV 3300 Brushless motor and the RC 540?
comes with rc
How fast
does it come with a battery and charger?
can I customize it and make it how I want it? to make it even better for drifting and racing ?
Will it mark up wood floors if I drift it inside?
how fast dose it go.
will the velineon system fit in this?, along with the traxxas 2075 servo, and the rustler waterproof reciever box?
does it include a battery and charger because i didn't see it listed or do you have to purchase it separately
if i buy two, would i be able to play both of them at the same place without having control problem?
if you dont want to drift, what tires or wheels should i get to drive it like a normal car?
dose it came with the remote control?
and does it come fully asembled with the remote
Does it have a lot of aluminum and is it durable
Is it good for a basher and is it 4x4
does it use batteries if not what
what % of nitro should u use
do u have to break in the engine or ready to go
Does this model have a two speed tranny
how fast does it go ?
it comes ready to run?
Hi we purchased this car for my son for Christmas and he has yet to be able to play with because it will not start. What do we need to do? He has not been able to even see the car start up and go.
how many gears does this car have? Is there a warrenty?
What is this car's top speed?
Same question here... what else do I need to get with this to be a complete ready to go car?
Hey, I really liked your review. I was just wondering, does it come completely ready to run? Thanks.
Can you fly two of these choppers at once in the same room?
Im planning to buy this to do sea rescue missions is this capable of manourving over water and if it hits the water will it be permantly damage or i c
How can I get a wall charger for this item?
how small are the gears?
How many pieces come in this set?
I subbed for preschool and they LOVED this (bucket). I wonder if it will seem like too young a toy for a Kindergartener. What's the upper age range?
for what age is it appropriate?
Does this toy come with a storage box or container?
Does this toy require batteries?
Can anyone tell me the diameter of the hole in the middle of each gear? Wanting to use screws in the middle to create a play wall for young baby.
What age group
what age is this for
Does this product contain toluene? TIA...if not I need a statement from the company in order to ship to Chile
I'd like to get Rush Hour for my daughter who just turned eight. I can't decide if I should get the "Jr" version or the regular one? Thoughts?
Do any one know if I can get a piece replacement??? with out having to buy a whole set??
Is this game only for one player?
Would either this or the Jr. set be fun for a 3 yr old? My son is smart, but not sure if this would be too tough. Other game suggestions??
What are the differences between this version and the jr version? Is it just the instructional cards? Can those be bought separately?
Any difference between this set and the Brain Fitness version, other than colors and the brain fitness version comes with 80 puzzles instead of 40?
My son is turning 6 and pretty good at logic/puzzle things. Would you recommend this set or the JR one?
Is this a good game for kids with Asperger's? My nephews, 8 and 10 years old are on the autism spectrum &amp; I wonder if this game would be appropriate
is it ok for 15 year old
Instructions on Rush Hour Traffic Jam Game: Could someone tell me if this game has instructions in Spanish as well as English?
what is the size of the mat for this game -
What is the size of the mat for this game? Is it 10.7x10.5 feet?
Is this the twister that has the heavier of the two mats in it? the newer ones has a thin made mat..
Is this original twister or the newer version with the 2 extra moves?
Can cards, are they in color OR not.???? Did you have plastic ou box container for the card ???
What is the difference between Deluxe pit, classic pit, and the pit card game?
What is the minimum amount of players??
age
Why do you need a bell?
what are the commodities?
What commodities are on the cards in this Deluxe Pit version?
Woud 7 be to old for this
What ages is it recommended for?
How do you get the cash register to work? I can open the cash drawer but since December the 25th after buying the cash register cant turn it on.
Does it come with the play money?
What do I do if the calculator stops working since it is solar powered?
Does this cash register require batteries?
Does this have scanning function?
does it take batteries
can i see all the learning resources pretend &amp; play toys
Where or how do you order the optional Scanner? How much is it? Is it on Amazon.com?
Is this the classic game or the new version with the spinner and sexy fairies?
Is this a Hasbro product?
What are rules for the two squares on a card? Have lost the rules. Thanks
rules for playing. Mine have disappeared. Thanks
Does this game have Queen Frostine??
says there is a small ball included. what is the ball for??
Is there anywhere to order the old school version of this game? I'm 30 years old and I remember playing one when I was a kid.
how to play the game mouse trap
how does this verson differ from one 30 years old?
What is the age group for using this game?
What is the difference between the regular and the collectible versions?
How can I order spare parts as we have lost some and the game needs all the pieces in order to work!
Can one person play this game
can i play this game if im 12 years old?
How is this game
is it appropriate for 5 year olds?
Is Rat-A-Tat-Cat card game just for children or is it also a game for adults?
Is THERE'S A MOOSE IN THE HOUSE and SLEEPING QUEENS, and RAT A TAT TAT all the same?
In which country is this manufactured?
What age is this appropriate for?
Dimensions please?
where is this made?
dimensions
how big is it
Trying to find same panda that I wanted to buy in Shanghai Pudong airport for 350 yuan. Is this the same brand? Mine had red paws with "Love" written
What did Aurora use to stuff the bear?
Hi there, i'd like to ask how much Shipping to Singapore is?
Are it's hands and feet sewn together?
Is the battery included upon arrival?
Can this set be used on the fridge like the other one?
Is it possible to buy the magnets for the board separate? We lost all of the ones that connect to the gear on this board, but have some fridge ones.
Would it work as a travel toy, on a car ride?
batteries
What age range is this appropriate?
How do you get the ants?
I have ordered two of these and neither one had a voucher for the ants. What should I do now?
This page says "2 AAA batteries required." Umm, for what?
do they live in sand or gell?
There is one set of dimensions next to the picture and another set in the Product Details. Any idea which is correct?
The description includes 4 antports, but unlike the smaller farm the image doesn't appear to include them. Does the giant farm include 4 antports?
how big is the farm?
does this already come with ants? how long does the farm last?
Amazon sells an "ant farm" and a "giant ant farm" ...how big is the giant one? (not the box it comes in!)
Does the chalkboard work well. Some really don't and I want one that works well with chalk. Thanks.
Easel Pad: Does anyone out there know where to purchase additional easel pads for this product?
Is this magnetic for the letter and number magnets?
Where is the Classic Red Wagon made?
What are the specs: measurements/dimensions and weight
Where is this Radio Flyer wagon made??
is it assembled
What is the load weight capacity?
Hello. Does anyone know the exact length of the handle, measured when horizontal? Also, it says "steel tires". So they don't need air? Thanks.
The pictures are of a wagon, but the description is for a tricycle. This is a wagon?
Can i fit both my 2 year old and 5 year old? they're small boys. thanks!
Do the wheels have ball bearings?
How did you decide on this metal wagon vs wood one?
are butterflies separate purchase?
how many times should I feed the butterflys a day
What is the size of the habitat included with this kit?
My grand children are in Vermont and there's a lot of snow right now. Warm weather won't come for a month and a half. Would the butterflies survive?
What is the best way to attach the cocoons on the cup lid to the inside of the butterfly habitat?
Is the top a zippered top?
Dead or alive? Received my caterpillars, but they aren't moving.They are just sitting on the side of the cup in silk. They don't fall off when I gently turn the cup. Are they supposed to be active? ** Update. They don't move a lot, but all 5 of my...
Do the vouchers for the larve have an expiration date
What kind of butterflies hatch from the chrysalis?
I wanted to ask if one has to pay additional shipping fees AFTER/IN ADDITION to paying the $5 for the caterpillars to be delivered.
What are the dimensions that this box comes shipped in?
How did you decide on this wood wagon vs metal one?
How do these tires compare to the air-filled ones? What is your preference?
What do you prefer-classic plastic tires or air filled rubber tires?
How many children (18 m - 36 m) can fit in this wagon?
what is the weight limit for the wagon?
How tall is this when it is assembled? I want to know if it will fit in my sedan trunk.
what is the age range to play the accordian for children
Is this a good size?, It seems to say about 8" wide which doesn't seem very big
what is happening regarding people getting the hohner instead of schlling?
is there a difference between left handed and right handed accordions?
can it hit sharps, flats can you make chord out of the independent notes
Does it have volume control?
hOW BIG IS IT???
Does it matter if your child is a right or left handed when buying this accordion?
buttons push out fast?
Is each state a puzzle piece and are the pieces made of wood?
does the puzzle back/base have outlines of each state to assist in puzzle assembly?
what is the total size of the puzzle?
What are the colors of the states attempting to identify?
Does each piece have a knob on it for handling it?
Does the puzzle pieces have the capitols identified?
what size are the pieces
What are the dimensions of this puzzle? Would you be able to place in a display case when completed?
What do the symbols mean? We are using this puzzle with students and do not know what all the symbols stand for.
What are the dimensions?
what are the dimensions?
What size is the bed?
Does a four inch doll fit on the bed?
Is this tent a "pop up" version? How easy is it to put up or take down?
Anyone know if this would sleep a 5 and 4 year old comfortably? Indoors of course. Thx.
How big is it?
Is there a flap that comes down to cover the port hole or is it always open?
is the bottom of the tent floor made with just the tent fabric? if placed on wood floor need to insert padding if the kid is to sleep inside?
does it fold up and store easily?
Is this tent treated with flame retardants?
Does this tent have flame retardants?
How does the tunnel connect to the tent....Velcro??
Are the tent poles cheap plastic that bend to the point of deforming and become unusable after several uses like most??
Will it fit in a regular sized suitcase for traveling?
Does the tent keep mosquitoes out?
what are the dimensions of the tent
is this a pop up tent or do I have to "put it together" ?
Can this be used as a travel crib for just a few nights?
up to what age is this tent appropriate?
Some of the other color schemed Lil Nursery tents advertise a 1 1/2" pad for the bottom/flooring that is removable. Does this one come with that pad?
I am confused it says choking hazard not for children under 3 years but it is designed for 6 months to two year old children?
Is this tent actually UV protected? Will it block my 2-month old from the harsh summer sun?
Can I set this on a hard surface, or is it meant for the beach? I'm thinking of the hard cement at an outdoor pool.
Could someone who is color blind participate?
Can one person play this game?
how many can play?
What is its shipping packaging? Someone I know has a "Set" game in hard (brittle) plastic. This could be a problem if I wanted to ship it overseas.
Is there a deck of 80 + cards? Is there a board?
how do you play this
How many people can play?
Does this come with instructions in German?
I have this game from many years ago and the cards are very stiff and difficult to shuffle. Is that still the case?
Does it come with a plastic case?
How does this compare to Phase 10 card game? It sounds kind of similar.
Are this plastic coated
What is the difference the one priced at $15.52 and the one for $9.02?
What ages?
Which batch of cards are these? The flimsy ones where the lamination separates or the good sturdy ones?
After a player goes out, can the following players lay down whatever sets or runs they may have (without going out)?
The first game I bo't from SET were terrible quality. The next was from a Canadian CO &amp; very good quality. Which are these?
Can two people play and still have fun with it?
What size are the cards? Are they poker size or bridge size or a unique size.
Would I be able to play this on a plane or does it require more table space?
can I purchase more game chips
What age for children?
What size is the board?
Can you cross over one sequence using one of the chips in the first one to make the second? Or... can you create a second sequence by adding one on?
Metal or cardboard box?
If you make a sequence that contains more than five counters do you have to nominate which five are the sequence. Can one counter be removed
Who is Bill Barrett who endorsed the game?
Do you need to play in teams if there are 4 people playing? I noticed that the game comes with chips in only 3 colors.
is this the math version? Addition, subtraction?
What is the max number that can play the game at one time? Can't see it on the online picture of the box.
Is there a good place to break for dinner? Or can one of the four rounds be played while dining?
Who are the characters?
Does this game come with a CD or cassette tape?
Is there any inappropriate content for 12 and 13 year old girls?
Does the murderer know who he/she is at the beginning of the game?
Can any of the male parts be played by a woman (we have 5-3 mix
Finishing Directions: Can anyone help???
How can I get more loops of the same colors that came with this loom?
how do you finish the potholder?
Can you use fingers? How old are children when they do this?
How do you keep the loops on as the tension starts to loosen?
What is the recommended age?
Can these loops make a functional potholder, or will they melt when exposed to heat?
is it metal or plastic?
how big is the tent itself
Would this work on the beach? Can it be anchored to the ground, and is the top all mesh or does it have some opacity to block out the sun?
Does the tunnel have velcro on it to attach to another tunnel?
Is this tent and tunnel orange, green, and blue? or will some other color tent arrive?
How long is the tunnel? One place it says 4 feet and another it says 6 feet.
This listing mentions "colors may vary." Can anyone expand on additional colors received?
What are the ages is the game for?
are the cards made of plastic? If not, how do you clean them?
is it fun to play alone?
how many players?
is there a special dictionary that has only words used for quiddler?
what are all the parts the game comes with?
does it help with developing spelling skills
What is the youngest age that can play this game?
What is the difference (besides the cost) between this game and the Quiddler card game?
How many people can play?
Can you purchase extra decks of cards for this game?
Hello do we get the cards and the chips also
What is the size of the mat?
I need new sequence playing chips I have the board and cards where can I get just the chips?
Is this just the mat or does it come with 1 deck of cards and chips?
I need a new set of cards for the game. Do you know how/where to buy another pack?
Do the chips and cards come with the jumbo sequence tube game
Does the mat lie flat?
where do you get replacement pieces for the jumbo sequence game
What is the difference between the jumbo box vs jumbo tube mats?
Is the jumbo mat cushioned?
The playing chips of the Jumbo Sequence are the same (shape and colors) as the ones in the orginal sequence game?
what's the shipping cost on this item?
What's the shipping cost on this board priced at $32.49?
what size is the board?
Is the playing mat made of fabric or paper ? And whats the size of the mat exactly?
What is the difference between sequence and Delux sequence?
How many chips of each color are included? In the standard ed. there are fewer red chips than blue and green, limiting red to 3 player/team games.
Can I buy the board separately?
What do you know about Jumbo sequence
What is the size of the board?
Can it be played by just two players?
The cards include Jokers. How do you play the Jokers?
is this a jumbo addition
What are the dimensions of the mat when open?
Is the mat the same as in the Jumbo game?
Monopoly vs CASHFLOW: I am hoping to hear from people who actually HAVE, or have PLAYED: Monopoly and the adult version of CASHFLOW Besides price, how do they compare?
Is it the classic board game?
I am looking for the really old version of Monopoly, where Luxury Tax was $75 and Income Tax was 10% or $200. Is this that version?
can i get it in Ukrainian?
does it have the money bag token?
Is anyone using this on windows 7?
Is this the one with the new kitty piece?
How many players can play for this version?
I just purchased a Mini Mac and i want to add some games such as Monopoly, Scrabble, Chess Titans . How do I purchase games for the MAC ?
Do you need to use the CD that comes with it or can you just read the scripts?
Do any affairs take place between the characters? How sexually explicit is this game?
Would a "great gatsby" or flapper style party decor go well with this game?
Is it meant for seven guests and one host, or eight guests and one host?
Is initial dialogue exactly scripted, or are players presented with bullet-pointed info and suggestions of questions to ask?
WHAT ARE SOME OF THE CATEGORIES
is this the original game or the recently updated look game. I am looking for the old version
Is this scattergories the original or the newly revises. I am looking for the orginal. with the electric timer not the new versions
Scattergories at Target: Can anybody find this at Target for $13.49 in stores?
Is this version really in Spanish? It doesn't have anything in Spanish in the images or description. I need Spanish for my classroom.
I just got this for my grand kids, the box says Adult. I don't see adult on the picture here. Will this be inappropriate?
Is there a range of ages this game is recommended ?
Does the newer version have new words?
yes how do u play it
It's not really limited to 18+ is it? What age does this work for?
Is this product similar to the one used on Jimmy Fallon show? Do you know how large the word bank for this game? Some reviews indicated this game has limited words and after a few hours of playing, it recycles the words.
how many come in the barrel? Thank you!
Hey. I want to order the product exactly the same as the picture, Yellow Barrel, red Monkeys. Is this possible?
I need Barrel of Monkeys in YELLOW. Do you have any?
Are the monkeys red?
cranium balloon lagoon
There are 4 holes on the barrel...what are they for?
Will this be the original version as pictured or will it be the new "fire and Ice" version? want the old one!
Is this going to be the orignial version? Otherwise I will look elsewhere.
Is this game as pictured (i.e. classic sorry with 16 game pieces) or is it the 2013 version with 12 game pieces and some super power discs?
I am still confused. is this the original sorry version? that is the one that i am looking for.
Can this game be played with only two players?
is this the game as the original sorry game board that has a green board and solid 4 pawns of each color? and are the cards played the same way?
Is this the original version? I saw two recent reviews wherein the purchaser said the version was the new one with fire and ice
are there 16 game pieces or 12?
I am really confused after reading the questions and answers...Is the Sorry game fulfilled by Amazon the original version or the new version?
is it dumb
Is this the 25 piece game or the 9 piece game
Description says 25 pieces, but picture shows nine. Which one are you getting?
why so expensive
is this the classic game with a cup or the newer version in the red and black box
Is this a complete set?
How many score cards does this come with?
is it okay to add up the top, or bottom to determine where to put a certain roll?
does it come with the plastic holder to roll into and hold the dice
Does this come with any directons?
There is a Prop 65 warning for the product. Anyone know what ingredient it is for? TIA
Dumb question..is this too messy for a 17 month old? I know he plays with it in daycare, but I haven't seen the after affects:)
how many come in this case?
Large cans of play Doh
Can you please list the ingredients?
Is this the extra elastic type which does not dry out so quickly?
2 years
What size marbles does this set use? Are they the 5/8 marbles?
My daughter is 10, but this looks like something she'd really enjoy. Is this too young for her?
Is this set compatible with the Haba marble sets? (Are the blocks the same size?)
I am in search of an uncommon continous system like a rocking reverse hill or windup. Can anyone help?
Where is this toy made?
Does anyone have it in black?
Can I specify the color I want to order? I need a red one!
What are the dimensions of the Plastic Slinky Jr.?
does this turn? it says limited radius, but from pics it looks stationary.
Has anyone used this with a 12 month old?
how many pieces to put together?
Are the wheels made of hard plastic or are they rubber?
is the seat adjustable for toddlers to use as they get older
Do the front wheels turn?
Is mine defective? We can't snap the handlebars on?
Does it perform well outside on the sidewalk?
whats the weight range?
age group
How many can play?
Is there a host for the game? If so, is he one of the 6-8 people?
does this mystery have scripts like Taste of Wine and Murder
costume suggestions and character descriptions please- I don't want to have to look in the player character book for a description of the characters?
Is it appropriate for teen agers
Is there a specific time setting for this game? Could I set this game during the 1920s to turn it into a costume party?
Is the CD mandatory to use for the dinner party or can we do it without the CD? (We did Murder at Mardi Gras wiithout the CD in the past)
who are the 2 characters with smallest parts for the host/hostess
Is the murderer always the same?
I seem to have misplaced the host instructions and police report. Can I still play the game without it??
Does this game come included with a cassette tape or a CD?? The product description and amazon.com descriptions conflict.
Is this for 6 players with 2 extra characters?
Can you describe the characters (gender would be very helpful)?
how long did it take to play
Can I play this more than once or would I know who the killer is if I wanted to play again?
Description of A Taste of Wine and Murder
Can you play this effectively with only 5 people
We have 11 people, can we make this work?
Why would you say it is labeled "18 and older"?
A character sheet for one of the main characters has been lost. Is there a way to replace it without buying a whole new kit?
has anyone figured out how to fix the steering wheel issue of it not locking in and keeps popping out?!
What is the appropriate age of child for this toy
how can I get replacement wheels
Is there a canopy or sunshade that can be purchased for this?
unable to get the stearing wheel to stay in place my 1 yr old grandson seem to always pull it out
Can my 8 month old use this
Is it easy to turn?
can the child push themselves in this with their feet? deciding between this and the little tykes push and ride racer.
Is it easy to remove and connect the handle so it can store in the trunk of a car?
What are the dimensions? Can it fit in the trunk of a Honda Civic?
is it developmentally appropriate?
Is this product latex free?
does it come from china?
Is this toy BPA free?
Would this toy be good for a 4 month old? She is just learning to sit up and roll over and I'm looking for Christmas ideas.
What age level
Is this toy CE?
what is the difference between frustration free packaging and standard packaging?
Is this suitable for 1 year olds, or too easy for 1 year olds? What is the maximum age that a child will still play with this toy?
Had it been any review in good housekeeping magazine or daily newspaper?
Are these gears motorized?
Do these gears work with the "Gear Gears Gears" sets?
Are these magnetic so they can go on a fridge?
how do you purchase additional pieces for this set? what is the 'expandable pack' called? or do you just purchase this exact set again?
Is this a new toy with a sealed box?
Is this a magnetic set that would work on the fridge?
Does the baby come with it?
Is there some trick to get the wheels to roll so it will pop? It came without any directions so I'm not sure if it's defective or what. Help!!!
For a 11-month just starting to lear to walk, will it tip over easily when he tries to hold onto it as a support to walk?
Will this toy "pop" on tile floors?
Does it come in a box or open packaging?
Does this toy work well on hardwood floors?
Can it be taken apart....handle removed for packing in my luggage?
Why are the Crayola Crayons manufactured today, not as vivid and intense in color as the original crayons made 60 years ago?
does it have a sharpener
are there REALLY 120 different colors?
Are these suitable for a just-turning-four child, or should I buy fatter crayons?
does this set include true basic and classic primary shades? true red , true blue, ect? I purchased a set of 64 Crayola crayons and it only has off shades of these colors.
is it the original 120 core colors as pictured? if they don't ship in one box, they shouldn't picture that way.
is color good
Does it have Atomic Tangerine?
Are the pencils standard size or do I need a two hole sharpner?
How long are the pencils?
does it have the color sand?
can anyone recommend a sharpener for these? buy this one? don't buy that one? kind of answer.
how you guys compare those color with the one on the target store are the same ones
Could you recommend a good pencil type eraser/blender for art work?
Does this box come with a sharpener in/on the box?
do they come sharpened?
Is the Etch A Sketch actually made in the USA? I read that Ohio Art moved manufacturing to China in 2000 laying off over 100 American workers.
What is used to "draw" on the screen? chalk?
age range
how big is the screen?
Does this Etch A Sketch have a spell-checker?
what is your opinion of this prduct
what is your opinion of this prduct
How do you erase your lines?
new product packaging?
Can I purchase this inModesto, California or Wal-Mart or Target
I see this game is great for kids, but I have a 14 and 11 year old. Is it a game that is appealing to the older child and adult?
Could this game be easily adapted for 5 players instead of 4?
Too easy for fourteen year old?
Is this game fun for just one player? My grandson is 9 and likes puzzle games, but would this be fun for him to play even by himself?
Does the game come with the wizard pieces?
Does this edition of the game come with the cool wizard figures like shown in some pictures or the generic colored cylinder pieces?
ok for five year old
It really works for just two players?
what is the average playing time for 3-4 players?
are you permitted to move your piece, then shift the labyrinth or must you shift labyrinth, then move your piece?
Can I use these on WhiteBoards?
How are these for writing? Kindergarten school supply list said "fine line" washable markers. Are these "fine" enough for writing?
can they be used to outline and make designs for facial hair?
How "Washable" are these markers? Will it come out of carpet?
the description online says "Set contains 20 different colors with 20 different scents" but the picture of the product says 5 different scents.
Do they come in bigger pack (instead of 20) for same size markers?
What are the names and scents of the 5 silly scents markers in the Crayola 20 pack or super tips?
Are these the same size as the "fine" markers?
does this figure fit in the anakin skywalker podracer
how tall is this action figure
how tall is this action figurer
Does this work for Caterpillar dump truck model # 78656-9993?
What are the amps for this battery?
Is this the correct battery for the Fisher Price Harley Davidson ? Not sure of the year, but it is blue with a black seat, black saddle bag?
will this fit a 2001 Kawasaki dirt bike model #73600-9997
Will this work in a Lightning McQueen Power Wheels car?
Will this work with the disney francesco? It says 6v, but the battery i have, dont fit?
Does this battery work for fisher price cadillac escalade?
Does the battery come with the charger to recharge the battery?
Can this be used as a replacement battery for the Disney Princess Mini Quad?
Does this battery come with a wall charger?
Please clarify, Is there 27 or 28 blocks in this set? Thank you.
How many blocks are there?
I'm using this as a table display as well as a gift, and need multiple letters of A and B, will two sets give enough letters?
Do you also sell this with lower case letters?
what are the dimensions of the bag? thanks.
when will you sell hindi blocks on Amazon
what is the wood these blocks are made from?
Hi, I want to purchase this item for my grandson who will be 7 mos. old at Christmas time...the recommended ages are listed differently..
how many of each letter are there? we want to spell a name out
can the wagon be purchased separately?
It says..."Made in the USA or imported"... What the &amp;4%2 does that mean?
What is the tuning for the strings?
what songs are featured
can it be played with a hammer instead of plucked?
could a 5 year old use it?
What's the difference between the Music Maker Lap Harp and the Music Maker Zither?
Where is it manufactured?
How is the zither different from the lap harp?
In what country are these harps made in?
Is there a teaching guide for beginners?
Where can replacement string be purchased?
Does it show the states?
Are geographical features (mountains, etc) raised on this globe?
How current is this globe? Is south Sudan shown as separate from Sudan (2011)? Please do not submit an answer if you don't know. Thanks!
Is the stand sturdy and does the globe stay on it? A review is negative on the stand, but that review is from 2001.
Reviews can be so conflicting. Is the stand flimsy or is it good?? Was it made in US or was it made in China?
I received it today, but some area of the surface is bumpy. defective? or what does it mean, big mountain ranges??
Does it show currents of the oceans?
hi does it show Luxembourg?
Are the US States in different colors and does the States show more than just the capitols ?
Is this globe itself plastic?
Anyone know the difference between the Beginner set and the Super Set (other than the number of pieces)? Thank you!
Where are these manufactured?
best age
I just bought this for my 4 year old grandson for Christmas. I tried it out but can't get the bases to snap together. What am I doing wrong?
Does this come with a base or should a base or bases be purchased separately?
7 1/2 years old too old? Would he be better off with M-Gears, or, if he's happy playing with these and wants them, should I go ahead with regular Gears?
Where are they made ?
Nervous this won't be challenging enough for 7 year old...anyone have 7-8 year old who loves it?
This would be a 3d birthday gift for a a 3-year old boy. Is it safe with a with his 1-1/2 year old brother?
Can this be (easily) cut into smaller pieces?
Is this compatible with Mega Bloks Junior blocks? My daughter has a ton of them, but no base, and I can't seem to find a base in mega bloks.
Need to place this on top of a regular lego table. Will this work? My son is only 2 and needs the Duplo set.
Do mega bloks from toys r us fit?
Waht is that proposition 65 warning on the product description? It says it may contain lead? how can it have lead if it's plastic?
Can I also use Lego 10508?
Will this work for regular legos?
Would this be compatible with the Mega Blocks First Builders set?
Can I also use Lego 10508?
Does it work for Lego duplo?
does this work with super hero series?
does this work for the Lego Friends series?
Does it work on Lego Junior Sets?
Are these plates for the Lego Duplo (626) or Lego for older kids (628) sets?
Can I use duplo blocks on bottom and attach this to the top . I want to make a cookie stand and want legs to connect to the top. Or is the back just
Will it work with the smallest of the legos
do these work for lego city?
What type of plastic is the lego base plates made of?
Can you overnight this?
Can we use this for Lego Duplos?
How many 'studs' are there for legos to attach to?
duplo and regular legos?
is thi plate #628 made for regular size Legos
Can I attach duplo blocks to the bottom? I want to make a cookie stand and this is the plate. My duplos will be the legs
will it scratch the cars,because I'm very picky picky about that?
does it have 48 individual slots??
Is the case made in China?
i want to know whether the box has cars in it?
what are the measurements of the case
OK...this may be silly but, are Hot Wheels and Matchbox cars the same size? Is there a difference or are they basically the same thing?
I wonder how to contain 48 cars inside here without overlapping among cars. This case has 41 sections to accomodate cars, 36 smalls and 3 bigs.
are the slots big enough for the longer cars?
Wich case of the pictures do you sell?
Can Nascar fit into the Hot wheel car case.
What is the Copyright date on this?
does this have damage pointers?
are these the first generation of pokemons ? like the one in our childhood, speaking as a 22 y/o/ guy. the normal charizard pikachu and stuff.
How many cards are there?
Does this packet comes with a Pikachu card?
Is this a good pack?
What are the dimensions of the wagon?
beach?
Is this wagon all wood? Is it paintable??
How well do this wagon stop suddenly.
What is the wheel base measurement of the Radio Flyer All-Terrain Cargo Wagon? Middle of front axel to middle of rear axel.
Will it fit into the trunk of a regular sudan if I take of the sides?
What are the size of the tires?
does this come fully assembled
I want to get this wagon and make sure custom side panels. Can someone tell me what the opening size is on the metal clips?
WHERE IS IT MADE?
Why do you need refills?
how large is the box?
After a few pumps, the orange base falls apart. Remedy?
Do you think a 6 year old girl would enjoy this?
Would the Stomp Rocket Led Refills work with this??
how much force is needed to stop on the pad? I am planning on using this for science olympiad
Where do I get refills?
would this work if I only had a 4' x 4' open space?
does it glow during the day or only at night
Does it come with a storage bag? I can purchase a more expensive one that says it has a bag, but I think maybe they all do.
Will kids 6 and 7 enjoy these or are they for smaller children?
oops was trying to search questions. my real question is if the paint is lead free?
Can kids hurt themselves with the metal parts? Any sharp edges? I saw one review complaining about the safety of triangle and the two red sticks.
are cymbals included? there is a set in the picture but not the description.
What size is the triangle?
what are the pitches of the instruments? can you tune the drum of the tambourine?
is this item made in the us?
would this be too loud for apartments??
does it need air to be played or do they just press the keys?
How long is it in inches?
can a 10 year old use it
can a 6yrs old kid use this
my son is 6 yrs old , can he use this set or hes too big for it
Would this be too tough for a 2 year old to play?
how much$?
does it come with notes to play?
Is this for indoors and outdoors as well?
Does it come with bean bags?
how big is this carpet
What are the dimensions of this rug? Thanks
Could this be a fun and interest-holding family game with both a 4 1/2 year old and a 12 year old (who's smart enough to beat me at Dominion)?
Would this game be good for a child with Ausberger's?
What is the difference between this version and the other Enchanted Forest game here on Amazon?
I gave this game as a gift for Christmas to my niece and nephew, and a tree was missing from the box. How do we replace it?
what ages?
How many pounds will the seat hold; toddler size?
Does this swing have any type of safety restraint?
How would you recommend hanging this swing from a tree?
How many small womens shirts would it make? I'm having a party with approx. ten ten year olds.
Do you have to use 100% cotton fabric itemsor will it work on cotton/poly blends?
How long does the process take? I want to host a crafts night for my friends &amp; need to know how long they should plan on being there.
Does this come with a color-mixing guide?
Is this a good kit for an absolute non-crafting beginner and can this kit be used to tie-dye socks?
Does this kit include gloves for children (ages 6 &amp; 8) or would those have to be purchased separately?
I am dying tall crew socks... How many pairs should I be able to dye with one kit?
Does the white shirt need to be wet just before applying the dye?
How would I dye for example a denim shirt , I want the top half denim and the bottom pink how can this be achieved?
Hi is everything I will need in the kit?
Would this be considered a good kit for children (ages 6 &amp; 8) to try? Does it come with child-size gloves?
Has anyone had an allergic reaction to this particular kit? My daughter had to go to the ER ater using this one.
do i need to use soda ash with this?
which store can i get a Jacquard Funky-groovy Tie Dye Kit by Jacquard
how many shirts can you get out of this kit?
are the skip-bo cards regular card size or smaller?
If I buy the "Collectible" version, will it be the old white facing cards? My grandmother and I do not like the redesign at all.
How many players can play with one deck?
I need to buy 27 Skip Bo Card Games. What is the difference between the red &amp; blue boxes and the green &amp; orange package?
how many cards in deck
I need to know the Instructions on how to play skip-bo
does the card game include the folding game board?
Can I play a card on another players stack
The picture shown is of the older version of the cards. Is that the version that would be sent with this purchase?
Can this house be taken apart easily once put together? We would like to keep it inside from Christmas until June and then move it outside???
How tall is the inside of this playhouse?
Is there a floor in the play house or is it open on the bottom? If we put it out side in the grass will the grass be in the play house?
I want to know shipping dimensions. Thanks!
Does this house come with a floor? Thanks!
Please tell me the dimensions of the packaged product
I wandering if you could put a play table set inside? I thinking of buying this as a Christmas gift for my to granddaughters. Thanks for your help..
What are the dimensions of the playhouse?
Does this actually have a working doorbell? Every site that I check says something different.
What are the dimensions of the box for shipping? please specify LxWxH.
Description says the N64 comes in the original box, but no pictures of this are shown. Please provide an image of the box, so we may see its quality.
Does the system come with the jumper pack and any games?
I have a Wii U and Nintendo is starting to put up N64 games up on Virtual Console. Should I still get the N64?
does it have av and power cord
dos it come with a game?
How many controllers?
does this nintendo modle work with the expansion pack genaric that u can get on amazon
What would you recommend cleaning the outer surface of the console?
Does Ocarina of Time require the expansion pak?
Is an expansion pak really necessary?
When you receive battery is it already charged or do I need to charge before using??
My battery 640900-SBHF 12v 8ah will this battery work?
I bought this battery. I think it might be the wrong one. The original battery was larger. Did I buy the correct one?
Just arrived today. How long do I charge it on the first time? It didn't come with instructions.
I only need the battery and not the blue case. Some of the numbers don't match - my old battery is DMU 12-12. Can I buy a battery only and use my ca
Does this replace the Yuasa Np12-12 for the Yamaha Raptor 660 Ride ons??
Does this include the blue case?
I just received this battery and it has the same exact connector as my Peg Perego John Deere Gator. In other words the connectors will not connect as they are the same exact thing....not one male and one female. Has anyone encountered this or have any...
Is this battery the direct replacement for the Kid Trax Viper SRT 10 ( KT1045 WM) Riding toy?
does this replace the 12v 12ah battery for barbie jeep
has anyone tried using the umbrella on a push a bike? like the 4 in 1 trike
Has anyone used this on a step2 push car?
Would this clamp onto a car door? I would like it to cover me, while I buckle the carseat.
will this can be used on a stroller ?
Does anyone know if this has any UPF sun protection?
Would this work on my britax b-agile to cover me?
would this umbrella fit on a lawn chair without tearing the chair
How big is it? I need it for my 7 year old when shes riding in her ATW wagon...will it cover her??
I want to clamp this on my car window. Is the whole clamp rubberized (as it looks) or is the part that clamps metal or hard plastic? thank you
Has anyone used chlorine tablets to keep the water clean or does everyone just drain it after so many uses and then clean it?
Does it have a plug?
bpa free?
If I filled this with blankets and pillows do you think two young adult women could fit? My roommate and I want to get one instead of a couch.
How many balls wold it take to fill it to make it a ball pit.
How many inches deep is it?
anyone use it as a ball pit?
Approximately how deep is it?
The inflation points on this are ridiculous. How do you attach any sort of pump to make this work.
Do you have to blow this up yourself or can you use a pump?
what frequency does it work on?
is it appropriate for 21/2 year old?
does it need batteries
Does this toy make noise
does this work on carpet
Is it jumbo or normal size?
Some of the reviews state that the sound effects can be heard 3 rooms away. However, our bus doesn't make any noise. Should it?
What kind of batteries do es it need?
battery
I bought 2 of these cars (school bus and pink bug). They have the same frequency. Is it possible to change the frequency of one of them?
does this barn work for schleich?
Does it fit the Breyer classic or traditional horses?
how big is the barn? do you have measurement?
In the on-line image it shows a pinto over a dun. Is this the set I will receive if I order this set?
How much does the package weigh?
what is scale of stablemates
quality of toy in 2013..........all reviews are OLD dates.
If you buy two different versions of these RC cars (ie. one fire engine and one school bus) will they be on the same frequency?
I want two Kid Galaxy GoGo toys that run on separate frequencies. What do I do?
What is the age for this toy
What kind of batteries does it run on and do both the truck and the remote controler require batteries? Thanks!
what Mhz is the firetruck &amp; police car?
are these kid galaxy trucks made in the usa?
does it go on carpet?
dimensions
hello, I need to know the dimensions of this product Kid Galaxy Mi primera RC GoGo Fire Truck after packaging, thanks
Can I buy just a replacement controller? If so, where?
What color was yours when it arrived?
I have a 3 year old who weighs about 32 pounds. Can't decide between the small/medium. Anyone had issues with it being too big for kids around 33lbs?
what is the sizing perameters?
Can you wear it without the crotch strap?
3 yr old is big (38 in, 38lbs) and chunky thighs. Life vests chaffed. Will this work for her or will she have same issue?
I wish this came with a case but is the box durable enough to repeatedly store the dishes in?
Does the tea pot drip/dribble when pouring? Does the lid fall off when pouring?
where is it made?
how much liquid do the cups hold? and the teapot?
which is the correct teapot size....'Tea Pot measures 3 3/4" tall. Dimensions of Pieces: ......- Teapot: 2.5" tall'
Is there any lead in the set? whether from color or glaze?
How many ounces of liquid can the tea cup hold? 1 inch and a quarter high seems like a very small cup.
Can you put these pieces in the dishwasher?
Hello- It said this was delivered to St. Albans but I don't live in St. Albans- I live in Nitro- and we haven't rec'd the package.
where is it made?
can the cartridges be used without the books?
ac adapter: Is there no Ac adapter that will work with this?
Where can I buy books for the original Leap Pad Learning System
I purchased another book and it does not work on my system. Can the books be changed out?
Does the headphone jack work?
Are there still cartridges available to purchase that are compatible with this leap pad learning system?
compatability with LeapPad2
Do the melissa and doug "chunky puzzles" fit in this?
What is it made of?
Puzzle Storage Material: Is this made out of particle board?
Can you put water in it?
Does it pop easily
what is it made out of?
Does the top inflate separately from the bottom? As in, are there two fill nozzles or just one for the whole thing?
Do you deflate after each use? Or can it stay inflated.
What is the diameter of the toy?
does anyone know about how many balls it would take to fill about half way?
What is the warranty on this?
How long do they last for
Is 200 6inch balls enough to fill this??
is it good for 11 year olds?
I know it says 4-6 players, but can you get by with 3 players?
From my understanding, they write out answers. So, if I play with people I know well, wouldn't I know who wrote what just by the handwriting?
can you play this game with just two people?
What is the age range for this game?
Would this be fun for relatives?
Example of some of the questions please?
Can you play this with more than 6 people? Say, 8?
can two play this game?
What's the difference between the old and new edition?
In the game Kings in the corner do you meld lowest card in your hand or any card that can cause a consecitive run from your hand
It says for 2-6 players, but it shows 8 card positions in the play tray ?
Is this a good card game for adults
Can these be used for a "domino rally" (set them up, knock them down in order)?
dominoes size
How many pieces in double 15?
whats the tile size
How many trains? Hub?
If I ordered this item, would I receive the exact one in the picture? The one in the blue box??
I have two sets of instructions for this set. One sheet says DBL 15 and another separate says 16 domino Game instructions. Is this right?
Where canI obtain replacements. I lost a double eleven?
What are the colors in this set? I am trying to match with another set.
Are these the thicker dominoes or are they really thin?
Are the dominoes made of ceramic or plastic in this set?
Are these dominoes standard or professional size?
Are the dots on these dominos raised or recessed? Thank you.
Do these dominos have raised or recessed dots?
what is the order in which the dominoes are to be played ?
number of tiles for each number
does this game come with the circular hub?
How many trains are included with the set?
How many glass beads come with the set
Does this item come in the box?
whats the color of the beads ? My daughter wants green.
does it come in an iron sleeve?
Does this set come with instructions?
how young a child can play?
at what age?
does it have two games - one is Vegas, the second one doesn't have a name.
what do you do about keys that need some extra push to work?
is this a radica 2000
I acquired a used Radica Big Screen solitaire. Is there a user book with it? How do I turn it off?
does it play vegas
why does it cost so much.
Is it lighted
does it light up
are the suits in color?
Will it only move the last card from 1 column to another or can you move more than 1 card? ....like if you're playing w/ a real deck?
Does it come with $5, $10, $20 bills?
What age
Why isn' there an American currency version?
is this American money?
does this game come with US money or Canadian money?
If I order this, will it come with US currency or Canadian currency? I noticed several reviews stating it comes with Canadian money.
$219 ?????? But what is the meaning of Procell in this case?
What size is screen
Why is the price so high. I bought this same game in Target for $23.00?
using pass mode? How do I do the same thing?
Price: Is this toy really $470???
Availability: where can i buy one for under $40 ?
how big is the play area were the sand goes
Is the lid sturdy enough for a 2 or 3 yr old to climb on top of it while it's closed?
Can this be filled with water and used for a doggie pool?
What are the dimensions of crab sandbox
does it have any drainage in the event the cover get left off during a rain storm
How much sand should I purchase for this?
how does it ship?
Does the lid blow off in high wind or does it snap on? Thank You
How tall is the sand part without the lid?
Does anyone know if the height of the Step 2 Crabbie sandbox (16 inches) is the height with the closed lid or the height of the box ? thank you
What is the finished size of this puzzle?
Is it possible to get replacement pieces--just finished but with one piece missing :( Would like to do again, but I want all the pieces!
Can you tell me how thick / big the puzzle pieces are?
are there more than 1000 pieces in this puzzle?
Who is the artist of this art work?
Does it come with the parachute man?
Can a balloon be able to lift this in the air?
how many do you get
I just ordered one of these and received a bright pink paratrooper. If I order another, can I ensure I receive a green or blue toy?
Has anyone tried shooting one out of a potato canon, riding on top of the potato?
can this be used for a rocket?
How high does it need to be for it to function properly. Would it open if dropped from 10-12 feet?
Does it light-up?
What age is appropriate for this?
Does it come with the parachute man?
How many cards are in this package?
How many can play in a game? Thanks!
Are there instructions in Spanish also?
What size are the cards? Are they standard size or oversized?
Does this set have blanks?
Are those cards made of plastic?
They got four color or two color ?
what happens if somebody has a 4 draw card and somebody else has a 4 draw card?
are these cards for the attack machine
are these yellow cards off color cant see the numbers
Is the doll new and is the MA box included?
Our huggums was soaked in. Well. Poop. How to wash? I don't think surface wash will do the trick in this case.
Age recomendations?
how long is the doll?
Does this doll come in the original packaging?
Can you dress and undress this doll? Put different doll clothes on her?
Where is this doll made?
actual dimensions?
Does this deluxe house have lights that turn on/off? If so, how many and where in the house are they located? thanks!
Does it come with any critters or accessories
Does anyone know the measurement of this toy box? I'm trying to decide if I can bring it with my suitcase in airport
does this fold up or collapse down in any way?
Could this house fit regular size dolls and dollhouse furniture too (smaller than barbie but bigger than calico animals) or is it too small?
Does this include any furniture or critters?
does it include assembly
Where do you have this set up for play time? We now have a mobile baby in the house so we need to move CC in my daughter's room. Is yours on a table?
how big is it
Do the bunk beds fit in the carry and play house
Will these work for a 1 inch scale dollhouse?
will the beds fit a 14 inch and 16 inch doll
how long is the bed when measured inside not outside. I wanted to see if it will fit a magic clip doll which is 3.75 inches long, thanks.
what is it made of?
Are they for kid critters or baby critters?
Do the bunk beds fit into the Calico Critters Cozy Cottage Starter Home?
Does the theater come apart for easy storage or does it have to stay together once it's built?
the dimensions
Does the puppet theater have hinges and fold?
Does this collapse all the way?
Dose it glow?
real lits
does it look real?
How big is it?
Does this have sound or just lights up?
just purchased and was wondering if i could specify green as the colour?
What colour is the blade?
Where do you put the batteries. The very end of the lightsaber is sealed closed.
Is this too "babyish" and basic for a 3 year old? Should I go with one of Bruder's other more realistic garbage trucks instead?
The recommended age is 2+, but there is a warning saying that this toy is not for children under 3 years. Which is it?
What is the size?
What is the size?
What is the size
Does this kit come with the caterpillars or do we send for them later? We live in MN and would not do until Spring, but would love to buy before.
I heard they'll best survive in spring? At what temperature should I order the eggs?
After the butterflies are released, etc, could you use this as a bug catcher? My son asked for a giant bug home for Xmas, thought this would be cool.
My son wants to know what colors butterflies like. COuld we put some sort of rainbow made out of paper or paint in the butterfly pavilion?
What do we do with the butterflies if I purchase the Butterfly Pavilion for Christmas and it is cold outside when the butterflies are to be released
Do you think this would be appropriate for 2 y/o girls?
Are these monarch butterflies?
Can anyone tell me - how long does it take from when you receive the caterpillars for the actual butterflies it emerge? Is it about 3 weeks total ?
Can you release butterflys in winter
how is the pavillion different from the Kit? is it worth the extra $5.00??
Would this be a good paint to go along with the air dry clay?
would these work on canvas? thinking of getting them for a kids' painting party. debating between these or acrylics.
Does it wash off easily of walls?
Mine smells very strongly of detergent. Did yours have a similar smell? Just wondering if I got a bad batch... Thanks!
Is this fingerpaint? Could it be used as fingerpaint? Does it wash off easily?
Where are they made?
I'm looking for paint that I can use on my 4 month old's hands to create a monthly handprint project on canvas. Will these be ok for 4 month baby?
can this paint be used on wood? should it then get a coat of polyurethane?
Where is it made and what are the ingredients (if listed)? Thanks
could this paint be used on a bird house that is going outdoors?
Does the Peg Perego John Deere Stakeside Trailer Ride On hitch to this tractor?
Do the front wheel turn by Steering wheel &#xFF1F;
What Box Size &#xFF1F;
what age is it appropriate for?
Do the pedals stay on well and are sturdy?
weight?
can I get a trailor to match ?
Do you know if this pedals forward and pedals reverse?
Are the tires rubberized?
What kind of wagon or trailer can you put on it since it has a big hook to add something to?
Are these washable?
Is there a paper that this works better on than another? Such as smooth computer paper or artist paper or watercolor paper, etc????
Do these dry quickly, or much faster than, say, tempera paint?
Has anyone ever repaired the sponge tips? My kids have destroyed them all.
How do you wash this paint off hands?
Does this come with any sheets of paper or designs to start with? Can anyone suggest paper to buy with this to give as a gift?
Do they work well on fabric?
I would like to buy those and use them on laminated sheets with my kindergarteners. Would it be easy to erase the marker dots or not?
How many ounces is each bottle? Thx
Could these be used to paint pumpkins with in lieu of traditional paint with brushes?
How long is it supposed to take before you see vegetables grow? Can you see the actual vegetables through the acrylic window?
I saw a product on your web site that was similar but was made with wood. Who has that type of see it grow?
do you ship this item in france ?
Is this puzzle made of wood or cardboard?
Does this puzzle have a base or is it for floor only?
Are the fish labeled?
what are the dimensions
What is the country of origin?
Hello- What is the size of each piece of puzzle? Is it good for 2+years old? thank you
What is the size and for what age
Is the base weighted and of decent quality?
Is this a current globe?
Where is it manufactured?
Is this globe made of plastic as described, or cardboard?
Is it lighted from the inside as mine was years ago?
Does this globe have the raised topography?
I know it was asked once, but in case there's a new answer out there: Has anyone tried to push pins into this globe? Thanks!
What is the model number on the 2014 Pioneer Globe?
Does the globe has got light ?
Can you easily see major rivers of the world? Including the river itself and names?
The picture shows six shapes, but the description says 12 pieces. Are there two of each shape pictured or are there 12 different shapes?
what are the 12 shapes
How "tall" are these shapes on average?
what age is this recommended for?
is the entire letter a magnet, or are the magnets attached to the letter?
do you get upper &amp; lower case letters?
Are they plastic?
How many magnets of each number are included in the set?
Are they suitable for a child of 8...
Is the rolling pin solid wood?
Is the rolling pin also included? And what is the age recommendation?
does it fit in a Easy Bake oven
What size are the largest tart pans? It appears the cookie sheet is to large to fit in the easy bake oven.
What material are the baking pans made of?
can these go in a real oven or only a toaster oven?
Are these products compatible with an Easy Bake Oven?
How deep are the tart pans (i.e. how high are they)
Can you use this set in an Easy Bake Oven?
is this a magnet game? thank you
Does the game come with the battery?
What BatteRy you gonna use and how many?
Can you turn the song off? Or does it play row row row your boat the entire time?
are the fish easy to fit in a childs mouth
Can I somehow order replacement fish from you? I would like to replace ones that have been lost.
Is this game musical or not? I have seen conflicting information.
I can't figure out what size battery to use??
Is anyone else finding this pogo stick too stiff for kids to jump with? My husband can get it to bounce and we wonder if it just needs breaking in?
Is it delivered in a box that is an Amazon box and not a flybar box? I am purchasing as a gift and do not want it to be seen.
Does the tip break off
My daughter is almost 10, but she's slim and weighs 55 pounds at most. Will this work or too stiff? If not, what will? Thx.
Would this work for a 18 year old female? Or is it too short?
how high in feet and inches is this?
what kind of air can it get bruh?
How long is it, by itself? I'd like to pack it in a suitcase...
where is this made?
Does this pogo stick / company ship anywhere in Canada??
Why does the rubber tip at the bottom of the blue/red one look different than the other two colors? Has anyone ordered the red and blue one?
weight range
Why does it say foam? Certainly it has to be metal.
can a small size adult (less than 120 lbs) use this pogo stick?
any reason the blue and silver one's list price is 39.99, where the other ones are 49.99? Anything different about the blue model?
My son just got this and it seems to be really loud as he is bouncing... not the landing itself but the spring. does this get better or is that normal?
s there a pogo stick on Amazon that does not have any mechanical safety issues?
Has the problem with the cap coming off the center bar been rectified by the company?
Hello! I just ordered this for my son who is about 55 pounds. He's having trouble jumping on it as it seems really stiff. Does it loosen over time?
Does this product come fully assembled? if not what is the maximum length? I need to fit it in a 29 "suitcase
how many balls would i need to make it a ball pit??
Does this have an inflatable bottom?
How many gallons does it hold?
would this be a good pool for a large dog? (Rhodesian ridegeback)
do you have any pools like this that are vinyl and pvc free?
I am looking for a pool to put at the bottom of my bunnies playpen in. Is this material on the pool chewable or is it plastic and can't be chewed?
How do you empty it?
Would this be a good pool for my Corgi? I want something for her to play and swim in, but afraid this will be a bit too big for her as shes not tall!
How many toddlers can it hold at a time
What is the diameter?
how many gallons does it hold?
Do any of the intex pool covers work well for this 6 feet pool? The smallest pool covers I see are 8 feet diameter.
is the 15 inches deep the height from the bottom of the pool to the very top on the sides? or is that if the pool is filled to the brim?
do you know if the blue is "testors gloss dark blue no. 1111"?
It had been mentioned that there was no green in the box--could dabs of blue and yellow be mixed, or does this enamel dry too quickly? Thanks.
What are the individual colors?
Did anyone consider this wagon versus the Ultimate Comfort wagon? What are your recommendations? I'm having a tough time deciding.
Does this have steel wheels like the description says, or are they plastic like on other wagons?
What is the cu. ft.?
How deep is this? The other RF says it's about 4" deep. Getting it for a one yr old for trips to the park.
What tools do you need to assemble the wagon?
Is the handle on this wagon long enough for an adult to pull it along without having to bend over?
What does this wagon weigh ? I am disappointed Amazon did NOT include that in the description. It's important to me as I have a very bad back.
how tall are the sides?
Do the wheels use ball bearings, or are they just plastic bushings?
How did you decide on this metal wagon vs wood one?
I see several folks were disappointed with the quality of this kit. Does anyone have a recommendation for a high quality kit?
how much does it weight?
Is there a timing gear/chain that turns a cam with working push-rods that move rocker arms that open the valves? Looking to see how detailed this is.
Does it need batteries
Can you disassemble this engine?
what is the recommended age for this product
Is some sort of glue or cement needed to build this model?
is it built already
what is the finished size of this model?
is thls appropriate foir a 16 month old he can stand but not walk yet
Do you have to keep pushing the button to make it turn on or does it stay on until you turn it off?
My 18 month old son is little for his age, but loves to play with my vacuum. Do you think this would be too tall or too big for him?
What size is the light bulb and can it be replaced?
Does this vacuum have a hose?
How many batteries does it take?
Does this vacuum stand up on it's own?
Does this vacuum actually clean/ pick up dirt?
What's the difference between this one and the one that's 19.99?
What size is dirt devil toy vacuum cleaner?
are these cards stiff or readily bendable,and therefer easy to shuffle for arthritic fingers?
Are the cards red or blue?
Can anyone tell me what the dimensions of the box is on a face card?
I need factory marked bicycle playing cards
what is the card weight for this deck? 270gsm/300gsm/310gsm?
If I buy a combination of approx. 2 dozen decks of cards, can you tell me approx. what the shipping cost will be?
do these cards have good stock?
do these cards have good stock?
The picture shows a "stripper deck wich is not a standard. If what you sell is the original poker 808 and does it sya so in bottom on the box?
Can you play with 3 players or it always need to be 4?
Saw this is a toy catalog where it is a bit more expensive, can someone tell me how many stones come with this? did't see in description.
Do the stones come with the board?
Mancala- Square roots? How does the game work?--a teacher: How does it work?
why would hasbro make this
can any one tell me how big the bored is?
oija board spirits and such: hi there.. i was wondering. has ANYONE ever used a ouija board and talked to an entity that refered to itself as Z??
I'm going to have my first session with a ouija board soon with 2 friends. Any tips? Is it scary? How should we keep calm?
does this work
do the pieces have any logos on it?
what are the dimensions of the pieces? appreciate the help :)
How high does the tower stand when all piled up?
What are the wheels made of, plastic or rubber? How is it on hardwood floors?
Is assembly required ? If so, how difficult
What kind of amazing tricks does it do?
Do the front wheels turn?
How high the seat is off the ground? want something my 17 will be able to scoot around with to support his physical therapy for walking issues. . .
Is this supposed to be used inside or outside?
What height is the seating area how tall can the baby be to ride comfortably ?
What height is the seating area how tall can the baby be to ride comfortably ?
Does it steer?
Do you use a cover? What kind? What kind of tarp do you use for the ground? Thx
Do you use chlorine tablets? What kind? A filter/pump? What kind? Do you empty it every time or let it stay up?
How do I inflate the pool?
What kind of air pump do you need to purchase with this pool?
What about salt water? I'm thinking epsome salts.
Could I pump it up with a bicycle pump? (I.e. would the nozzle from a bike pump work in the hole?
is this dog resistant?
Has anyone made a ball pit out of this pool? If so how many balls were used to fill it?
How much bleach is recccmended for this pool?
how much clorine do you put in pool
Are the handle bars adjustable or just the seat?
Are the training wheels rubber or plastic?
My grandson is 3'10" tall and 5 ys. old. Will he be able to ride this bike well?
Does the bike come assembled
Is this bike American made?
Box Inches (L x W x H):??"
What is the height from pedal to seat on the smallest setting?
Thoughts on whether this would fit my (small for his age) 5 year old son with a little room to grow?
Hi there. Beautiful looking bike we just assembled. However, we noticed a significant amount of rust on the back fender.
can a 1 year old ride in this?
i've heard it has a strong smell, rubber/paint. is this true?
Is this wagon stable enough for a baby / young toddler to pull up on without it tipping back?
Is this tall enough for a very tall child? (99th percentile)
The initial description says "Newer Edition Available" is this the newer edition?
compare to haba car wagon?
What is the height measure from the bottom of the wheels to the handle bar? Is it adjustable?
I bought this the other day and it is missing part #601662. Does anyone know where I can find this extra part? Thanks
Is anyone aware of the difference between the Walker Wagon with Standard Packaging (this one) vs the one that is does not list Standard Packaging?
Did anyone rig it so that the adult could pull it too with the kiddo inside (like a traditional wagon)? If so, how?
can you pump up the rody using a regular hand pump, or does it specifically need the one that is sold for it?
What is the difference between this Rody Horse and the racing Rody Horse? I notice a slight difference in price.
Is there an electric pump that would inflate this toy adequately?
How do you get this inflated all the way? I can't seem to keep enough air in after removing the pump.
I see I will get a gift for buying the rody horse, then what's the gift ?
I want to know if all Rody horse toy package has that plastic odor when opening? i just returned one from another seller...
Does the steering wheel inside the cab turn as you steer the loader?
How big is this truck.
do the doors open to the cab so a bruder man can be placed inside?
is this 1:16 scal?
Will the scoop reach high enough to empty into a Tonka dump truck bed, with sides 12" high?
Does this truck move on its own with batteries? if not does anyone know of a construction type truck that does? My two yr old really wants one for his birthday. Thanks!
does this truck move on its own with batteries? if not does anyone know of a construction type truck that does? my
Does the scoop come off?
What size is each piece of this toy
Is this OK for a 1 yr old, or too early? Thanks
is this BPA and PVC Free?
TIdmouth shed and figure 8 set: hello could anyone please tell me how I can connect the tidmouth shed with my figure 8?
What is the assembled size of this set? We'd like to place it on a table that we have and just want to make sure it fits. Thanks!
What is the appeal of Thomas Train sets over cheaper options (like Ikea's $10 figure-8 set)? Are they better quality, or is it the TV show link?
Thomas &amp; Friends trains. Wooden or diecast? Which is better? Wooden or diecast?
Thomas Train Sets - All Battery Operated? Can anyone tell me if all of the Thomas the Train Wooden Railway sets come with battery operated trains?!?
does the ball come with it
one of your answers says it would cover 30 feet; the other answer says it won't; what is the length of the net that connects to the poles? Judi Baldwi
Good day, I'm looking to purchase a volleyball net for a pool that is 30 feet wide. Would the volleyball net you are selling reach 30 feet?
Do you need a pump to inflate the Big Canvas Surf Rider raft if so, what kind of nozzle do you need?
Do I need to pull the air tube out further to inflate? Won't pop up- even when I gripped with pliers. Any instruction would help. Thanks.
How small does it get for packing? And easy to blow up by mouth? Want to take on trip to Mexico.
How thick is this when inflated?
What color is it? Red on both sides or is it one side red and the other blue?
are the grommets made of metal?
Hi, description says both "canvas feel" and "18 gauge canvas bottom". Is it canvas or not?
How much weight does it hold?
I would like to take this abacus apart and put the beads in groups of five. Does it appear that it will come apart easily? Has anyone tried this?
Can you make a custom abacus ? I want one for my sales people to use to count calls ea day for certain products
does thus come with instructions
Does it look like the 1st picture (with white beads in the 3rd row and very light wood frame) or like the 2nd picture (more colorful)?
Are the rods wooden or metal? There are two different pictures and one appears to show painted wooden rods, the other silver...
My dear daughter is an absolute brute with toys - how has this abacus held up?
can I order this as a gift for my grand daughter in US. I am in India.
what are the dimensions of the abacus?
I am looking for 1" wooden beads with a hole in the center that is big enough to slide over a pencil. Would these beads work if I took the abacus apa
How big is it?
Can you buy two Rubik's Snakes and add them together to create one long Rubik's Snake?
how many shapes are there in the hint booklets?
Does this come with instructions on how to make different shapes?
how long is this?
how durable is this? - I read so many complaining it's not durable and breaks easily, then others say it's great.
how long is this?... is this the 15"?
Where is this made? China, USA or other? Would be another reason to buy this one vs. Chinese alternatives :)
Does it require a a bulb to buy?
what batteries does it take ??
Would this be fun to give my 6 year old for a camping trip? It doesn't have to be night vision, but at least work as a flash light.
Do they work as night vision goggles at all?
does it glow in the dark?
First vs. Second Edition: I'm wondering if the second edition is a new game, or just updated packaging?
Game not received: How do I complain to Amazon that I didn't get my Catch Phrase game?
I have 2 of the original Catchphrase games and am looking for a newer versioin. Is there one?
Why is this game $38.97 whereas all the other catchphrases are about $15? What is different about it?
why is this game 38.97 when all the other catchphrases re about $15? What is different about it?
Should I get electronic or board game
What is with Amazon's Toy Prices? "Catch Phrase" is $109??
is this an updated version ?
where can I buy a pen replacement?
How does the pen 'retract' - the instructions say "Turn the cord reel dial counter clock-wise to tuck the cord into the base of the globe" - where is the 'cord reel dial counter' located??
Does it speak english
Where can I get directions
batteries
How's the battery life? Can you use an AC adapter?
where is the ac power adapter sold for it?
Leapfrog Explorer updates? Can the globe receive updates???
how big is the globe
What color is it?
what is size?
The combination doesn't seem to be working and the keys are inside. Was there some magical sequence before turning to the single number combination?
I just purchase 3 petty box, I just want to make sure is red colour.
Is this heavy so it can't be tipped over easily?
I'm having trouble getting the wheels on this toy. Any tips?
how tall is this shopping cart?
Is this as pictured with the yellow base and the red cart (with the teddy bear sitting in it) or as in the video with the Cozy Coupe base?
Does it come in one piece or is assembly required?
Do the wheels work okay on hardwood or laminate floors?
It gives me a warning that it contains small pieces and isn't recommended for a child under 3. What are these small pieces they are talking about?
What are internal basket dimensions?
Does this come with the foods?
Do the front wheels turn, allowing toddlers to make turns. Or are they fixed so they can just go back and forth?
What does it mean "yellow or red, blue or green, black or white?" Looks like all these colors.
Can I paint metal with it?
does this set come with paint thinner
Do they leave any brush marks when Dry
would anyone recommend this for painting magic cards or other trading card game cards?
Is the red, yellow, green and blue metallic or solid?
Can this paint be baked and be used to paint onto ceramic mugs?
Will this paint be good with the Titanic Plastic Model Of Revell?
Can I paint lead fishing jigs with this kit?
well this work on fabrics
What is the size of the saucers and cups? How many pieces come with it?
Is this set washable? How well will the paint stay on?
Is it big enough for tweens to use?
what is the height of the cups?
will it mess up if you bake it after you paint it?
does it come with darts?
heavy
Can I mount this in an aluminum cabinet?
I want this board to go in my newly paintedfamily room. Do you think I will be ok to use steal tips with board in a cabinet or will this board work with soft tipped darts? Will they work as well? I want it to be fun and functional but would like to...
how do you mount this dart board you didn,t send any instructions ..i have the hardware but im lost as how to mount it and where ...help me please
Does this come with the mounting hardware?
I am teaching grandkids to throw darts. Ages 6 and 5. Do soft point darts have to be thrown harder than steel tip darts to stick?
how do I hang the Viper Shot King on the wall?
Are there a lot of bounce out with this board. Some reviews on this board dont do it justice so im curious.
Does anyone have any idea how much these darts weigh?
How long is the track? Tommy the train is 9 feet. I would like for it to be at least that long.
age
Do the track pieces stack for storage?
Can I buy more pieces to make it even longer and fun'er :)
Thinking of purchasing for two boys, ages 3 and 6. Will the older one enjoy it?
does it scratch hardwood floors?
What is the weight limit on this toy? Will my 8 year old be able to use it also?
does the roller coaster need battery?
Looking @ this &amp; larger version. my son is only 15mo - worried he will out grow this one in a year+, thoughts on age when kids would want bigger one?
Does this product contain toluene? TIA
does it come with 2 teams, or do I have to order them?
Is the frame plastic or metal?
It mentions all 32 NFL teams available. I can't seem to find any links for those. Can you help me with that?
Do bases come with this set?
Does this game come with players or do you order them too?
I am looking looking for a Thomas the Train carrying or storage case for the TrackMaster trains and their attached cars. Any ideas or suggestions?
Will this case work for wooden trains or just metal ones?
thomas train carrying case: Suggestions?
How many trains fit? We have a large collection and need to be organized &amp; keep from getting scratched up.
The website stated this: E-Mail with preference or design shipped randomly. Who do you email on preference? Order placement didn't have that option
what are the measurements?
Are the hats removable?
I have read that other ducks on Amazon take in water and then float on their side and are impossible to remove the water... what about this duck???
How big are they?
Do the ducks come with the hats as in the picture?
It comes with both ducks?
Are these animals 2" &amp; smaller or 2 to 5 inches I need to know?
How many actual animals are included in the bucket, along with the trees, rocks, etc.?
Specifically what animals are included?
How tall at the shoulders are the one of the cows?
Can anyone provide an approx. height in inches on one of the animals??
how large are these animals, bought my son a play barn for christmas and want to know if these will be perportionate
is this 1 or 2? All the photos show 2 but my order only had 1 in it.
weight
I'm confused. Does this come as shown in the picture, the transparent top, multi-colored beams, cup holder and back rests?
does it have a drink holder
can I lay flat on my tummy
what is the weight limit for this item?
Can you lay your head back on this?
Can you inflate by mouth or do you need a pump?
does it leak
Can you lay your head back on this?
Would it be okay for a 12 month old?
What's the difference between this and the other more expensive set? http://www.amazon.com/Melissa-Doug-Be...
There were many, older complaints about paint odor and chipping. Is that problem resolved?
does this have recessed slots for the shapes?
How much does it weigh? I would be sending it to eastern Europe
what are the patterns or images included?
overall size of box?
Hello, is it possible to deliver in France? Cordially
We can't fit it back in the box...any tips?
Will pool hold up if my Samoya get into it to play?
DOES THIS POOL HAVE SOMETHING TO KEEP SIDES UP
Does it need to be installed on a level surface? I have a concrete pad that has a bit of slope, will the pressure of the water push out the side?
I'm looking for a pool for a ball pit. With the sides hold up on this?
Can this be used as a sand box?
Is this a good pool for dogs? I have a Redbone Coonhound puppy and he needs some water to splash in!
can you put a cover on this pool
has anyone used a pool filter with this?
How deep is this pool?
how long is the cord for the filter?
Do I need a pump?
Can I use chlorine tablet in the filter
do you get the holes with the pump ?
Is there anything to do about the top ring turning black?
does this pool come with a pump
can this be used on a Radio Flyer Push n Go tricycle?
Can this be installed on the Radio Flyer Metal Wagon, without a seat?
I picked up a Kettler "Happy Air" on FreeCycle. This particular model did not come with a seat belt. Can this harness be used?
I picked up a Kettler "Happy Air" on FreeCycle. This particular model did not come with a seat belt. Can this harness be used?
I have the Kettler Air Navigator tricycle, will this seatbelt fit on it? Is it compatible with all Kettler tricycles?
Are the holes already on the fold n ride tricycle for the harness to be installed?
Anyone know of a pool cover that would work for this? My child is never near it unattended, so it's not so much a safety thing, but more about bugs!
I'd like to purchase this pool to use at my homebirth. How do you drain it when it's indoors?
How long does it take to fill the pool?
Can I lay my arms/chest over the side without it pushing down and pouring out the water? Will the sides support some weight?
I've purchased this pool already for my home birth. It is larger than I pictured and my only concern is will it retain heat well? Any recommendations?
Do you have to have this pool on a perfectly level surface?
What type of pump do I need to inflate it?
How deep can you make the water? I need to have at least 16 inches of water depth for a project I'm doing.
I bought this pool 2 years ago and loved it. I needed to replace it last year and they had changed the air valves to be like a beach ball when it was inflated they popped open and the floor would not stay inflated. Has anyone got one this year? Have...
Some of the reviews say it doesn't have a plug to drain the water, but those reviews are a few years old. Does it indeed have a drain?
Is this thing cat proof?
Can I put an air plant in it without the water ruining the wood?/will the sand and plant soak up all the water?
Where is the garden kit made?
Can you offer other accessories like mini bonsai, colored rocks, bridges and color sand too?
how big is it?
what are the dimensions
What are the dimensions?
how big is it? dimensions?
What is the overall size?
How big are the shapes? 1 or 2 inches?
This toy pops up in the "made in usa" search- but last i checked all m&amp;d toys are made in china. can someone confirm?
What is the recommended age for this product?
Hello, is it possible to deliver in France? Cordially
Are the pieces made of wood?
What is the date of manufacture for these?
The pictures of this item show three different types of blocks (corners &amp; lids). Which one is the block that will be sent?
Where are they made?
How do you use the sticks to tell how far to go?
What is the size of the sandbox?
Is this sandbox good for a 4 year old? Is this sandbox a good fit for a 4 year old?
Has anyone used this as a kiddie pool? Does it hold water well?
I was wondering what type of sand do parents recommend? Also, where do you rec to buy it and how much sand is good to buy?
Does the lid fit snug and does it stay on during wind?
how many pounds of sand do people put in?
Is this one bigger than the turtle sandbox by little tykes?
What are the dimensions of this sandbox? How is it different form the step two store and play sandbox?
How does this sand box hold up to a New England winter?
What size is the shipment?
bpa?
Is it possible to buy just the rattle toys that fit inside? I somehow managed to lose one or two of them and don't want to buy a whole new drum part.
Do the shapes pass the "toilet paper roll" test?
How do you play it?
trying to decide between getting this version for my 5yr old and the regular version. She is incredibly uncanny at strategy for her age. Suggestions?
Would it work for a smart 3 year old?
How many players can play at a time?
how big are the chips in diameter?
WTH? Why in the world is this $46?
Do the instructions come in Spanish?
What make &amp; model battery does it take, so I can purchase an extra in advance?
how do you turn it off
does it retain the currencies to be converted to/from, or do they need to be reentered at each transaction?
How do you turn it off?
when you buy this, do you have to pay anything when you send away for the tadpoles?
Did it come with tadpoles? If so how many?
How many tadpoles come with this?
I am more interested in the habitat. Does anyone have any reviews, comments, suggestions on that?
dose it come with a frog?
Which track type? Does this engine run on the standard wooden Brio type tracks?
is this product compatible with melissa and doug track
Does this product work on the IKEA track?
what type of battery does it need?
does this engine run on the imaginarium train set table?
Does this train have the magnetic connector? We are looking for a new engine that can pull the other magnetic train cars.
is this a good figure to get
is it this better than the vintage verison
is there a vintage one
how big is the tractor?
My son lost the pig from this tractor, this is one of his favorite toys... Do you know how I could get just the pig? Thank you!
I've had this for a while and it doesn't make sound anymore but the lights and wheels work. Does anyone know how to fix that, I can't find a manual
Better Kidoozie or Fisher-Price tractor?
We have the tractor but no figures does any one know were to get them
Anyone else's animals making the wrong sounds? This horse crows and the pig baas. Not a huge deal, but would like to fix if possible.
Our tractor stopped playing music. We just replaced the batteries and it still goes but no music. What can we do?
Does this toy require batteries to make it work?
The version that is shipping now, does it include the orange "handle" that is seen in the video?
Age range for this toy
The inked lettering on my tiles has rubbed off. I need to get a new set of travel scrabble tiles. Please Advise.
How big is the board?
travel scrabble boards: Would anyone know someone who could sell in bulk at a good price
Is this the old version or the newer version? The last time I purchased the Travel Scrabble, it had this image but I received another kind.
Is this game good for airplane rides?
Can one person play it or do you have to go on line and get a partner?
what is the weight of it?
can the board be detached from the case?
What types of airplane actually comes with the set?
do the planes have the old united livery or the new united livery?
does this plane have new livery or old livery?
Is daron united airlines playset color is blue or black?
This will be my first ship. What other materials do I need to buy? What kind of glue / paint / knife / anything else? Pls let me know, thanks!!
I know it may seem silly, but is there a fraction of a chance this thing could float? I know this may depend on workmanship, and density.
dimensions
Is this a model kit
If I am starting model building , should I start my first battleship with this model or another ? ( if another please tell me the name )
can an 11 that in impatient build this easily
What's the age range?
Could you tell me how long it would really take a non-experienced model builder
Replacement cards for Cariboo: Is anyone aware of where you might be able to purchase replacement cards to the Cariboo game?
For what age is it appropriate?
Cariboo: Is there a difference between the Cranium and Hasbro versions of the Cariboo game-other than price?
Does the 2013-2014 product still contain barium (Canadian recall) and do the 2013-2014 paints still peel off?
Where is this product manufactured?
is it still banned in Canada?
is there only one way to stack the blocks?
Up to what age is interested in this toy?
Do the wheels move?
Do the tracks for the other Melissa &amp; Doug train sets work with this?
Tracks?
What is the diameter of the toppings? Are they small enough to become a choking hazard? (Gift for a 4 year old who has a 1 year old brother)
What is the diameter of the pizza? I want to see if i can fit in the kidcraft kitchen oven.
What is the age range for this toy. Granddaughter is 18 mos. old?
Has anyone tried the felt pizza? I'm not sure which is better for play, the felt or wood.
What is the diameter of this toy? Help appreciated. Trying to figure out if it would fit in showcase of step2 kitchen set.
Insect Lore Ant Hill: So if this ant farm is so bad, does any other company make a good one and send live ants that stay alive?
do you have to feed them?
Does it come with enough polish and grit for a couple of batches? How long does a complete cycle take?
where do I get replacement o-rings?
I bought part of one of these at a flea market. Need to find parts for it. Can you help?
does it come with everything you need to start ???
I'm brand new at this but first wonder about the size of the stone one can use...thanks Bill
I am interested to buy a tumbler for my polymer clay beads. I need to know, 1- how much of each drum should be field with beads and what portion
We are in day 2 of the first cycle and the barrel is rubbing on the white rings causing wear/friction/squealing. Is this normal?
What model is this?
Anyone ever done rifle brass in this one.
Where is this manufactured?
why there is no sun
We are having a banquet for the high school and our theme is space, would these planets look good individually to go in the centerpieces??
will this work as a baby mobile? I have the mobile attachment- would I be able to string these to it? Or is it strictly for the ceiling?
I read in a previous question that these need to be "snapped" together. Does that mean they come in halves? (halves are preferable for my project)
Are the planets accurate in their relative size to one another?
If we do need to include a sun, how big should it be?
No center light for sun... Can anyone share their ideas for diy sun? I don't want to go with styrophoam if possible. TIA
Are the star stickers easy to remove without damaging the wall or leaving adhesive marks?
How long will the planets glow?
What is the size/dimension of the largest planet?
How many balls would you say you need to fill a small kiddie pool?
I just received these and no where on the packaging does it say Phthalate Free but the Amazon description says it is. does anyone know whether it is? update: I finally (after several days of searching) found a phone number to call. I got ahold of...
Are these made in China?
Do you know where I can get the accessories for this kitchen? I received the kitchen as a "hand me down" and they only had the coffe pot and phone.
step2 adventrue lodge play center vs Little Tikes Endless Adventures PlayCenter Playground: Does anyone have preference one over another?
Has anyone bought this for a child 1 years old? Does anyone know if this would be ok for someone under the recommended age of 2 years?
Little Tykes Kitchen VS Dora the Explorer kitchen
will American girl horses fit in this stable?
Does this come with the fencing shown in the picture?
Does this barn fit generations horses?
Does this barn fit the Breyer Classic horses that are 1:12 scale?
Would a 7 1/2 inch tall horse fit? Would stable be too large or too small for this size horse?
Does this fit the TRADITIONAL Breyer horses? They are 1:9 scale
I bought this stable (it's amazing, I might add), but, does the ladder come loose from the inside wall? or is it supposed to just stay stuck there?
Will Schleich horses fit in this stable? We have tons of them and this would be perfect!!!!!!!
dimentions
american girl
I'm looking to spell out Elliot for a maternity photo shoot. Can you please advise if this set comes with those mult?
What are the block dimensions?
Hello, I am looking to spell "Alexandra" and "Jackson" could someone tell me if this is possible and what colors they would be? Thanks!
What is the "included pouch"? Is there a separate canvas bag or just the plastic box it come in?
Can anyone tell me what colors the letters would be for Brody
Is paint non toxic.
what are the dimensions?
amazon ships threw what service
Im wanting some blocks to spell out Ariana for an upcoming maternity shoot. will these work?
Does this set come with a colored/painted J? I am trying to spell out Joshua.
Are these durable enough for an adult to work out on?
edge pieces: Does anyone knows where can I buy the edge pieces for the Step 2 Play Mats?
Are the mats reversible?
Can these be used over a large dirt patch (that used to be grass but I gave up)?
Could these tiles be used outside and can people run on them without breaking them?
Are these waterproof? Can they be used on a patio or outdoors?
Can these be taken apart and put back together?
Does anyone have any experience using these on cement floors, finished or unfinished?
How many come in a set?
How many square feet does one set cover?
Would a 9 year old girl like this?
Can the pieces be taken apart to build something new or can you only build just one project?
Would a bright 11 year old girl who is into science like this toy?
Does this kit allow making an FM radio or is that only a stand-alone kit?
What age is this product for?
What is the best snap circuit set for older children
Which kit would you recommend for 12 yo--very good at following diagrams, but no one in fam w/knowlege of electronics/engineering
What does frustration free packaging mean?
Does anyone know if with frustration free packaging, you still get the original box to store all the pieces in?
Would this be appropriate for a 10 yr, old girl. or would it be too easy?
Could anyone provide dimensions for some of the pieces for reference, say, the largest and smallest pieces?
why is the 100 block set less expensive than the 60 block set?
Is there a chart that has pictures of things that can be built? Something that the child can try to duplicate?
Is this item made in the US??
How big is the box and howmuch does it weight. I have to bring it ti Peru in my valise. Maria
Do you sell any kids' blocks that are made in USA?
Is the box that these blocks come in reusable as a container?
Can anyone tell me how many different shapes are in this set?
Could someone provide the exact dimension of the square cube? Thank you.
Does it have the Dominoes included? At the top it states that 91 dominoes are included. Under product description, it states dominoes are not included
I want to know the thickness of the dominos.
How thick are the dominoes? I'd like an actual measurement, not a description please.
size of dots
does it come with the hub in the 2nd or 3rd picture?
Are these mini dominoes or normal size? Are they 1 x 2 inches or 1.5 x .75 inches?
What age do you think would enjoy it most? I have an 8-year-old granddaughter. Is she too old for this?
Dimensions
Is this made of solid wood or is there particle board or plywood?
are they washable&#xFF1F;
How long are the oil pastel sticks?
Are these good for drawing on the driveway? I'm looking for vivid colors, not dull like chalk.
What kind of box do they come in? Does it have a lid?
I live in Phoenix and it's 110 degrees here. Will these oil pastels melt in the mail? I'm afraid the answer is yes...just asking.
Does the 24 set have different colors than the set of 12?
do these smell?
Will these work on a standard white board like dry-erase markers?
I am looking for the Crayola Marker in HOT PINK color. Is this the one in this package?
i need washable markers for tracing onto fabric, for quilting. will these wash off easily?
does it work on doodle magic mat?
what colors are included?
are these markers non-toxic?
What is the difference between this one and the one that makes sounds? The cost is almost double between the two
Is this sturdy, or made of cheap plastic?
does it have real lights and sirens that go around?
Does the crane arm extend far enough over the cab of the truck to be used as a wrecking ball? My son really wants a wrecking ball.
Does it come with the boulder and other items shown in the images?
Do the worker figurines fit into the cab?
What is the difference between the Bruder Man and Bruder Mack lines of vehicles?
How big is it ??
How Longinus the crane arm when extended? I was thinking about buying the more expensive one because it has a longer arm, I think.
Will Bruder's Light and Sound Module fit on this truck?
What is the difference between the Bruder Man and the Bruder Mack Cement trucks?
Can a "driver" fit through the window and be positioned behind the steering wheel ?
Do you think you could use kinetic sand with this truck? Would you be able to pour it out?
How big is this truck?
Can any of the Bruder trucks turn or can they only go forwards and backwards
can the Bruder toy man go inside the cab?
I'm trying to decide between the Bruder Man and Bruder Mack Cement Truck. How durable is the water hose? Do your kids enjoy this feature ?
Is it metal or plastic?
how long is this truck?
Are these foam, as one review says, or are they real rubber? We try to avoid foam toys. Thanks!
Would this be a good airplane toy for a 15mo old? I'm worried she might be too young to play with or be interested in it...
where is Lauri Toys Toddler Tote made?
Are these pieces made from PVC?
Does anyone know if a no.2 pencil could be used instead of the string? Is the whole big enough? Thanks
How long are the laces?
What are the measurements of the cubes?
All the wooden toys from Melissa and Doug have lost paint. Anyone have this issue?
are strings or laces includes?
what is the dimention of the hole? I'm looking for beads to string on a 3/8 inch rope for a childs swing
Does the storage box have a lid?
does this bead set come with the string
do pots come with delux set?
What are the shipping dimensions? I.e., What are the box dimensions?
I see in videos it requires a drill, is it necessary? Can a normal girly girl handle it or is it too hard?
Is the play food and "accessories" that come with it enough? Or should I plan on purchasing something separate. Any recs?
What batteries does this take?
The tallest part (the middle above sink) is 48.5" says Step2...what the exact length of that tallest part? (I can fit 15.25 inches only)
can you please tell me which additional amenities does the deluxe model have over the dream version
Is 2 year old too young for this.
Would my 20 month old girl boy twins be too young for this?
My son is five and is a little over 42'' tall. What is the height from floor to counter? Will he be too tall for this?
What is the age appropriate of doll
Does the doll come in it's original box? I want to give it as a gift, but it has to be unwrapped. Thank you,
What age girl is this doll a good gift for? I have two grandkids, 6 and 7. Are they too old for this doll?
Are the clothes &amp; shoes permanent or can they be removed?
how many phrases does she say in Spanish?
Is the item in the backpack (i.e. camera, binoculars, or magnifying glass) functional?
That sentence says and what language does?
WOULD YOU RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT FOR 5yr old?
is there a language choice?
Dora says phrases that are in English or Spanish?
Which three notes does it play?
Can this be hung on a wall?
which is best for classroom, single or trio chime?
For my conference I need a sound to signify a session starting. Is it loud enough for a room of 200 people? I don't want an obnoxious noise.
Can I safely &amp; easily attach this to a tree? Thank u!
What is the weight limit?
How long are the ropes on this swing? I see that it says 14 for the height but I wasn't sure if that meant 14ft ropes or a 14" seat.
Is the mounting hardware included with this swing? How does it attach up top?
Where can I get a frame to hang this from? I want to have the swing on our deck.
has this swing been recalled for safety issue?
How does the 3 point harness system work? I cannot tell form the picture how it secures the child.
I have a tall cottonwood tree with a branch that I would like to hang this from. would it work?
How can I attach it to my gorilla playset. Do I need any tool or can I attach it to existing hook
Does the tray come completely off? Or is it attached? Is the tray handy or does it get in the way?
Could a near-4-year-old use this?
is it coast guard certified
Can you blow this up without a pump? I want to buy a float for vacation and don't want to have to pack a pump.
does it include a canopy?
Hello! Is this easy to pack for a long-distance vacation? We won't have much space in our luggage. Thanks!
Hello, Is this float a good size for 3 year olds? Please respond ASAP...
Can my 11 lb 4 month old use this product in a tub?
What is the accurate size? It says Measures approximately 12.5" x 11.75" x 2.5" But I think it seems to small, but without seeing it I am unsure.
Does the pillow have it's own valve, or is that one valve to blow up the whole thing?
Does it have the ugly writing and pictures all over the top bottom section?
Does this fold up nicely and easy to store in luggage?
Are the new ones with the white pockets as durable as the older ones with silver pockets?
How does this come packaged? In the original manufacturer's box or in some plain brown "easy to open" amazon box?
can you tell me the length of the raft??
Does the reflective backing really help you to tan both sides at the same time?
What are the dimensions of the finished product?
What are the dimensions of the box? I want to buy this as a gift and send it to someone by air parcel, but I need to know the dimensions. Please advis
like to purchase for baby shower &amp; ask guests to write word of advice on back of each piece. Is backing lite enough in color to write on?
Is this okay for a 4 year old or more geared for younger kiddos?
is it too hard for a 3 year old
Can I use this for toddler transport in the sand at the beach?
Will this product fit in the trunk of a sedan?
Can you put the radio flee canopy on this wagon
Is assembly required?
Is this tooo small for a 7 yr old to sit in and a younger child?
what are the dimensions of the wagon?
Radio Flyer wagon - handle length: Does anyone know how long the handle actually is?
Weight capacity: How much weight can a Radio Flyer Pathfinder Wagon hold?
Where is this shipped from?
what is the weight limit?
So, the description says that it fits "standard size" puzzles...can anyone give me the dimensions of what that actually is? Thanks!
does it fit the chunky melissa and doug puzzles? or just the peg ones?
Will this hold the sound puzzles? Thank you!
Will this fit the 24 and 48 piece melissa and doug puzzles?
Do the wooden puzzles from M&amp;D fit in this? I want to purchase the 12, 24, and 48 piece wooden puzzles for my classroom and unsure if they will fit.
does this rack come with the puzzles that are pictured?
Does this hold Melissa &amp; Doug jumbo knob puzzles?
Manufacturer recommends 8-15 but would do any current owners believe this might be age appropriate for a 5 year old (with help from a parent)?
Which do you recommend for a 12 yr old boy. The 100 kit or the larger 750 kit as a first present?
What is the age for snap circuits Jr. kit? Is it good for 10 year-old boys?
Will this ship in plain Amazon box? Info on page makes it sound like it will be visible when it ships &amp; my nephew lives here and would see too soon.
Are add-ons available for this set, or to get to the next level must you just buy the 300 set, which does have add-ons? Thanks for your help. My 8 year old grandsons love the 100 set which I gave them for Christmas.
Can you build the radio with this kit?
Is the Frustration-Free Packaging acceptable as a gift? I've never seen it so I don't know what it looks like.
Would this kit be appropriate for learning about light bulbs and basic electricity concepts?
If I've already bought the Snap Circuits Jr. Sc-100 for a gift - and my nephew loves it, but is just 7 years old, what can I buy as a next step?
What age range is this designed for?
Are these BPA free?
Is the plastic used BPA free?
Are the pieces solid plastic? Or are they hollow?
Are these toys really too small for a younger baby, 8-12 months? All food toys say 3+ years, but my son loves playing with raw potatoes and apples!
is there a list of what types of fruits and vegetables comes with this basket? My boss needs to know all types for an approval on this order
Does Puerto Rico require a lot of reading in English? Looking to buy this for grandma, who doesn't speak english but can Settlers of Catan just fine.
game description?
Did anyone get like 40 or so extra colonists ? Manual says 100, but I've got like 140 ?
I saw this at the store but the back of the box shows game pieces written in what looks like German. Is this how it is supposed to be?
Does this set come with metal coins, and if so are they gold colored or copper colored?
What is the difference between the Puerto Rico 3-5 player game and the Puerto Rico 2-5 player game other than being able to play with one less person?
Does this contain expansion pack?
Hi do you ship to Singapore?
game play?
Ages of players
Is this a good game for adults
Would Bohnanza be a good game to play while traveling by automobile, or does it require a card table?
Is this a good game to play just by two people? Or just like most games, is it better with 3 or more people?
Is it fun?
What size are the cards; playing card size or bigger?
What expansion pack should we buy for this game?
Does Bohnanza have an expansion? if it does can you mix and match the games?
What is the age level of this game?
do I need anything besides this kit to make it work?
If we already have the SC300, does it make spence to buy this one? Or is it better to buy other sets, like the one that has lights/glow in the dark?tx
What is frustration free packaging
My niece is a very smart 13 and loves to build things. The manufacturer says ages 8-15. Is she too old for this? Thanks!
My grandson has the sc-300 version just wanted to make sure the sc-500 would work with along side it?
I purchases the 60 picec set, but there was no instruction in the package. Can I download it somewhere?
in what country are they made?
what are the block size?
are the children in the picture playing with the 60 piece set or do they have more?
are these unfinished wood (preferable) or do they have some sort of laquer or finish on them?
Are the blocks in this set larger than then 200 piece set? Just trying to figure out why this set is so expensive.
Are these blocks treated with formaldehyde?
What age child is this item for?
what are the actual size of the blocks in inches
How do you store these unit blocks? I don't want to have to carefully reorganize them into the box they came in at the end of every day. Any ideas?
can you order replacement balls?
What is the age range Looking for something for a six year old
I want one for 15 year old boy .Would this be alright for that age
What size balls does this game use?
Does this game have the crowd &amp; other enhanced decals seen on the box cover?
Does this game have the crowd &amp; other enhanced decals seen on the box cover?
Where was this game manufactured?
the Product Dimensions are listed 29.5 x 15.8 x 36 inches, is 36 the height?
anyone prefer the deluxe model over the dream model?
Please specify the size of packaging (shipping dimensions) and weight.
Is there enough storage room for "food" and "dishes?" Do all of the cabinets and appliances open?
What is the warranty on this product and what is the return policy
would you recommend this kitchen over kidkraft uptown kitchen?
Please, Could someone measure to see about how big the oven is? Will 8x12inch pan from the Melissa &amp; Doug Slice&amp;Bake Cookie Set fit? TY!
Does the microwave "ding" when door is opened?
how many hours to assemble?
does this kitchen have a utensil drawer that opens? In the videos it does not show it opening.
the photo on line for this item shows NO toilet.....in some other places it does. does it have a toilet?
Is it the same scale as plan toys ?
how big are the pieces? We have the KidKraft dolls, would they work for that?
how big are the chairs &amp; the dimension for the table????? tnx
Is this table and chair set large enough for a 2 yr. old little boy to actually sit at and have a snack? Or are the dimensions more suitable for dolls
Is this table and chair set large enough for a 2 yr. old little boy to actually sit at and have a snack? Or are the dimensions more suitable for dolls?
Will 12" dolls fit?
Does this dollhouse have to be assembled, and do you know how easy or hard that might be?
Where is this dollhouse made?
Size of dollhouse?
Is this made of solid wood or is there particle board or plywood?
What size hole does the set drill?
approximately how many stones were you able to drill before it dulled? I realize there is a hardness variable here, but ballpark?
I'm new using a Dremel so bare with me. I need to know if these tips will work for china? I need a 6mm hole. Will this bit work?
what is the diameter of the drill bits?
Will this bit fit the Dremel Multipro 395?
is it age appropriate for a five year old
what age would you buy this for?
How big is the cake?
Is it age-appropriate for a five year old?
Most globe reviews say they are cheaply made and inaccurate. Where can we find a really GOOD globe?
Does this globe turn and what is the stand made of, plastic?
What is the diameter of the globe?
is the base of the globe plastic or metal? I bought another version of this globe and it was plastic, and didnt lay flat on my table.
What do you want to know about Replogle Globes Re-33801 The Atlantis Globe?I asked for "lighted" globes. This one does not say it's lit. Is it?
Can you ship this to Malaga,Spain?
Is each state in the U. S. outlined?
What age child?
Is this set always lower case letters? Does anyone know?
Leap Frog Fridge Phonics vs Leap Frog Word Builder? Does anyone know?
New fridge - does this toy scratch your fridge's finish? Thanks.
Is there a spanish switch so it does both english and spanish?
How do you clean the letters?
Does anyone know why LeapFrog discontinued their line of magnetic learning toys? Totally insane that any vendor would ask these ridiculous prices!
We have had the fridge phonic set for a couple years and loved it, but my one year old son has thrown away most of our letters. Where can I buy more?
Why do the :leapfrog fridge phonics cost so much more here than at stores?
Can the letters fit Leapfrog word builder? If I buy the new alphabet set will they fit in the jet?
will my 10 year old be able to play this version?
Can you play Balderdash with 2 people?
Does Balderdash Game have all new, different cards than Beyond Balderdash
Incorrect Definitions?
"dictionary?" Can someone tell m: is it worth it to get this game?
What is survival rate of larvae? Is there any warranty / replacement if they all die?
How much does it cost to ship the larvae?
do you send the lady bug larve with kit to bklyn ny?
Someone mentioned these are not the red round "typical" ladybugs. In our area we now only have orange biting ladybugs. What are these ladybugs like?
How long can they live in the dome before you have to let them go?
Do you ship larvae to Oregon?
About how much is the shipping on the larvae after you pay the $5 processing fee?
Is the lid easily opened? I'm concerned about my little ones opening it up too soon if I'm not nearby.
About how long does it take to get the larvae once you send in the coupon?
Do you send to Washington
How do I change the batteries in this fire truck? I can't get inside the cab to access the battery compartment.
Does it have lights and sirens
Does the ladder turn?
How big is this truck?
How does the ladder go up? I read something about a crank? I want to get this for my two year old who will probably pull on the ladder.
How tall is the latter?
I see the kid in the video pushing the car, do you need to push it for it to move? does it move on his own or with batteries? does it go back forth
batteries
Does this one squirt water fromthe hose?
How big is it, ie length, width etc.
Will this fit with Radio Flyer? Or just kettlers? Thanks
is this just a push bar for any trycicler it attaches to the back of trycicle
The actual push bar comes in two parts, an upper shown here and a lower that snaps into the trike itself. Does this item come with both pieces
Does this fit the kettler kettrike happy navigator &amp; kettrike happy air navigator trikes?
would this work on a radio flyer tricycle?
are these stars radioactive ?
How big are the stars?
The stars are great. However, I am running out of putty, before I am running out of stars to put up. Do you have any suggestions for me? Thanks in advance.
will they stick on brick surface that has been painted?
Will the putty dry out if I only put up a few stars (as rewards) at a time?
Do you have to have daylight to "recharge" the stars? I want to put them under a platform that doesn't get natural light. Ca
Are they easy to remove once put? Will they damage the ceiling paint?
How long they actually glow? I noticed some negative reviews, they were all pointing that these glow for just a minute or two then stops glowing?
What color do the stars glow? I know that most glow in green, but for some reason, I really want stars that glow white... kind of like real stars....
Can these be used on a blown on ceiling?
How many pieces are in set?
Hi good night! I would really like to know if this tea set is worth purchasing, and is the paint lead based or not? Thanks a million.
where were they manufactured?
how many cups and saucers
are the plates tiny? or are they big enough to put a few snacks on
are the plates tiny? or are they big enough to put a few snacks on
Can this product be used for real or is it good for pretend play only?
What size is the teapot and how many ounces does it hold?
Lead ?
Is the lid removable?
What are the horses made of? Plastic, resin, wood? Hollow or solid?
Are the manes and tails made like "hair" or are they a solid part of the mold?
are they small
how tall are the horses?
Can these go in the bathtub?
Will these horses fit into the Melissa and Doug horse carrier?
Is it durable
I got 6 yo yo's for Christmas,, the strings frayed and fell apart the first day.. what can you do for me??
How long does it sleep?
What are the 2 colors that I might receive?
i just ordered this microphone ... it says colors may vary .. can you tell me which color i might receive .. its for a boy so blue would be nice.
what is the other color besides purple?
does this mic have a cord?
Are there any loose pieces or is this all stuck together?
I see the two sides online but what activities are on the other two ? Is it beads that slide across ?
recommended ages
I received this activity cube for my daughter for christmas. The cube has two Vs and no W. Is there a way to get a W block and replace it?
what is the size of this
is the cube made of solid wood? with non-toxic finishes on the cube and the games/activities? thank you!
what country is it made in?
what are the measurements of the tent?
what are the dimensions of this tent???
Can anyone tell me the dimensions of this tent?
how does the tunnel attach to the tent?
Is it big enough for grown ups to sit in with the kids?
Does the bottom detach?
Has anyone tried putting plastic balls in this and if so, how was it?
Does this tent have any uv protection?
what are dimensions?
Would someone mind looking at the carton and list the ingredients for me? We have some sensitive skin and need to avoid some additives.
What is the difference between using this and using food coloring drops??
How much color does it add to the water? Would it make the water red-ish or does it make the water RED!
Will these stain clothing if worn in the tub?
Do these leave color stains in the bathtub?
Do you have 20 in stock&Acirc;&uml;?
Are there multiple colors per container or is it one color per container? How do you ensure you get different colors if you order multiples?
Do these stain towels?
My granddaughter has sensitive skin. Is there anything on the package that addresses this?
What colors are there?
Can the toy be used without batteries (not the drill of course) if you don't want sound or names of shapes?
What size batteries does this take?
What are the dimensions of the blue box when it is closed? Is this a good choice for entertaining a 17-month-old on an airplane ride?
Does the drill actually rotate? Mine only makes a sound and I want to know if it is broken.
I just purchased Leapster GS Explorer. Will this game work in it?
Product guide says compatible with all Leapster games but won't fit explorer?
Is it compatible with the leappad2 ?
Will this game work in a Leapster or Leapster 2 game system?
To help me realize how small this actually is, can you tell me how tall the umbrella is from the bottom of the base to the top?
Can I use it as a cake topper? Are the pieces removable?
Are these cheap plastic parts or wood? Do they truly look nice or cheap?
Can an adult sit on the beach chair?
How is this item packaged? Does it come in a box with the picture on the front?
Can Elf on the Shelf fit on this?
How big is the beach chair? I'm curious if it would hold a cell phone.
Is the sand bothersome? Is it better to just empty the sand and keep the other items?
how big is the box
are all the pieces in the box glued or are they removable
How did you determine the retail cost of $43.20? That seems a little high.
The pink ball I bought is a balanced body and is so hard If I stood on it, it would not collapse where can I get a SOFT one? I ordered the Pinky.
is there anything in the middle of the ball? Like a marble in the core?
Is this $4.55 for one ball?
Doses it Even bounce above your hand
Is it heavy
Is this ball good for playing wallball
Does it bounce really high or not very high
is the price of $4.16 each or is it for a quantity of balls?
Is the $4.99 for one ball??? I just purchased this same ball at a local store for 99 cents.
How many critters and 'stuff' can you store in this case?
Any furniture included ?
Any furniture included ?
Does it come with critters
What color is the outside? Pastels or brights?
Does this come with any animal figures?
What is this made of? Cardboard?
Does the stethoscope just make a heartbeat sound or does it make breathing/coughing sounds, too like I've seen in some others?
Can anyone confirm where this one is made? China? Thanks.
what age range
Will the blood pressure cuff fit around an adult's lower arm? My little doctor loves to take our blood pressure.
My 4 year old grandson has siblings 3, 2 and 1 years old. Do you think this would be a choking hazard for the baby?
does the kit come with the drs coat that is pictured?
What kind of batteries does this product require?
I ordered this toy. but I didn't recive case(bag). there are just toys. I wanna get case. please check.
My son is 3 1/2 &amp; 46 lbs. He's very tall for his age. Will this motorcycle be too small for him?
Some reviewers says the wheel does not turn, so how do u turn it? Or it can only go straight? What do ur kids do when it's the end of the road?
Are the wheels hallow or solid? We live next door to a asphalt parking lot so we have to sturdy outside toys. Will the wheels hold up to asphalt?
Any tips when putting it together. I thought I read somewhere there was a way to mess it up if not careful?
is it battery operated
Do you ship to canada?
What is the height of this toy?
What is the Max weight of the child that can ride on this?
How tall is the giraffe?
does it come with the baby?
How do I know if I am getting a 5ft giraffe?
Will it tip over if a child leans forward on the neck/head ?
How tall is it?
ride on?
Can you Bent it so it could fit in a luggage?
I'm a little worried about the wire legs. Would they ever potentially poke through the fabric and stab a child if they were to fall on it or something
Does anyone know if this has fire retardant sprayed on it? I hope not.
Can a child sit on the giraffe
Looks like Pluto got removed?
I don't understand why this puzzle requires Lithium ion batteries. Are they included? What do they do?
Are the planets in the correct sequence?
Finishes size of puzzle
Does this puzzle have a tray?
Is this product made in the US?
Does this use regular marbles?
Does this work with marble run made by mindware.We are looking to add on need more
Hi, what is the approximate size of the marble run when all pieces are assembled? Thank you :-)
Is there an instruction sheet?
Are the plastic pieces BPA free?
Are the plastic pieces BPA free?
where can you buy it
Best marble run toy: Can anyone recommend a particular model or brand that is well-constructed?
Does this set coordinate with Galt?
Does anyone know the specific size marble I can purchase for replacements? I bought some that are close, but they are a bit too small.
Is it machine washable?
How tall is it?
Hi, do you ship to the UK, and if so how much is the delivery cost.
who are the characters? I will not receive the game until just before the party and would like to tell everyone who the characters are?
is a CD included?
just wanting to be sure - there is a written script included for each character?
is this appropriate for teens as well as adults?
when do you hand out the extra clues?
Can a creative mind expand the game to 12? Suggestions?
where can I get a description of the characters in this game
Which 6 characters are required? (i.e. Which are the two extra non-suspects?)
What is the difference between Ti- S6 and Ti S5? Thank you.
Does this racket package with one or two rackets as is in the picture?
Does this racquet come with a head cover?
How large is this racquet?
ello, I live in Canada, how long it takes to get the racket, I'll be in NY Saturday 11 and Sunday 13 October 2014 I receive the racket at that time if
what does Ti.S5 mean?
What is the difference between an S5 or S6 with an S2
WEIGHT OF THE RAQUET IN GRAMS
Does this racquet come pre-strung?
How do u know what size grip to get?
How much weight can these support? I have a framed poster, probably about 5 lbs.
Can it be used on a car side mirror to add blind spot mirror on so it can be removed when needed? The side mirrors are heated when needed..
Will this hold light things to stainless steel without leaving a mark? Photos? Kids School work?
Does it leave any oil or greasy marks behind?
I need some spiro putty for a spirograph. Will this work for that?
i want to attach a foam core board about 4 feet by 6 feet to the ceiling with rough textured paint. will this work?
Does this take off paint?
Can I use this putty to hold components onto a PCB board while soldering?
Looking to use this on a stainless refrigerator, but I'm worried it will leave marks. Thoughts?
I plan to use it to hold my iphone on the car dashboard instead of using those suctioned cup things (they don't really stick), does this hold ?
Would a 2 year old be able to pedal this?
Could this car be adapted to a styling chair base?
I am thinking of buying this pedal car and adapt it to a kids styling chair base, just like the Pibbs 1806 Taxi Styling Chair, what do you think?
Any idea on a maximum height for this? My son is about to turn 6 and about 45" tall, I'm worried he won't get much use out of this.
Does the steering wheel move to control L and R movement? Appears so but nothing is to be taken for granted
How much assembly is required?
I would like to get this for my son on his 4th birthday. He is 40" tall but has a long torso. Will he get much use out of it?
peg boards included?
Suitable for boys?
Hello,Do I need get more peg board if I want that owl shows in this page&iuml;&frac14;&#159;if no peg board how can I make them shape together&iuml;&frac14;&#159;
can these beads be melted
Do these fit over standard craft pipe cleaners?
that colors bring?
Does this come with the paper to use to iron?
Are these the type you can iron and take off to make trinkets?
Are these the type you can iron and take off to make trinkets?
Has anyone ordered these and gotten a color other than black? Just curious.. that's the only thing holding me back from ordering, black is too hot!
Mechanical valve (like a car) or orally inflated?
How is the tube inflated?
How big is the opening?
Could I get the dimensions? top to bottom, width, and space at bottom between float sections.
What is the size range on these water wings? My daughter is almost 5, but is in the 95+ percentile for height/weight, making her the size of a 7 yo.
Can these armbands be inflated by blowing them with the mouth? Thanks
is this sold as a set?
would they work for 18 months babies?
are these good for adults?
i WOULD LIKE TO ORDER ONE. CAN I get the pink one as i have a girl?
can it be for infants 3-6 months
will it work for an 18 month old?
Will they fit a petite 2 yo, 25lbs? I'm afraid they'll fall off!
What size should I buy for a six year old...big for his age?
Is junior size high school varsity?
Is this an official size for college?
would this be a good football to send to my 14 grandson at camp-he plays at school.
are these plastic?
Is there an age Gr
Are these suitable for storing and playing with outdoors (in a playhouse)?
Can you please tell me where your toys are manufactured?
What are the length, width, height dimensions of each crate?
If these have glue, is the glue formaldehyde free?
How heavy are the individual pieces? I have a plastic kitchen, and hardwood floors and I'm worried that they'll be too heavy/noisy when they fall!
Why can't you ship this to US military PSC addresses?
this says that it includes all 4 food groups, but then it says each group sold seperate. What one is it?
Looking for a up to date Goverments approve Food Pryramid for adults.
are the buttons metal?
What size are the buttons? Also could you use any metal backing and plastic for the buttons?
The description says "round" or "square" sized. Does this make square buttons too?
How many buttons does this come with, if it comes with any at all? Where can I get refills from when they run out?
Good morning, Does anyone know if this machine will work with badge-a-minit refills? Thank you!
What color Badge maker is this? Purple or Blue?
WHAT SIZE BUTTONS DOES THIS MACHINE MAKE? THKS
What material is the actual image on? (Ex. paper) Is there a plastic cover over the badge?
how big are the actual finished product?
ok shes 48cms aka 18.8inchs long but how wide is she?
how wide is she
Do you have to build the planes?
what are the dimensions?
can a 11 year old that is impatient and doesn't want to work on it all day finish easily
Will this float on the water in bath tub? If not, can you please recomend me the models that will float on water?
Is the Revell U.S.S. Enterprise model kit ok for my 10 year old? Enterprise model kit is ok for my 10 year old?
what is the demension of this carrier?
is the runway supposed to be flat or turn uphill at the end?
I ordered a set and only got 16 in my box. I ordered a second set and still only received 16. Has this product changed ???
what cd can accompany this product?
will you post to uk?
how many sticks do you get?
What kind of paint is used? My toddler still puts everything in his mouth so I worry about toxicity.
I want to use them for bounce juggling; will they work or not enough bounce?
shipping is $7.95-are they coming from Hong Kong?
How much does each ball weigh? I am looking for something in the 80-130 gram range.
is there a glove that comes with this set&gt;?
How many are in a pack?
What kind of paint is used? My toddler still puts everything in his mouth so I worry about toxicity.
What is the diameter of these sticks?
what are they made out of? could i purchase and put an eye hook through them to make a ribbon stick?
can they be used with adults (in workshops) or are they children sized?
Can you get 8 inch rhythm sticks?
Does a set of these rhythm sticks include a ridged stick and a smooth stick?
What are the length of these Rhythm sticks?
what is the age on this . do you think it's suitable for a 16 year old ?
I read the punch bag is plastic. Do you fill that also or is it notsolid
Can this also be used for boxing?
Can it go outside?
One review states that only the base is included. Does it come with everything that is in the picture?
What is the dimension of the base compared to the dimension of the base for the adult sized bag?Trying to decide if kids could also use the adult bag?
Has anyone figured out how many pounds of sand to buy and add to the base to fill it to the proper level per the instructions?
My 11 y.o. grandsons are average to little bigger for their age. Would this last for a year or so until they get into the teen size
Would this be ok for 11 y.o. boys there fairly average height
how much sand does the kid kick need?
what size is the included ball?
what is the weight of your Product?
what size is this ball
Does the goal fold for storage?
Would this be a good gift for a 4 year old? or is she too old for it?
does the net make sounds without the target being attached to the net?
Need more recent reviews, these are OLD? Has there been improvements in quality and better ball as suggested?
can this be used without the target thing?
Is an indoor toy or outdoor toy?
Please tell me the shipping size of the box.
Would like to know the size and weight of the packaged product for shipment.
what size battery does this use?
Can you put more than 3 balls in the machine at a time?
Can you adjust the height?
What age is it recommended for?
I am an adult who has never played baseball. Will it be suitable for me to pick up this toy to learn the sport?
how many balls come with it
What age?
what kind of battery does it take
what ages?
Is this "N" scale track?
What gauge/scale is this set?
are the turn outs remote control electric
Can you use these 18* radius curved track with another radius track in some of the complete set amazon sells.
What pieces are included? It says 4 curve, 4 straight, 2 switches, 2 bumpers, and 12 pieces - what are the 12 pieces?
It says, 1 remote turnout - left and 1 remote turnout - right. Does it come with the wiring to make it electric? Or are the switches manual?
where can i get a 1972 caprice/impala model kit?
does it come with the glue and paint
Dose it come with windows
Dose it come with windows
Dose it come with windows
does it hop
Would this model be good as a starter for a 9 yr. old?
Is it plastic or Wood? And how many inches long is the model about?
is it already painted black or do i have to paint it completley?
Is glue needed?
does this launch?
is it remote control
does it need to be painted
Is it remote control
Do you have to build it?
WHAT AGE GROUP IS THIS FOR?
What do you need to buy for accessories for this: color paint and cement? Giving it as a gift. Thanks!
anyone know how airbrush paint does on model planes
Are there kits that an 8 year old could put together?
Are the wheels rubber or plastic you paint black?
Can you briefly Give out dimensions of the Plane like Length and Wingspan? much appreciated. Thank you.
Do the wheels close?
I have a 12 year old son who is a plane fanatic. This would be his first model plane. Any suggestions? He is very very patient and artistic.
how fast is it
is glue and paint included
What level is it? 2,3,1?
It's finished? Or am I making it?
Is it easy to biuld for someone who has never does one of these models, and are they easy to paint
Is this a level 2 ?
are the guns mounted on the skid or the door
what color is the original paint
Do you have to paint this model?
Did it come with a pump?
Can I use this for my dog or will it pop?
Is it durable?
What are the shipping dimensions?
Does it have a drain outlet /plug ??
how much water fits in this pool
is that top ring really PINK? this looks like a great pool for my 9 month old but we have a BOY!
How many balls is needed to make this a ball pit for one-year olds?
Does this pool have a padded floor?
What is the gallon capacity?
IS THIS A GOOD FIGURE
is it a bad figure to get or should i get the leagaccy verison
should i buy it
is this figure any good and i saw a legacy verision of this figure should i go with that or go with this one
How many cups come for this price?
Are these cups big enough to bake regular cupcakes in?
I'm trying to use these to serve Strawberries and Blueberries for kids. Will these be large enough for a small kids portion?
Are these cups wax lined?
How many ounces do these cups hold.
How tall/big is this train
should paint be flat or enamel?
This is an unassembled model? Or not? Static display I understand, nothing moves, but I have to make it?
is this dcc compatable
does it have a controller with it?
so i just got it and now im confused my grandpa says that it is assembled so it is unassembled???!!!
wait so does the piece stick topgether or do i need to buy the tools?Please answer fast
does it come painted
Does it include "Duluth Messabe &amp; Iron Range" (DM&amp;IR) decal as shown in the picture ?
Is it ho scale
Is this telescope suitable for terrestrial observation I mean viewing landscape objects?
can camera be attached for astro photography???
How clear can you see deep-sky objects? like nebulas and star clusters? will I see some details or just bright dots?
What are the shipped box dimensions? I need to know them to calculate the shipping costs to my area please
Should I buy this telescope or this one? http://www.amazon.com/Orion-09007-Spa...
Currently, item can be shipped only within the U.S. does this include APO?
hi guys, does anyone know the dimensions of the box that this comes in? i want to pack it in my suitcase and bring it back home.
Any case recommendation for this telescope
I need help!!! Can someone advise which telescope would be able to viw stars of a m13???
does this scope have a spherical mirror or a parabolic mirror?
What age group is this item recommended for?
Is the drill issue fixed was ready to order this and then read about the dirll not working whats up with that
How big are the bolts themselves? Wondering about the younger kid choking on them, as EVERYTHING goes in her mouth right now..
Hi, I would like to know how many plastic bolts (screws) are included in this design and drill set?
We bought this toy for our grandson's 3rd birthday. The drill doesn't hold the screwdriver heads - they just fall out. Any thoughts?
How many plastic bolts?
will this drill work with bolts from step 2?
Can we buy a second drill so children can use the set at once?
Does it come with a box or something to store all the parts and bolts?
LOVE this whole set but my drill bits wont stay in the drill they keep falling out and frustrating my kids... what can be done to fix this?
my 4 years old girl's foot size is 29 (eu)so i'm interested which size will be appropriate for her? question is about ice skates, thanks
My 5 years old girl's foot size is 30 (eu) and she usually prefers a little extra room. Could you please help to choose the best skates size for her?
My daughter is size toddler 10, what size would she be?
My girl's shoes size is US Girls 12 1/2- Is there an online Riedell sizing chart somewhere? Or can someone advise the appropriate Riedell size??
My daughter (12 years old) and I wear a woman's size 7.5-8. I read these skates run small. Would the size 9 fit us? Or, are these only youth sizes?
My 5 year daughter wears toddler size 10 shoes. Her foot measured 6 7/8-7 inches. Which size skates are the right size? Thanks in advance!
my girl is 10 yrs old wearing size 3 in shoes which is the correct size on skates
My daughter is a size 4 in shoes, what size should I get her in skates?
Do the edges need to be sharpend before use for the first time?
What is the age for this?
Does this pedal in forward and reverse?
Is this one wheel drive or two wheel drive? We are having a hard time getting enough traction for any of our kids to ride it - one wheel slips.
How difficult is it to pedal this in grass? We would be purchasing this for a 3 year old to use in the backyard. Thanks!
Weight of child up to ?
Only 1 wheel spins when you pedal- are both wheels supposed to spin when you pedal?
does steering wheel turn tractor
Does this have a battery or is it just a pedal ride on?
Hi guys! My eight year old niece loves robots. I need a remote control robot that will work on "carpeting". Also how is this thing on batteries.
what kind of batteries it take? rechargeable?
Is it programmable? Can I write codes to create new instructions?
Robosapien v. I-SOBOT: I am writing to ask which robot is better speech-wise, Robosapien or I-SOBOT?
Does it have a camera
Can it pick up stuff
Son just received this for Christmas and it doesn't work! We have tried several batteries and turned the robot on. HELP!
is this robot interactive? can it talk and respond to questions?
is this robot interactive? can it talk and respond to questions?
do the arms and legs extend?
Does it appear under-powered or stuck on gravel? How about on sands?
does the charger come with the item?
I need a replacement charger. Please where can I get one?
Does it come already assembled?
whats the heigh requirement or heigh max? my 16mo is 33in. worried he wont get much use from this.
Does it work on wood floors?
What is the appropriate height of the kid to drive this comfortably ? My kid is within the age range. He is a bit big for his age group.
My son is 18 months but a big dude, tall. Would he grow out of this fast? He's in the 97% for height and weight
does is drive well on grass
age limit
Can you tell me the model number for this battery and how long it will take to arrive in Massachusetts? Thank you!
I need to replace (2) 0801-0051 6v batteries. they are 6.25 X 4.25 X 2.6, will these work for me?
I am looking for a replacement battery for my power wheels caterpillar dump truck model 78656-9993 I s this the right one?
will this work for Barbie GPZ that requires 000801-0481 battery? Thank you.
Is this 9.5 AH?
Is this a rechargeable battery?
I have two girls - turning 3 &amp; 4 - they are average height.. Would they get use out of this? What would the max age be? I know they list it as 6?
what is the size about shipping box in inches?
Is the material safe to place inside babys bedroom?
What is the size of the box it comes in?
What are the dimensions?
When it's turned on it shifts in a circle. Does it suppose to do that? I saw one at a party fixed/sitting in one place.
How loud is this when it's on?
How long does one bottle of bubbles last? My son's birthday is 2 hours and I need to know how many bottles to purchase. Thanks!
what does it run from, electric or what
I noticed another bubble product on Amazon advertising that it was a tear free solution. Does anyone know if this solution is tear free?
I have seen this answered both ways, so can someone who has recently purchased this product tell me if it comes with bubble solution or not?
Will the bubble-machine work with other brand's bubble-soap??
Does this machine have different speed setting so you can adjust the amount of bubble output?
can I use dish soap???
Has anyone ever used this in an indoor space with hardwood floors for a party? I'm concerned about whether it can make the floor slippery?
are the pieces glass
Directions for playing Pente
So what is Pente Plus? I've been a Pente fan for years, too, but what is Pente Plus?
Is the board fabric or plastic
Is this the old game with wooden tile holders or the new plastic version? I'm looking for the old one.
What is the age group for players
Is the super scrabble the original with roller bearings on bottom of board and board with raised edges where letters go......I just want more info bec
Is the board a raised grid board? or a flat board?
Deluxe Version? Does anyone know the scoop when the Super Scrabble Deluxe version (with grooved, lazy-Susan game boardcomes out?
What is the exact measurement of the board? Are the tiles the same size as the regular size board and how many tiles per each letter of the alphabet?
Are there any differences (quality, etc.) between this and the 2009 edition?
What age child is it suitable for?
Country of origin, please
Great car, but very strong rubber and paint odor. How did you get rid of it ?
Is the child able to "walk" the car Flintstones style? In other words, can this be propelled without pedaling?
Does this go in the grass at all? I can't imagine it does
How was the microscope
I have 2 dogs and 2 cats. I want to keep a check out and make sure they have no worms. Will this scope work for what I want it for. Worm checking is the only reason I want a scope.
Will it work with rechargeable batteries vs. regular batteries?
Does it come with a case?
Would this be too advanced for a 6 year old? I don't want to have to hover over her to use it.
Is the knife real?
Is this miccrocipe good for 12year old?
does it come with any slides?
For what age is this recommended .?
i want to persuade my mom to buy me it how can i persuade her and say that the microscope is useful at home
Will this connect to hotwheels tracks? Thanks
is this a bath toy car wash ?
does it need batteries
ok for 5 year old????
How wide &amp; deep is the seat? It does not look adjustable between the arms.
Can you use these chairs on the beach rather than in the water? Will the straps hold the back up?
I'm thinking on bringing this to South America. How big is the box it comes in?
how heavy is this? I may want to take it on a trip. Do I really need an air pump?
how much weight can it hold? I am a very large guy and i want to know if this will sink or not
I bought two of these chairs and we can't get either of them to blow up. Each air intake valve seems solid on the bottom. Did anyone else have this pr
how heavy is the chair? We want to take on cruise and have limited weight allowance
Is there a rope you can attach to this float?
How much weight does it hold
Are you getting 2? A blue and a purple?
How deep is this? Deep enough to cover an adult's stomach if filled?
can this be secured to a rope
does thi deflate quickly?
Honestly, how long with this float last with out puncturing? At the lake? At home?
Will the Coleman hand pump for inflatables work with this?
What do I do if the magnets in the nursing nina cat don't work?
Is there any way to make new whiskers?
what size is the mother cat?
Is this machine washable?
In the picture there is a sound button. I'm curious... when is there sound? Doesn't it show the questions on the screen?
I know it says ''colors my vary" but i'm curious, what is the most common color, what color do you usually get?
If I buy this RIGHT NOW, can you ship it today? I'd like to have it sent to my daughter while shes away at camp this week, so time is of the essence.
Sick Thoughts?
how to change batteries in the Q20.
WHAT THE HECK IS A MINERAL?
What material is this made of?
Where is the lamb made?
Described as Machine Washable? Thank you!
Can I buy a 5lb bag of aunt jemima flour
What is the actual card size?
what is the size of the cards
Are both decks the same colour back or is one red and one blue?
How many jokers come in this deck of cards?
are these regular size cards or larger cards
Are the backs the same color or different?
What is the measurements of cards
The actual size of these cards &amp; the print?
Description is unclear--do you get 2 DECKS?
Does this have a lighted screen?
can you play vegas style
does this unit have an undo button?
Is this the model pictured or the newer model.
How many solitaire games does it have?
What is the size of the screen on this solitaire hand held game?
Where can I get the Instructions?
does it light up
back-lighting
Hello, is it possible to deliver in France? Cordially
Where are these made?
What are the dimensions of this toy?
is this product a size where the child can push the stroller around?
My daughter likes Calico Critters. I just don't like all the plastic accessories. Will this work for the little animals that are about 1-2 inches?
Will this work with a Barbie size doll house, and with Barbie, Kelly, Skipper and more, also the playground pieces, will they work with Kelly and frie
Would this work with Calico Critters, or is it too big?
Will this nursery furniture hold the "youngest daughter" of the happy family poseable dolls?? I believe she's approx. 3 inches tall.
Will this fit/same scale with the regular Melissa and Doug playhouse
Will it fit in Melissa and Dougs fold and go mini dollhouse?
Will this fit in imaginarium doll house?
Would this set fit the KidCraft Chelsea dollhouse? We also have the Melissa and Doug family (7 little dolls- including the baby).
How tall is the baby?
Does the Plan Toys furniture fit in the Pottery Barn dollhouse?
how big
would you know if the furniture would be sized to work with fisher price loving family dolls?
Is this sturdy? The parts on the shower look a little like my kids will break them!
Is the Plan Toys house a 1/12 dollhouse? I'm trying to establish scale for comparison purposes. Thanks.
Would this set work in the Fisher Price Loving Families dollhouses?
Is this (73081) the same blue colour as the neo style kitchen (731001)
Are the pieces (sink, refrigerator, etc.) all attached together or can they stand alone?
Do the doors and oven door open?
how tall is refrigerator?
Is this 1 inch to 1 foot scale?
Is this for 18" dolls? Can't find a any measurements :)
Has anyone ever purchased this for HAPE All Season House? They look nicer than HAPE family, but since they are taller will they fit this house?
how tall are these dolls
Would these doll house furnishings be a good size for a Barbie house, or would they be too small
would they fit a 1:12 scale house
Any families of color? Or a diverse family?
what is the bondable part of their arms and legs made from?
Would these little dolls fit the KidKraft Chelsea Dollhouse? and if so, is there any extended family members available ie a baby, grandparents, pets?
How tall are these dolls?
Can you use other types of cars on this?
Would this be a good joint gift for 4-year-old &amp; 19-month-old boys or is it too advanced &amp;/or contain choking hazards for the 19-month-old?
what ages is this garage meant for
How easy do you think it is to disassemble &amp; reassemble?
Is the elevator supposed to wind down as well as up?
Would you address the concern that the quality of this product has diminished since the 2006 review.
Do the Disney Cars diecast vehicles work with this set? They are bigger than typical matchbox cars.
New version or old version? Does anyone know which one you get when you order this?
Are the two decks different colors, i.e. blue and red backs?
How many cards in each deck?
Is the printing all black like the "nine of spades" shown? I am looking for ALL BLACK large print cards for my sister. Thanks.
This price must be a misprint, isn't it?
Will this scratch my stainless steel fridge?
I purchased this for my granddaughter in 2009 and want one for other grandchildren....why has the price gone from $20 to nearly $100?????
Why is it sooooo expensive? Other stores have this product for $14.95...
How big of a doll can fit in the crib?
what does this item come with.
Is the cabinet big enough to put a dowel rod in and hang clothes from a hanger?
bitty baby
what is the size of the crib?
dimensions of crib
Does the mobile have to be attached or can we just leave it out all together???
Is the bed bottom made of cardboard or is it wood? Does it come with a "mattress" for the bed?
Does this come in a flat box, and are there instructions included?
how tall is the crib from the ground
Would this fit a Baby Alive doll? Dimensions: 15.98 " H x 14.02 " W x 5.98 " L
Can you take the fabric off the seat?
will a 22 inch doll fit in it?
Does the high chair come assembled?
what size doll can fit in the hugh chair
What size doll will it hold
What is it made off?
what are the dimensions?
will this work for 18" American Girl Doll?
will an American doll fit in the bed?
What Does it come with
what iis it made of?
the dimentions
Is the bed wood?
Does the ladder connect to the bed or just lean against it?
Have any good quality bunk beds for dolls that you know of??
What are the dimentions of the beds?
what is the width and length of the bed? I would like to make a blanket and more but cannot find any measurements for a bed for an 18" doll.
Please tell me the specific number and quantity or batteries that are required. A search for a 1170 Li I battery does not define the #.
Is this set appropriate for 4 year old?
does it come with a magic hat?
How does the Melissa and Doug set compare to the Ideal (100) Trick Spectacular Magic Show Suitcase? This is for my 9-year-old son.
Would it be appropriate for a smart 6 year old?
I ordered the Melissa &amp; Doug Deluxe Magic Set, 1st use with the ball trick, the box broke. Can I get a replacement?
Why wasn't an instruction booklet enclosed? Where can I get one?
What to store this in? All the teeny pieces are easily lost! Need a bag or some sort of container to keep it all together. Suggestions?
What to store it in? This magic set is great but need a bag or something to keep all the little pieces together. Suggestions?
can you show me a picture of the instruckshons for the predick the number trick
Does a seat or bench come with the piano?
What is the sound quality of the piano? Does it sound like a real piano or does it make 'tink tink' tin can sounds?
kids age
Can you play chords on it (multiple keys sound when struck simultaneously), or does it just allow one key at a time?
How many keys are on the keyboard of the piano?
is it tuned?
Do the keys fall off or top board pops out when piano is lifted or moved quickly?
Is this Melissa &amp; Doug's piano really built with lead pain?
Is this good for a 9 month old to pull up on? He had so much fun pulling up on and playing with my niece's Barbie piano, but it was a little taller.
Were your kids able to actually learn true finger placement on the keys? Were they able to learn to read music on a Staff &amp; know which key it is?
my daughter is 3 yrs old and really wants a rocking horse but she is 3 1/2 feet tall...would she be too big for this toy?
would it be suitable for a l year old?
What do you think of this for a one year old birthday??
Does this horse make any sounds?
Were you able to confirm I will get a horse with white patch? I would like to order soon.
How can I be sure to get a horse with a white diamond and white chest patch? One picture shows solid brown head and body.
Just obtained a previously ridden M&amp;D rocking horse for our grandson and have 2 questions: 1) The head moves easily, forward (down) which allows our grandson to lean/fall forward to where he's laying horizontal on the back of the neck. Is the head...
Does it have the white star on the head or not? Are there 2 different colors, please refer to the pictures. Thank you. Does yours have a white spot
Do you know how high off the ground the seat sits on this rocking horse? Thank you.
Will this fit a 24" waist without flopping around, also want to wear it out of the water too.
How long is the belt? How big a waist will it fit?
"Is the maximum total weight (10 pounds) enough to permit one to walk fully immirged in water?
What is the difference in benefits of ankle weights and weighted belt?
is her skirt made of fabric or plastic?
is there a intergaation driod that is figure that darth vader had when he was questioning princess kleia in the new hope
is this figure good to get for the new hope?
Is she 3 inches or 13? The product description says 13, but someone else asked and was told 3? was that a typo or is she really only 3 inches?
is this the leia figure i should get for the new hope or is there another one out there
How tall is this Princess Leia?
Is this chewbacca go for the bag that comes with the 1980 c3po with remove able parts ?
is this the cehwie to get for my cantina collection for the new hope
i am trying do the cantina scene in the new hope is this chewie good to get
is this the figure i need for the cantina scene for the new hope
is this the chewbacca i should go with for thge cantina scene
This set has a dry erase board but comes with crayons...no markers...do I need to buy dry erase markers or do the crayons write on the board?
Does it come with any other maps besides a US map? (e.g., Canada or world map)
Can you use regular chalk on the dry erase board?
Is this product appropriate for a 4 year old in preschool?
Would a child like to play independently with this toy -(no other siblings and lives in the country).
Does this include one or two pads for each of the paper accessories (report cards, hall passes, quizzes...)
Can I buy another map?, for example Central o Southamerica?
Is this an appropriate gift for a little girl turning 7?
Does it come with the pointer?
does it come with an eraser for the board? The black square looks like one?
Am I understanding the description correctly, the bedding and mattress do not come with the bed?
Does this bed have anything to hold the mattress up? We've gotten one second hand and the mattress keeps falling into the middle.
Are the sides high enough to keep them from rolling out of bed?
At what age did you ditch this bed and buy a bigger one?
do you ship to qatar ?
What age did they outgrow this bed? My son is 3.5 but 95% for height so he is at least the height of the average 4.5 year old.
does anyone know the exact dimensions the plywood should be?
I see in all the reviews and the description that a peice of plywood is needed to hold up the mattress, How big shoud it be cut?
Shipping to New Zealand: Anyone knows?
what is the exact size of plywood we need?
Is the battery easy to change? We have the similar bumble bee product from bright starts and the battery is impossible to change?
What is frustrating free packaging?
Is this toy a French - English toy ?
in spanish?
Is this toy too young for a 1 year old who is still crawling? He like to throw and chase balls, and can crawl very fast.
Will this ball move well over the carpet or cloth play mats ?
Can you specify the size of the board in inches, when the board is open?
size please
what is the size
What size is this?
will it mix with other marble runs?
How is it for age 8+ users? This is the suggested age, so it's not that helpful to see how two and three year olds fare with it.
Anyone find a place to get extra marbles? Quercetti doesn't seem to sell them, and I haven't been able to find them in this size.
does it make noises?
Is this good for outdoor use, and digging in the sand, dirt and rocks manually? My son is 3.5 and loves using the bucket for digging outdoors. thanks
Is the large (23") or small (17") excavator recommended for a 3-5 year old for indoor play? How do they vary in terms of features? Thank you.
Is it worth the money? It seems very expensive for a toy truck, but I can't find anything similar for less.
Is this good for a 6 year old or for younger?
is this a battery operated? what are the measurments
Is it operated by a remote control
what are the dimensions?
what size is this
can the kids ride on it?
how many faces will it paint?
Does this kit contain templates or suggested patterns to paint?
How long will this last? Will it last for say 50 kids? 100?
Can i get a list of all colors of paint included?
How are the paints stored between usage as they seem to be uncovered? Would they dry up ?
does any of the paint sparkle?
what size are the paints?
So would this work at a party where we are having water slides? Or will it just come off with the water?
Help! I can't tell what all pictures are in the book. I see mostly full face designs. Does the book show how to do smaller cheek designs?
there directions for a "Cat" face design?
What are the dimensions when put away? Would this be compact enough to fit in a suitcase/duffle bag for airplane travel?
Does this fold up in a circular shape?
Does this zip up down the front and across the bottom? Is the entire front mesh and then the sides mesh?
What are the dimensions when it is set up?
Is this a G gauge train?
can this set be made oval to fit on a piece of 4x4 plywood?
Can you remove the const. vehicles to use them with other cat toys ...ie the Toy State bridge, the mine, and shipping port? Same size vehicles?
What is the power source?
Hi - are we able to buy additional track for this train?
the photos show three different train sets, the iron diesel, the old construction express and the newer construction express, which one is it?
is the track "G Guage?"
'Axis And Allies' vs Risk: What is the best board wargame in the world?
Is it possible to send this in Italy - Rome?
I can't figure out if the price of this is a joke......
How is it? Has anyone played this?
Can anyone post the actual measurements of this please?
Does this toy microwave have a timer that counts down like a real one? If it does, does it show the numbers and count down the same as real one?
Is it ran by batteries?
can it actually cook? I'm searching the smallest &amp; lightest microwave I could find to take to a road trip for adults
How big is it, measurements?
What are the dimensions of this toy microwave?
Does this set include the items from the Snap Circuits Electromagnetism kit?
Does the SC-750 Kit include a motion detector?
Where can I get the list of 750 projects that can be done using this product?
Is there more than base to snap parts onto in the kit?
Does anyone know if the 750 has any/all of the features of the light and sound kits?
Does the kit come with a computer interface and software?
Does it work with Apple's Mac computers?
I'm thinking on this for my 7 &amp; 9 year old grandsons, do I need anything extra?
I understand there is a storage case for the parts, is it included with the SC-750 or is this extra?
In the kit that I got, the propeller/fan doesn't securely attach to the motor, but can be easily taken off. Is this a defect or is this by design?
Is the dry erase surface magnetic?
Is there a surface that can hold magnetic numbers/letters?
is this height adjustable?
Is there something that holds the paper taut at the top and at the bottom like the Hape Easel?
My daughter is 8 and wants an easel like this. I don't want to spend more money on an adult one that is too big.... but is this going to be too small?
What accessories come with the Deluxe Standing Easel???
Has anyone who purchased this recently had issues with the chalk board? What chalk board priming is necessary, if any?
the easel came with accesories
Where can I buy the roll of paper for the easel?
My 5 year old grandson is very tall height adjustable is how tall?
can a a 6 yer old fit in a truck
Can you fit two kids in this car??
What is the width of the assembled vehicle? Wondering if son would be able to drive it through our doorways.
Does truck have to be assembled ??
my grandson is 4ft tall. will this fit him?
how good is the turning radius and manuever ability.
Is the truck grey or white? Description says white but picture is grey
Average age that your kids became too big for the vehicle? I know it says ages 3-5 but I didn't know if anyone had it last longer for their kids?
In this picture it shows the back storage part having a peice that covers it. MIne did not come with it. Is it suppose to come with it.
Is the truck grey or white? Description says white but picture is grey
Can I buy separate figures of various skin color to teach racial profiling?
Does it come with a TSA Pre-check bypass lane?
Is this the same playset used for transatlantic flights/customs? Does duty free over 3 oz. still get confiscated?
Why do the figurines have smiles?
Can the powder-blue scarf be removed and if so can it be reworked into traditional Arab head scarf?
is this thing real? bc if it is, the pricetag is TOTALLY worth it. Strangely, I haven't been able to locate one in the duty-free shops at BWI....
Can the suitcase be opened and riffled through for items to pocket?
Why aren't the screeners wearing blue gloves?
How much dignity does it come with? Can you buy extra when what is supplied runs out?
Is there a Philly version where the checkers plant drugs so they can strip search underage girls?
Does this come with a case?
Is this recorder made in Germany? If not where is it made?
Is this exactly 14 inches? I need the precise measurement for a theatrical production. Thanks!
Does this product include any cleaning tools such as swab ?
does it scratch easy?
Is it possible to get a case for this recorder? I would really like for it to have some protection.
Where is this swing set made?
Are the monkey bars high? My 11 year old has been asking for monkey bars for 2 years now, but I am afraid her feet would touch the ground and the set
Is this swingset easy to assemble?
What is the blue bar up by the ladder for? It seems in the way to get onto the monkey bars. Can it be taken off?
what is the weight limit on this set
Can you anchor this set without using cement
Is it possible to add a slide onto the set? What brand/type is appropriate?
how tall is the Kettler Trimmstation Swing Set
Can you please tell me the dimensions of the set.
Marvel Legends Series 6 - Deadpool Action Figure is this new in package?
one left and a great price? how is the box of product tho? i want to buy but read both good and bad on seller's reviews... please answer asap
is this product in the package?
does it come with both heads
Does this guitar come with strings?
Not knowing about electric guitars at all my question is this- other than the guitar do I need to order anything else to go with it, like an amp or ??
i am thinking about purchasing this as a gift for my 6 year old granddaughter. Arev an amp and a cable necessary in order to use this?
My shoulders are both damaged, which makes my regular Ibanez guitar hard to lift. How much does it weigh?
Can i play this with Rocksmith?
Would the "mini" be a good first guitar for a 12-year old boy (he insists on electric) or should I consider the regular size Squier? Thanks in advance
is this a real fender guitar?
Is this a HSS pickup configuration?
is it suitable for an adult
Did your guitar come with a Whammy Bar?
are these real silk?
Do these scarves have hems?
what are the dimensions of these scarves?
what colors do they come in?
Are there twelves scarves in the package for $15.36?
Could you use regular drum sticks on this or would it break?
Ships in 4 to 9 months??? If this is Prime, wouldn't it ship in 2 days?
Is the drum top made from animal skin, plant, or is it synthetic?
Can this also be played with bare hands? Is the sound as good that way?
What is the recommended age group?
Is this appropriate for a 6 year old boy?
What materials are in the drum? Is it animal-free?
can you gift wrap
Where can you get replacement mallets?
Ships in 4 to 9 months??? If this is Prime, wouldn't it ship in 2 days?
The product dimensions say it's only 2' tall, but reviews are saying this thing is HUGE. What is the size after being built?
The product description says folds for storage, but is it easily folded (stay in one piece) and does it fold flat? Thanks.
Does this thing have a floor?
how tall and long is it
Could we use this outdoor? How many times do you think it can be folded up &amp; down if I wanted temporary setup outside?
Would this be appropriate for 2 year old? Looking for a birthday present.
It is too dark inside the hut? Does it have enough natural light coming in if it's in a well-lit room?
Does the mail slot open?
is it strong?
What are its dimensions?
is it hard to assemble?
What country is this made in?
Is this style doll house available in a smaller version?? About 2/3 this size?
Can this dollhouse be painted? I'm looking for one I can personalize for my future grandchildren.
What is the scale to determine appropriate furniture?
Is this made of solid wood or is there particle board or plywood?
What is the size of this dollhouse, once assembled? (Not sure if the product description is for the house as packaged, or for the house as assembled.)
I show 4 terminals for power up top, do they automatically power the sides or do I need a jumper to power the sides?
Anyone have experience with the 3M 318 Breadboard($75)? Looking for the difference between it and this Elenco. I have to purchase for a college class.
Is the gap in the middle of the rows size for standard DIPs?
The board does not come with assembly instructions. How to set it up? The four color round buttons go in the top, but it doesn't power the board?
Hi, the hole size of on my aquarium is 1.5", is this the correct bulkhead to buy for it?
Will a piece of 1" PVC pipe fit into this opening. And will PVC female threaded couplings fit on the threaded side of this?
What is the length of the threaded portion if this item?
What size connector do i need for a 2" diameter hole?
Shouldn't these have 2 gaskets - so that there is one gasket on each side of the barrel or whatever it is being connected to?
What do I need to connect this to 1.5" hose?
What mm hole saw is used for 1 1/2" bulkhead
is this threaded both sides? or thread x slip?
What is the outside diameter of the flange that goes inside the tank? Will it fit in a 2-1/2" recess?
can I use acrylic paint with this type of plastic?
Is "Injection molded" the equivalent to plastic
Is the keel prebuilt? Or it has to be built from parts? If so how well do they fit? What is the most time consumming part of building procesThank you!
What scale is this kit?
Do paints come with kit?
are the instructions in English
how long is this ship
Does this kit come with 106 parts or 762? Amazon's promo/sales page indicates both. Thanks much!
Sorry, little confused. Is this a 1/2 size guitar? And is it the right size for a 6 year old. One customer said it was too small for a 6 year old?
What is the nut and saddle made of?
What is the fingerboard and bridge made of?
How can we attach a guitar strap to this guitar? it doesn't have any pegs.
Can anyone compare this guitar to guitar works inc in Virginia?
Can you attach a strap to this guitar?
What is the length of guitar? It is listed in West Music as 32". But is noted as 34" in your description. Can you please clarify.
I want to order qty of 10 bells. What would be the shipping?
These cage bells are on what appears a fantastic sale, saving 76.92 dollars so I am assuming then that this is for an entire box of them? How many will I be getting ???
Where is this manufactured?
Exactly how many castanets come if I order 1?? The description leads me to believe 36, but the buyer comments make me think only 1.
I am also wondering if this is actually a box of 36, as described?
How many castanets in 1 order?
Can I buy an entire box and how much would it cost?
do the doors in the CURRENT model open and close?
How long is the fire truck
do the doors open
Do the doors really open - and does it really come with a fireman? An answer above says that they do, but in the reviews, it seems that they don't.
Do the sounds on this include a fire truck siren? We have a similar one and it has a honking sound and a radio call sound effect, but no siren...
do the doors open and does it come with a fireman?
Battery replacement: How do you replace batteries in the Brio polar express train???
Brio polar express train isn't working. I replaced the batteries &amp; still no luck. Does any one have any ideas regarding this problem?
Broken Wheels? Has anyone had this problem and can we fix it?
Why is it more expensive to buy a 2-pack ($24.01) than to buy 2 single packs ($11.75 each)?
what is the weight limit on float
Does 1-pack mean you'll receive 2 tubes or just 1 tube?
Is this difficult to blow up by mouth?
How do you inflate these? Obviously not by blowing in them...
Flat out of the box how much does it weigh
Can you tell me the inner dimension (the size of the hole in the tube? Thanks!
Has anyone used this in the snow? I have an old hand me down Snow Tube with an inclosed seat. Wondering if the hole in the middle makes a difference.
How many of you have had trouble with the color bleeding onto swimwear or skin?
is this sturdy enough for river tubing?
Does this unit come with tip or need to buy the tip kit? If it comes with one, what tip is it? Thanks.
What comes in this order? Is it the solder station &amp; the 40w solder iron or only the 40w solder iron? The descriptions say a few different things
is it adaptable to 220v-240v for s africa?
What is the material the station is made from?
Can you plug the iron into the wall directly, without using the station?
Are there any tips not made by Elenco that are compatible with this soldering station?
It comes as parts to be assembled? A solder station in kit form using a 40 watt soldering iron that is included to build the station.
how many volts is it suitable for uk
What tip is required to replace this?
Does this kit come with a soldering iron? I don't get that impression but some of the reviews make me think otherwise...
Does this kit include lead free solder?
sound
How many soldering points does this kit have? Would you recommend it for a beginner?
Is this the 2nd edition?
Do the kids have to be able to read and perform simple math in order to play this game?
Does this rich dad cashflow for kids comes with the book? The info is conflict in product description.
does it have latitude and longitudes marked out ?
Does it have the topography of the oceans, raised and labeled?
Is it up to date? (South Sudan, Kosovo, etc...)
Does the globe spin freely, or does it have a lot of friction?
Does the globe have raised mountains?
Does it have an inner light?
This globe has the full USA States political division?
is it really 17 pounds ? it says so in the description.
Does it require assembly?
Does the globe have Palestine or Israel on it?
Does this globe tilt as well as spin or is it set in it's axis to only spin?
Is South Sudan on this globe?
Is the globe itself made of metal or is it cardboard? If its cardboard, what about it exactly is "Bronze Metallic"?
How tall is this?
Is the map current, up to date?
Are the letters compatible with fridge phonics? Does anyone know - are the letters from Fridge Phonics compatible with the Word Builder?
Is this one better than the original word whammer? Are the letters interchangable with the original one(not the single letter one)?
The lights work on the Leapfrog Word Builder, but there is no sound at all. Any suggestions how to fix it?
I Put fresh batteries in the Leapfrog Word Builder, but there is still no sound at all. The lights are fine and strong, but there is no sound.
Can anyone tell me why this item is called the 'Word Builder', not 'Word Whammer' though the reviews are about the whammer? Its the white jetplane shaped Word Builder the same as the Red/Green/Blue word whammer?
Do you have to use it on the fridge? Do you have to use it on the fridge?
Is there a wordlist for this toy?
are the letters interchangeable?
Are you able to do single letters, or does it only do words?
does this product give the sound each letter makes?
Most importantly what are the inside dimensions (the size of card it can fit). I'm trying to verify that it will fit Dragon Sheild brand card sleeves
Are they good to store comics?
What are the exact measurements of these boxes in inches?
Would this box fit a deck of yugioh cards with sleeves?
What are the dimensions of the box?
will it hold regular size sports cards in hard top loaders ? if so how many ?
is the material cheaper than described?
Can playing cards fit in this?
dose it come with sleeves
How does it stay closed, because I remember the older ones have Velcro that would get worn out over time.
Would this box hold Star Wars LCG in sleeves?
Does it have yugioh
Will this box protect much in humid weather?
Are the cards in this box from the Starter Decks??
These paint your own horses, are they the "Classics" size?
Is the size right to go with schliech horses?
I'm thoroughly confused...I was told that these were CLASSICS size, (About i" scale, but a review said they were Paddock Pals;(The smallest size,) (?)
Does the Maverick work with Elite Darts?
age
Does it work with Whistler Darts?
Is it semi-auto?
Can my 3 year old puller the the cocker to load the gun?
Would the darts stick to the Nerf N-Strick tech target? The target has to be hit so hard that I was thinking the gun would not hit it hard enough.
Does the N strike require batteries?
Can you spin the chamber?
How many darts does it hold?
How far does it shoot? over 75 ft?
What's the best Killer Bunnies game to start off with? There are so many varieties!
Yellow booster deck included? Does anyone know for certain?
Is this good with only two players? If it is better with "more" then I would like to know as I am looking to play it with only two.
What boosters should I buy for this game and in what order?
I am a brand new player. Which game do I get, Quest or Conquest? I have read many differing things and am so confused.
Is this a complete game or does each player need their own set of cards and expansion packs?
What's all this talk of "a random carrot card" in the end determining the winner?
I can't find the red booster pack anywhere. Would it not work to just skip red? And go on to the next booster pack instead??
Is this crib made out of wood or plastic?
Is this made out of wood or plastic
Why does it have a "WARNING: CHOKING HAZARD" (Small parts. Not for children under 3 yrs.)? Which small parts does it have?
and how much does it weighs and what size?
What are the dimensions of the cradle?
Is the cradle pink or white, it doesn't say, the matching hi chair is white?
How long is it
Is the bottom of the cradle sturdy? I'd like to fill it with items for a baby shower.
Does this cradle come with the pink bedding as shown in the picture?
2questions. Is crib wood White..? And what color is bedding.
How directional is this? What is the angle of coverage? I see it has a viewfinder for aiming.
where can i get a replacement headset
The Frequency Controller which supposedly helps screen out traffic noise, etc., won't turn. What can I do?
Could not "snap" 9V battery in place.
Hear thru walls?
Can you set this up to record to a digital audio recorder (hand Held)
does this product work, I have a neighbor, stole from me can I hear 35-45 feet away
Can it be used to view normal items, or only the items that come with the microscope?
what age group is this for?
where can i buy the slides? my grandson has the microscope but none of the slides to go with it.
How do you get it to talk?
what c batteries are needed
Would this be suitable for a very intelligent 5 year old girl?
would a 4 year old girl enjoy this?
When we enter the bug code nothing happens. No response. The batteries are new, the light works find and the voice is loud and clear.
Can you use a different brand of slides (i.e. Learning Resources) with the Educational Insights GeoSafari Jr. Talking Microscope? Thanks!
Can you also view slides that you have made yourself?
adaptor Sing-Along? What kind of adaptor should be bought for the child's Sing-Along?
Burned CDs: Does anyone know if this plays burned CDs.
We cant get it to work either. It goes to the first song and then shuts off. The batteries are brand new. Who do I contact about this ?
the auto shock sign is on, what to do? I cannot make the cd player work!
does it play regular cd
My CD player3 is not registering the CD. The light says "NOd". Has anyone had this problem? How do I fix it?
where to buy the adapter?
Can I use rechargable batteries and will the ac adapter (purchased seperatly) recharge them?
Where can i get an adapter for this cd player to plug it in. It eats batteries like crazy!
Are the microphones detachable?
How many? How many images can be created using one device?
Hi everybody Does anyone have video or pics of this light? I sure would appreciate it
Can the dome be completely removed? I am interested in using the parabolic mirror to duplicate the process as seen in the recent film "Tim's Vermeer".
Can you take video of someone and hologram them?
how to use the instant hologram maker
What is the size of this guitar from one end onto the other end..
This guitar is ambidextrous? It comes un stringed?
Does this guitar have metal or molded/painted frets?
Has anyone had problems with the string bridge detaching (ripping out) from the top of the guitar, as we have?
Does the guitar have a button on the bottom to attach a shoulder strap to?
Does the pink one have nylon strings? 3 or 6?
does this make a good travel guitar?
Could someone please tell me where this guitar is made?
8 year old what size guitar
Is this guitar good for a 5yr old
how do you open it
how do I get the top to stay on after I put the money in?
May be a stupid question but what a recipient is supposed to do? find a way to get the money out or get the ball out?
Is this something 7-10 year olds could solve?
Does it come with money in it?
Our ball is stuck at the very beginning. Any ideas/suggestions on how to get the ball unstuck?
how do i put a gift card inside?
How many $100.00 dollar bills will it hold?
Is the solution provided?
What is the size of this box
how big is it?
what does the Buddha board do?
why the difference in the price on some. One is 18.99 and some 34.99. why the difference
Where can I get new rip cords? mine came broken in the package!
what type is it?
does it work with normal launchers?
how long are the chains?
Please tell us the size when the packaging of the product.?
Can they be hung on a tree limb?
What color are the chains?
does it work on metal sets
Do the rubber dipped chains have a new plastic smell?
Does the seat have metal grommets where the chain attaches, or are they plastic? (Can't tell from the picture.)
How long does the rubber coating last? We had other swings with coating (don't know what it was) and after two years it was all sticky and unusable.
Does this swing come connected to the chains? I wanted to put the swings indoors with rope.
how do i clean?
How do you hand this? From what? We don't have a lot of trees; more open space.
Has this item ever tarnished?
What are the names of the countries?
What's revised about this version? How does this version differ from the other Risk 2210 on Amazon?
does this one have cardboard peices or the other one?
should i get 2210 A.D. or Legacy for grandsons 11 and 13? how about for grandsons 7 and 8?
which one's better? Risk Legacy or this?
what is the material, the weight, the size?
why is it price so high
umm reviews say figures are 2 inches is this correct
how big is each individual figure? are they six inches or smaller?
Anyone know if these are the right size to be used in the "Godzilla: Kaiju world wars" board game?
Does it come with the pump to put air in it?
I see the age limit as 4-15, many reviewers are pre-schoolers...is this a decent size for an average 7 year old girl?
wondering what the weight limit is on this bounce ball?
how does the air stay in?
is this too small for a 5 year old?
Does it have a floor?
size and dimensions of delivery box
Can i paint de house.
are there replacement stickers for playhouse?
what is the shipping dimensions and the weight of the items?
2013: Has quality improved? Early reviews show good, later not. I understand mfg can change w/o vender knowing, but has vendor fixed quality issues?
How many connectors does the set come with?
I need this item to be shipped by the end of November. Can I pay to have it shipped before the Dec. 1-17 window and if so, how much will it cost?
fit adult
How thick are these? In mm?
Does it come with any special connectors to make balls and such or are they standard end-to-end connectors?
Where are my connectors? Got 6 tubes of 50 sticks each. There are 0 connectors in each tube.
whats the grade
would this require screws and/or glue or is it snap in?
can the sword get separated from the scabbard?
Is this model fully articulated?
What size scale model is the Astray Red Frame?
If I buy this does this have the bow?
This Gundam comes with wings? Is he a flight unit?
Obviously the picture is of the completed model, but is the item I would be buying the completed model or do i still get the fun of putting it togethe
What's the difference between this one and the "newer model"?
Does this come in the Special Edition Pearl Gloss Material?
I have the HG (1/144), do I need to change its torso too to put the riffles (hands) together?
how tall is it
is this shipped from USA? how it takes to ship to Virginia
how big is this model?
what year is this model release?
Are there any MG of 1/144 scale?
does the coch pit open on this great model kit
Where do i buy the little gear that goes on this motor? It doesnt come with a gear. Thanks
What would be better for off roading, this motor or the Dynamite 15-Turn Brushed Motor? In the Exceed RC Electric Infinitive EP rc truck
Hi will this work for a Lutema hype-r-baja truck?
Will this work on my Tamiya BlackFoot model 58058?
will this work in my tamyia subaru brat
Hi, can this motor be fitted on a Tamiya Fox? Thanks
Hi, can this motor be fitted on a Tamiya Fox? Thanks
work an duratrax evader truck
how well will this work in my exceedrc rally monster 4wd
Would this work well in an hpi e10 for drifting? Also will it plug right in and mount the same? Thanks.
Is there a way to steer it like a left and right motor function? Looks like its just 1 motor via a gear box to both sides so no way to stop one side
Think it can climb stairs?
Does anyone have the actual length and width specs of the assembled tracked vehicle?
how big is the airplane
How many pieces and what is the skill level of this kit?
do the engines traverse?
does it fly, is it an rc helli
Is glue needed to assemble and hold this osprey in place?
Is this a RC helicopter or model?
does this airplan have a remot control.does it fly
I saw the seller is from the UK. Could anybody tell me how long it took for the item to arrive? I'm ordering from Houston, TX. Thank you
what is the height of this figurine?
What material are these Merlins made out of?
how tall are these crayons?
Have you tried using these on a dry erase board?
Do these stain clothing? Are marks easily washed off a wooden table?
Would you say these are any harder or softer than regular crayons? The wax part itself.
crayola
How large is Jupiter in this product?
Can you move the planets yourself? Without using batteries and turning it on
Do the planets spin/rotate to show daylight and darkness?
Can you mount this vertically on the wall and still get the arms to rotate?
Is the moon there?
Do I need an A/C adapter for the motorized solar system?
HI. Does anyone know if this works with batteries?
Does this come pre-assembled with the planets already on the stakes or are we able to add our own planets?
What is the sise of the package?
What is the delivery time for the Geosafari System?
Does this register add like a calculator?
I am from Australia, does the talking register mention the the money by currency i.e. quarter, dime, nickel ? My daughter still loves to play shop.
are the bills the same size as real money ??
When using the scan gun on something without a bar code sticker, will it still beep or do something or is it silent?
How do you turn it off? There is no on/off switch.
how to get drawer open?
Is the Pink one the same as the Blue?
Does the register say the numbers as you type them?
In one of the pictures I doesn't see the 3 languages button. Do the cash register really have the three languages?
can't get the drawer to open. what are we doing wrong?
What is height? Minimum recommended supervised age?
Does it have a drain plug? If so, does it leak?
Would it work ok as a sensory table with rice or beans during the cold weather months?
What makes the newer version better than the original? or is it?
water table needs lid: Does anyone know if there's a lid that is sold to match this?
This was listed in the sandbox section, could it be used with sand?
Does the waterwheel come out easily?
Do the legs come off?
How many gallons of water does it hold?
hi, any idea on what are dimensions of the box?
Are there two entrances / exits on the tent or only one? I want to connect the tunnel we already have but only if there is another exit.
Can the tent be used indoors??
Dimensions??
what tunnel matches these colors? I can't seem to find a tunnel to match.
What is the size of this tent?
Does the opening of the tent have a flap closure or is it entirely open?
Can the tent be folded up for storage?
Can you confirm the colors of this item? The photo shows purple/orange/green, the description says red/blue/yellow. Which is it or does it vary?
Can this tent be washed in some way? Maybe having all the fabric parts (including floor) apart and tossing into the washer...
I feed a feral cat &amp; was thinking of putting this on my patio to keep her out of the weather when she eats. Will this work?
Many of these reviews mention the price is $80 or $75, or even on Fisher Price for $27. Why is the price on here $349.99? What is the real price?
Are there different versions of this throughout the years?
Are these bpa free?
How bad does it smell?
Just one question....If the bombs are made of glass isn't there an issue with glass shards hanging around?
do they actually smell bad
i paid 1.83 right how many will i get..?
is this a good item to leave in somones back pack
How many bottles come with this its kiind of unclear when it says?
How bad does it smell?
How do you open them? Do you stomp on them or do they have some sort of cap
is it worth it
how do I use it
Are the wheels rubber or plastic? Thanks!
What are the wagon dimensions?
how much weight can it carry?
does the backrest come off?
Early reviews indicated issues with condition of the wagon after shipping - Is this still a problem?
Will this still fits 4-6 yrs old kid?
can it be towed by a tricycle?
How does is hold up against rust?
Can one person put this wagon together easily and what tools are needed ? Thanks !
This is listed as the classic but with a seat but the classic is listed as 37.5 inches. Is this wrong info? Can I pull a 3-4 year old in this one?
Does the product needs to be attached to the ground? Im planning to place it into a terrace with floor instead of into grass.
Can you buy the swing set section separately - $$
Can I buy the whole set then change the swing with one for small babies by myself? I want to change back to the original swing when babies grow up.
What would be the minimum safe dimensions to safely use the swings in a fenced-in yard?
How big is this item (assembled)?
How big is this item (assembled)?
Can i carry the box by myself? i understand it come in two boxes?
Can anyone tell me the dimensions of the box it is shipped in?
Do you know if the plastic will crack in freezing weather? I live in Calif and didn't think about Indiana winters!
What kind of tools do you need to assemble?
does the nose make a squeek noise when punched?
does it come with sand in the bottom?
Is there sand in the bottom? Does the sand come included?
Leaks seem to be a big problem. Has quality been improved in recent years?
how does it get inflated?
Where is this product made?
Do you ship to Singapore?
is it recommended for ages 12 months and up
Are there 6 different colors of eggs?
car seat toy. can anyone recommend a toy i can get her that lights up or something?
Do the egg pieces "click" together or are the egg shell tops more like hats that just sit on top of the chicks inside?
How noisy/loud are the squeaky eggs? Would this be annoying to take on the plane?
what is difference in little chirpers eggsand hide and squeak eggs?
Where is the toy made?
Will I be shpped the newer version with brightly colored eggs? Or is this the old version that is duller?
What is the age fo this toy?
Are batteries included?
Is there more to the game than shocking?
How much does it shock you? What's the voltage?
what kind of batteries does it take?
How many AAA batteries does this require?
How soon can I get this, by Friday?
How much are the ants?
Is there anyway to feed them so that the stay alive or reproduce? My son will cry for days when they die, mostly if it's only two week period.
I live overseas and can't send ants through the mail. Can I add my own ants? I have plenty of them in my garden.
is it for harvester ants?
If the gel is disturbed (if you put food in it before you put ants in for an experiment,) will it become a solid mass again if you shake the farm?
Can I get like, four of these and combine them into one round super farm?
how long before they start to tunnel?
Can you reuse the container after the ants die? Like can you get new jell and ants?
how long will the ants last?
Does the gel come inside the container or you have to mix it and then pour it?
does the kit include the brush?
Does this require you to mix the paints to get different shades?
Age recommendation?
What size is the box?
Are the numbers printed on the outline? Are they large enough a senior citizen could read them?
age
Is this item made in China?
Is this reusable more than once? Can I repack the snakes and use it again?
What size is the can? Does it make any rattling noise when shaken, like real jelly beans do?
What colors are the snakes? Was thinking about using these for a baby gender reveal party.
How long are the snakes?
is this for one can or a case?
Is this price for 1 can or 12? The picture shows a case of cans.
How long is the cigar?
can you refill with potato/tapioca starch for more puffs like you sometimes can with the fake cigarettes?
is it just one puff?
How long does it last?
what does it include?
what does it include?
can you spend the dimes you make?
How high is this table? My five-year-old is quite tall (49 inches) and I'm worried she won't fit properly for long.
for what ages is this table approptiate
When the paper is not being used, is this table appropriate for toddler snack time?
what's the max weight a bench can take? Wondering if adult(s) can sit on it
Do the benches push in under the table? When not in use can both benches be tucked under to save space in the room?
How easy is it for a child to tip the table over? It looks top heavy.
Is it worth it to buy this table for twins who are already 5.5 years old? They also have a baby sister but I want them to get some use out of it.
How do you clean the table? Does a standard multi-surface cleaner ruin the paint or chalkboard finish?
Can 4 children sit there?
How wide is the paper roll on this model.? 12 inches or 18 inches?
Would it be better to use wood glue or cyanoacrylate glue? Also, how do you tighten the tissue on the wings?
Does glue come in the kit
What are the tools required to build the model? Glue, Blades...etc???
how long does it take to build
Does this soldering kit come with the solder? If not what type of solder do I need to buy? To make my self clear, I'm looking to know if this come with solder? Not a soldering gun.
Does anyone have the instructions for this item? Ours didn't come with any.
When Soldering - The copper pads at the solder points are easily coming off the board, any body had similar experience? how to prevent this?
Dose this product come painted? Or do you have to paint it?
is this just a model? or can you see the inside working parts?
Is the engine block itself metal or plastic?
How many pieces does it contain?
Dose it requier glue?
Revell Metal Body Ford 427 SOHC Engine: Is this product a kit that you put together yourself or is it a ready-made model?
What are the dimensions?
Which skill level is this
how big is it
what is the correct width of copper sheathing on 1/96 scale?
Are all the parts the same color, e.g., is everything gray?
My kit only has one diameter of black rigging thread, .25 mm, but instructions say "small" dia and "medium" dia thread. what dia are required?
Is this a wooden ship?
Is th materal woodor plastic?
is there any way to get hold of a second spruce full of crew members? I've been looking all over the net with no luck.
Why is this kit priced so high? You can buy it directly from Revell for $94.95
how many different bottles of paint are required, or is it best to spray it on?
If I am starting to build models , should I start with this one ? ( I'm 13 )
im 13 is this a good ship to start with
anyone know how airbrush paint does on any type of model kits
Does it have a remot control
Do you have to paint it?
how long is this boat
how fragile is this ship.
is it fragile like if a kid played with it how easy would it break
is it remote control?
where we can get the rigging?
Curious to know if the map is up-to-date.
Amazon tells me "WARNING: CHOKING HAZARD--Small parts. Not for children under 3 yrs". Uhh, what small part is there on a stuffed globe?
two hug a planet globes = flaccid: i bought two hug a planet globes for my grandchildren but there was no stuffing, Where do you suggest should I get the stuffing?
This Q might be for the maker, but what is "all new material inside" mean? What is it filled with really?
Does this come with the pocket that has the moon inside?
Do you ship to Australia please?
what size is it
How do you make him dance - I can't get the one I have to move
can it stand up?
can he talk
can he talk
can he talk
how cuddly is he? does the dancing machinery make him too firm for bedtime snuggles?
Is the butt covered in fur or is there just plastic?
This might sound like a strange question but what color is his fur? It looks red in the photo but other sellers show it as brown.
About how long does it take (in hours) to build the model?
Will any plastic cement work with this kit?
What size is the model when completed?
What is the scale of this model?
how big is it?
There are two lists for product specifications. One conterdicts the other. could you look on the site and tell me which is accuratre. http://ww
Does this include sails? The photos only show rigging and lines.
Does this model come with paint and glue?
how long is this ship?
does it come with glue and paint?
does this train run on elect or is it batt opreated and what all comes with it
can the track for this train be added to make it larger and if so how much more
which is the width of the tracks? thx
Is this locomotive reasonably quiet?
Does this train contain lead or lead paint?
Is this DCC ready?
Are the wheels metal?
What power pack / speed controller is in this set? looking for 44212?
About how much train cars can the locomotive take?
one of my radius is 21". will this train negotiate it.
What special paint is needed ? Aside from the basics.
What are the types of figures included in this model? All pilots or ground crew as well?
what is the wheel base measurement? In case the question is not understood, what I am asking is the distance between the front and rear landing gear.
does this come with the atomic bombs
how big is this in inches when it is built?
Thank you all for our help. Which two do you think I should start for my next project , this model or the b17 fortress ? ( my first project is most likely going to be the p51 )
If I am starting to build models , should I start with this ( I'm 13 ) ?
does it come with a stand, also with this purchase how much more would i need for free shiping
Hello Sir, do I need to buy some ink to paint it ? Or the ink is included?
Why wont Amazon ship to New Zealand?????? Very annoying
How many do you need to make a complete circle?
Does 4/card mean there are 4 curved tracks per package?
which is the width of the tracks? thx
Does it take 4 pieces to make a half circle?
I buy this steel alloy radius to my silver rail track set, will this be work with the layout I have I.e silver rail track?
Is this for a HO scale track?
will this work if a track from classic holiday sante fe flyer train set broke?
So can this tracks go with any train set or does it have to be a particular brand?
Will it work on the brand of train Hobby Train?
where can i find more curved tracks?
Why does my train set not work, only the light goes on?
does anyone no how to change lite bulbs on the post office car?
This track is WAYY too big for my house and its always off track. can i put it on another round, smaller track that is more stable?
where can I get a replacement control part
does this set have a power connector to each of the cars?
I recently bought a used version of this train off of craigslist but it had no manual, how do you charge it?
have a 3 year old train and the electric transformer died can i get a new one
what is the diameter of the track?
Does anyone have a car that makes a clicking sound?
L. M. Fuke strongly encouraged the use of glue clamps for putting together the B-17 Flying Fortress. What are the best glue clamps to use?
how fast and high it go?
Does it come with a stand? How challenging is painting it?
IS THIS TOO DETAILED FOR A 12 YR. OLD?
real size
is this remote controlled airplane
how big is it??
Do the airplane fly?
what color paints are required?
can it be controlled with a remote control and fly by itself?
is it metal or plastic?
what is smallest to largest scales
Does this train stay on the tracks well at all speeds.Thanks in advance
What is the tightest turn radius this engine can take?
Is this train DCC Equipped for speed and direction?
Is this DCC ready?
Gauge ? What is the sets Gauge- N or HO ?
what do you do if you buy a train set n scale and you have every thing lade out but the engine dont run
Are the wheels plastic or metal.Thanks in advance
couplers? what type of couplers do this train have?
is this HO gauge and does it fit all Bachman sets?
does it come with a power track that you can plug the controller into
Any of these EZ tracks available for the ON30?
Is it HO scale?
How do you get power to this figure of 8? Where does the 10in power track go?
Says comes with 4 curved, 4 straight and crossover, 9 pieces. Pink colors in pic show only 5 pieces. Are the 4 straight supposed to be pink?
Anyone know the diameter of each of the circles this figure 8 makes?
Is it not more affordable to by a 4-pack of curved track and a Fastrack 90 degree crossover? Seems like it should work but I don't know for sure.
How many pieces total come in this pack? Is it 5 or 9?
My CW-80 Transformer, which was included with the original Lionel Set does not provide adequate power in order for my train to complete the figure 8.
My 50's vintage o27 track doen't seem to work very well. I need an oval for under the tree. Can this figure 8 be made into a good size oval?
Will this figure 8 track fit on a 36" x 72" table?
Is this track compatible with or the same as 027 gauge?
can i clean the tracks with a rag and water?
What is the maximum number of O36 Fas Track sections that the polar express will run on efficiently?
How Do I build a diameter bigger than 36" with this kind of pieces 036?.Thanks
How wide is the track layout with four of these curves?
Is this fast track compatible with the Lionel Train Polar Express G-Gauge set?
Will the Lionel FasTrack O36 Curve Track work with an O-27 train set?
this is o gauge track right?
do these tracks work with the Lionel New York Central Flyer O Gauge set?Got set for grandson -what tracks/cars to get?
Will my Dad's 1928 O gauge American Flyer run on this? It runs on 3 rail O gauge tubular track now but the masonite backing on the tracks is rotting.
My husband got some metal train items (caboose, engine etc) through his employer from a catalog. I do not know the brand name. Will these work?
Will these work with Lionel Junction Union Pacific O-Gauge Lion Chief Remote Train Set? Thanks in advance.
Purchasing the Pennsylvania G gauge set for Christmas. Do the FasTrack Straight Track - 4 packs work with G Gauge also the O curve?
Lionel Fastrack - Train runs 6-8 sections on an 8'X12' oval and stops. Tried replacing track pieces &amp; ran different engines with same results. Any help?
Can I use one of these tracks as a terminal track to connect the transformer?
How long are each tracks
Can I use multiple packs of track on the Lionel Polar Express? george
Does the Lionel Express run on tracks with 2 rails or three? Thanks on advance....George....80 tears old....My wife thinks I've hlipped!!
What is the longest length of track this unit will successfully power. I have a large layout and don't just want a small oval.
How can we power accessories (remote turnouts) using this. I don't see any ports which can be used to connect to accessories which need power
My thanks to Sem123, Boomerbob and Paul W - my layout is 25ft by 10ft in a U shape so about 80ft of track - will this be good to power that length?
Some users have expressed concerns that there is no DCC volume control. Has this been an issue for other owners?
does it work with HO scale or O scale ???
does it work with n scale
How many HO locomotives can this unit operate at one time? When running multiple engines, can the speed of each be independently controlled?
is this only the controller?
I'm planning on using the controller for N scale. Right now I have several DC locos, is this controller ok to use for N scale dc locos one at a time?
will it accept other manufacturers' decoders?
What are the TECHNICAL SPECS for this unit? philip
I is the mrc 1300 suitable for G scale trains
is this for a dc layout
is this is for a dc layout
Hy dear Friends I have Fleischmann N.This power pack is ok with my railroad? thanks for your time and interest
can you use this for ho scale true track terminals
What color is the base? (Important for getting the right bracelet)
I see where someone said this alarm system does not work in salt water pools. Is that true?
how fare can you keep the base station? Our pond is well away from the house
What kind of batteries does it take?
how to put the battery in the vehicle?
Best remote control car
Any thoughts of this RC vs. Thomas the train (http://www.amazon.com/dp/B007J3F98O/)
are the batteries included?
What size and number of batteries for the shark
how fast? we bought different boat and it was too fast for small children
Is the remote control waterproof?
RANGE
what size and how many batteries for the remote and the car?
how far can they go from the remote
how big is the hole in the seat
would a 3 to 4 year old fit in there
can a 10 year old fit
Can the kids use them in a salty water, sea?
There are no plugs to keep air in. Were there suppose to be plugs included in this package?
What is the weight capacity?
I cant seem to find the stem to blow it up. Where do i blow it up from?
I'm not a small man. So I'm lookig for a float that I can comfprtable in. Will this one work for me?
Can it hold a 220 man?
Can you lay on ur stomach with this float?
Does the footrest fold?
Dimensions
What is the max weight this float holds?
Is there some way to tie a rope on it?
Will this work in the ocean?
What is the vinyl gage on this product?
can you pull with a motor boat
Do you really need a heavy duty air compressor to inflate? Where do you obtain one?
Would it hold 5 people?
Does it have a rope around the outside for adults to guide it?
How big in diameter is this thing? I need to know to see if there is room with the other big float I already have, please help?
is there a cupholder?
Does this set come with a remote controller?
Are the tracks aluminum?
This item ships to Australia but does it come with a 240v transformer?
What track do I buy to make this larger? I have a huge tree! Thanks in advance!
Is this train an O Gauge train set?
what are the ratings
Does this train set plug into the wall or just run off batteries?
is there any way we can get more smoke out of the stack?
Is this paint set all flat colors?
Does this come with the actual airbrush sprayer?
does this paint contain lead?
do you need thinner to airbrush these paints
Of the 9 bottles of acrylic paint in this set, exactly which ones are flat and which are glossy?
Exactly what colors are included. Description lists several as "either or" colors
What launcher goes with this rocket?
What comes in the Estes 1261 Baby Bertha Flying Model Rocket Kit?
do you need to buy an engine for this?
how high can it fly
Are the couplers Accucouple or rapido?
is this ho scale?
What is the scale of this item? Product Description says "N scale", but Product Specification says "1:24" (NOT N scale!) Item no. not on Bachmann web site.
Is the track shown in the picture included
What is included in this "kit" other than the tumbler?
HOW LONG DOES IT TAKE TO POLISH A ROCK
Can I buy just lids? My lid wore out...the rocks just ground a hole right through it and I only need a new lid, not a whole new barrel.
Does anyone know what the size limit is on rocks the tumbler can accommodate? Thanks
Do all the rocks it comes with intended for one batch only? or do they need to be separated based on size and hardness?
How do you stop it from wearing out the drum? I have leveled this and it still walks to the end and rubs and grinds the rubber away?
can you use this to make beach glass
The description says this is an AR-1, but the photo is a model T, which is it?
What rocket engine does it require?
Please help! Which launcher do I need for this rocket? Brand new to this. Tx!
how high can it go?
Does this have a parachute?
Does it come with a launcher?
Have you ever used this to glue legos together? I'm moving and my son wants me to glue his large projects together so I'm looking for strong hold glu
Do you think this will glue a plastic glasses frame around the lens? Also once you use it does it seal well so it can be resused? Thanks!
Will it Glue Plastic to a Painted Surface?
Will it cement metal to plastic, specifically a steel, flat-headed pin to the face of my cell phone? I need it to activate the tiny on/off button.
is it water-soluble
Is this the model master glue with the metal tip NOT the plastic tip?
IS A BATTERY INCLUDED?
what is the MPH of this?
Do you know why the top part does not close completely? Is this supposed to be loose? Water gets into the engine area.
Hi, What is the different between 3810 and 38104 since the price is twice as much? Thanks
What is the maximum operating range? I was told by a salesman at trend times it is 2000 feet, that's right two thousand, find that hard to believe!
can this be used in salt water
Can i run this boat with a 5000mAh battery with no damage to ESC?
1 review says track+Thomas train doesn't fit under, but a lot of reviews say it "fits with existing sets," so does it fit track+Thomas train under?
Will the Lillabo train and track fit under this bridge?
are the "stones" painted on or is it a sticker?
Is this piece compatible with the Toys r Us Imaginarium train set?
Will this bridge work with The Melissa &amp; Doug wooden train set?
Will this fit Chuggington trains underneath (through the tunnel)?
The description says 1/400th scale but the box says 1/700th scale.....which one is it?
What ages is this for?
how many pieces?
Hello D+L, I don't need replacement rockets, I need the blue tails. They get damaged and rockets fly erratic, I am sure I am not the only one that would buy a ten pack of replacement tails. Thanks
Air Hogs Replacement Rockets: Has anyone tried this?
will they work with the ultra stomp rocket?
Will these refill rockets fit on the Stomp Rocket Jr launching tube?
are the extra 2 red rockets foam or hard plastic on the end
Will they work with Uncle Milton's Boba Fett launcher?
Do these work with the Stomp Rocket Jr.?
Hoe many rockets come in the replacement packs?
Will this body fit the Stampede VXL?
Does this fit traxxas rustler
is this a clear body?
would this be able to balance very small props like on the Hubsan X4? 2 inch plastic props.
What is the shaft diameter?
What is the biggest prop size you can balance? I have 13 x 4s and might get 15" next, will these work?
Is this a Genuine Du-Bro RC product and how do I know it's not a counterfeit? Thanks in advance for your patience.
Does this come with the rod for balancing a DJI Phantom 3 prop?
I'm assuming this would work just as well with a 3 or 4 bladed prop, anyone know differently?
Does it come with the balancing rod?
Does this balance Walkera h500 propellers?
This is a naive question: but just-what happens when you balance a prop? Does it bend the prop in some way?
Is the price reasonable when I could probably make my own prop balancer?
Is this rerailer compatable with older N gauge track?
bachmann train: Can someone tell me how this product is called so i could buy it. thanks
Is this N Scale?
is their a weight limit on the Noodle Chair?
Does this chair have the elastic bands to hold on to the noodle or is the noodle held in place by inserting it into the "sleeve"?
In addition to being a chair, could I also use it to kind of hold onto as a float if I got in the water and kicked my legs for exercise?
does it come with the noodle?
Does this come with the noodles? Did this noodle chair come with a noodle?
I have the Holiday Express #384. Does anyone know where to purchase more curved track?
Will these fit the holiday express holiday train model number 380? i need replacement tracks for the straight and curved
Do these tracks fit the Sears Holiday Express Animated Train Set No.385S
is this track plastic and brass, or just plastic?
Is this track compatible with LGB brass track?
Is this 380 track or 384 track? The two are not compatible and won't fit together. You need to show the end connections on the track.
is this track compatible with model #380? if you aren't sure, what model train set did this come from?
What play food do you use with this so that it scans?
Do you have to have batteries to make the drawer open? Just wondering if it is possible to play with it if the batteries die...
After scanning and getting a total, will it let you enter the amount paid and how much change to give the customer?
Are the listed dimensions correct? I've seen it listed as being larger on other sites.
Would it recognize Australian coins?
When you slide a credit card, does it beep?
Will it recognize real coins as well as the fake coins?
It has a scanner but what does it scan?
Can anyone tell me how many coins are included? Thank you!
does it beep when items are scanned
How big are the balls exactly? Too small for a child who is still putting objects in their mouth?
has anyone had trouble with the penquin not rolling? i have had this toy for about a year and love it, but my penquin can't make it to the bottom.
Can you buy replacement balls, penguin and frog?
what is the age range for this toy? Is it too babyish for a 2 yrs old?
The fins that came with mine look different from the ones in the picture and the decals don't fit. Anybody else notice this?
Will the launch pad and rod used with an Estes Taser rocket work with the Ninja?
My son is sensitive to noise. Is this very loud?
whats the best propelent for this rocket
Would I be able to fit an egg inside of it? Its for a science project
can you fly this rocket more than one time
What age group is this rocket for
what else will i need to purchase to fly this rocket?
If I order the kit does it come with the rod, engine,etc. or do I need to purchase that separately?
Will this rocket launch with the launch pad in the 1403 Riptide Launch Set?
the size engine
Does this rocket require separate purchase of a launch controller?
I see 2 versions of big bertha pictured on this page. which one did you recieve the black version or the yellow version with the "big bertha" decals?
Sorrry I'm new to this: Do I need to buy an engine and launch pad or is it included?
Hi, I'm beginner so what do I need to buy beside "Estes 1948 Big Bertha Flying Model Rocket Kit" ?
does this kit include the launching frame, or does it need to be purchased separately?
Does the launch pad tilt for wind adjustment
Would I be able to fit an egg inside of it? Its for a science project
Would I be able to fit an egg inside of it? Its for a science project
where can I find parts for toy wagons, esp wheels?
did radio flyer have a large horse and wagon toy that a child could pedal
Would this wagon work as a newborn photo shoot?
Will kids books fit in it?
are you able to ship this to Cape town , South Africa?
What are the dimensions for the Little Red Wagon?
how big is the wagon
Is the wagon handle plastic or metal?
the dimensions
Where can I buy the bear pictured in the wagon?
does it come with batteries
Would my friends know its a shock pen if i handed it to them
Can this pen write
does it hurt to get shocked?
Does it write
whatgaugeisit
Are the Turnouts - Manual - Remote - or - DCC?
would you recommend the HO or N scale?
Is this an N scale track set?
is the kit n scale
I see mostly 3 and 4 yr olds receiving. Would a 5 year old enjoy?
Would a hand puppet work?
what size is it? Give the dimensions
dimensions of the stage
Do these dolls fit in Melissa and Doug victorian doll house?
Please answer the question several people have asked. My question is the same: How tall are the dolls?
comparable to the plan toys dollhouse dolls? Can anyone give me a measurement in inches of their size?
Batteries: Why does the Melissa and Doug wooden dollhouse require lithium ion batteries?
Is it made of PVC? Does it offgas/outgas?
Can you tell me where the globe is inflated? Is the hole on the top or the bottom?
what size is it? How many inches in diameter?
How big? Specs ?
will it work for rc tires
Is this a good glue to use with the turquoise inlay?
is this a good glue to mix with the turquoise inlay?
Does it work on ceramics
Does the servo come with other horns or mounting hardware?
How is this powered?
Why can't I buy more than 5 servos? I need to buy 18 servos, but the page only lets me to buy 5 items.
Do you know how many teeth the servo spline has? 23T, 24T, 25T?
Can I hook up this servo to a gyro for my 450 helicopter?
are these metal gears?
Does it have any leads to a reciever
Is it 360 degree or 180 degree?
How strong is this servo?
So I need a controller board? Which one?
does this servo rotate 180 degrees?
Will this servo replace the stock servos on the Redcat Rockslide rs10 xt?
Does this come with a servo horn?
Is this servo continuous rotation?
What do I do when my steering servo goes crazy and turn the opposite Direction
can I install it on a exceed maxstone despite it's not a traxxas rc?
is it somewhat thesame as a 2018 servo?
Serves on the traxxas revo 3.3?
serves on the e-revo 1/10? What is the wheel for this tire?
17 mm Wheels?
Will this transformer easily hook up to the Lionel Fastrack terminal section?
Can it run 2 trains at the same time?
Ho would it hook up to Lionel fastracs? The Lionel transformer I have comes already attached to a track
this transformer can run on 220-240 volt power supply in india? and throtal unit with 50watt transformer can match 100 watt power brick.
Will this transformer work with tubular tracks for loinel trains in 1969. Do you need attack wires to hook up to the track .
will it work with WEYERHAUSER SHAY LIO38057 locomotive
Can I use this with my ho scale?
I have an American Flyer train from 1955. Will the xformer run it?
Is this compatible with a 1979 Wabash Cannonball Die-cast 2-4-2 steam engine train set?
Does it work with N gauge trains
what is the guarntee how long
Is it possible/easy to connect this controller to Bachmann track?
What else is needed beside this pack power to run the trains .
Will this work with a Revell HO train set?
What HO transformer powers 2 trains and assocceries
Will this work on my G Guage Gandy Dancer?
Can this power pack be used with a Lionel O scale Train set ?
has anyone tried to make a foam cutter with this? reply with feedback asap thx
i have a ho scale norfolk southern rtr dcc train will this power pack run my train
It is possible to run two HO locomotives with this Power pack?
Will this fit on a Team Associated 2wd Sc10?
Will this fit a HPI RS-4-2
Will this bumper go on a Telluride ?
will his fit the eRevo 1/16 eRevo? Does it protect the front wheels?
Will it fit a Traxxas slash chassis?
Will this fit on the Traxxas 1/18 scale e
will it fit a RC10t4.1?
Is this what I need for my Large Scale set? The picture "looks" right. Mine says "1 Amp speed controller" item no. 44213
What percentage power should it take to get a train moving?
does it cut foam??? reply if u were sucessful...thanks
Is this speed controller compatible with a N scale train?
i have a bachmann dcc control center you know the one with the 10 button on it my ? is will this work with that controller ? THANKS
is this for HO scale EZtrack
How many trains can you run with this unit
can I use a crock that has been sealed with this epoxy to put food in?
can i use this as a final seal to be painted over Swarovski crystals designs that are adhered to bone..(cow skull)
I need to glue a rhinestone back on a purse. Will this dry clear under the rhinestone? Thank you!
How stong of a bond will this have on plastic to metal?
Will the unused material in the tubes keep for a long time after it is opened?
Will this epoxy work to apply acrylic rhinestones to fabric/clothing? Is it washable? Does it foam?
Will this epoxy bond leather and sterling silver with strength? I need a clear or black epoxy for glueing bracelets that hold heavy glass beads.
how is this for fastening fused glass to metal bails?
Can it be used like a "paint". ie.. brush it on thin layer small objects for waterproof coating?
Can clear epoxy used to glue back a resin made vase?
what is the best age?
Is it for a 14 year old
Would a 3 1/2 year old be able to use the Ultra stomp rocket?
Could i launch a golf ball using the stomp rocket?
add said 18.99 but whien i pulled it up it was 21.99
Can it be played indoors?
Whereis this made?
Do the rockets float?
how big is this box that the toys comes in? I need to know if i have luggage space for it before ordering. thank you.
Can you tilt the angle that you shoot the rocket at? Or does it just shoot vertical?
Will this work for American Flyer S Guage? 16 volt AC.
will the 1370 make the 12 volt bulbs brighter compared to the mrc 1300? both have the same wattage but i think different amps
Is this compatible with Bachmann G scale trains ?
Does anyone know how this one differs from the 1300 model? They look pretty much identical.
I have a Lionel 4060 transformer from the early 80's that ran a Lionel DC 8007 loco. Would this be a good replacement?
can i use this for an o gauge lionel train set for adding accessories?
how many volts?
How many watts?
What is the amperage rating?
As described in the product detals, it weighs only 1 pound for this 27" big thing. I am a little suspecious on this. Could you confirm it?
is it 28 inches from paws to paws or including the tail?
Is it soft
Where is this product made
I want to get this for a one year old. what are the eyes made of?
Does it have little beads in the paws and tail?
Can it be washed? What are the cleaning instructions.
are all the bears the same size?
What kind of container do the Bears come in?
Where was the product made?
What is the diameter of the bears?
How is this set packaged? Are the bears in a tub or is there a container for the entire set that will hold the bowls in addition to the bears?
Are replacement color coordinated strips and songbooks available? Ours is lost!
Hi, do you ship to the UK? Also, what is the difference between this product and the one which the list price is $269.99? Many thanks.
Is it made of wood?
what is the difference between this piano and this one? http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000...
how is the sound?
What is the height and width?
What age is this for? Manufacturer recommended age is 36 months to 8 year, yet the reviews often are for children under 3.
Does the top of the piano open?
Is this machine washable?
Materials are?
Made in?
Are the 5 cups different colors to coordinate with the bears?
are these bears different sizes or all one size?
what is the actual size of each individual bear ?
Are these primary colors? It's hard to tell by the photo compared to the photos of the other brands. The blue looks very light.
Where are they manufactured?
Would these be good for picking up with tongs to practice fine motor skills? Or are they slippery?
Do these come in an orginal/color printed box (not brown cardboard) or a ziploc bag ? I want to give it as a gift and don't want it to look used!
What type of plastic are these made from?
Can you find replacement bears?
Can these be shipped sooner than 1 or 2 months? Need these in 3 weeks from today
How big are these bears? In cm or inches.
Are the bears different sizes?
what kind of plastic is used in this counter. Are they toxic?
Is this just the bears or does the cups come with it?
Who knows what colors they come in?
What kind of plastic are these made from?
Are the nets plastic or cardboard?
Does the cylinder and cone have the same circle measurements? Same height?
Do these have a top on them so you can close the shape? I can't tell from the pictures.
How big are these? Dimensions? Thanks.
how many come in this set?
Can I use is for Car detailing, Can this work as the clay which is used to clean the Car ?
I would like to use Sculpey to make impressions from a stone seal. Would Sculpey stick in the crevices? How would I clean it off of the stone?
Do you ship outside of the US?
can you combine shipping for multiple items?
Is this only for kids ?
Does the ego safari junior have a headphone jack?
Do the older version Geosafari cards work with this model?
battery capacity ?
Do cars purchased 15 years ago still work on the newer model of geosafari?
can you purchase more cards?
What is age bracket for this GeoSafari
Can this laptop use the age 4-7 cards?
Is there an AC adapter for this?
do you ship to UK? if so what is cost?
Is there a headphone jack?
I like to know Educational Insights Laptop coming with cards or need to buy extra cards? In addition to Ac Adapter is it need more batteries?
how many pieces come in this set? how many of each animal?? thanks
Which set will I get the one with the brown rabbit or white rabbit?
Does this inlude the board or just the pieces?
Would these fire in lower oxygen environments? We want to launch a small rocket from 100k feet above sea level.
How do you know which rocket engine to use with which rocket? Expect to buy Kit # 1469.
Can the engine pack be mailed?
Would it be okay to fly this engine at a school's field?
ten year grandson want to help start him on something instead of xbox ?
Is this safe to be carried on an airplane? I live in India and want my friend in the US to carry it. Wondering if it is a problem in checked baggage?
I would like to use this with a 4th grade gifted classroom. Is it appropriate for that grade level?
I purchased this product a few weeks ago for $144.00 and it was a prime item. Why has the price increased so much and shipping is now almost $20?
Why was the price raised from 169 to 175 from last night
Does this set use the classic k'nex sized pieces? or does it use the micro sized?
will this work with windows 8.1
Do the pieces lay in the position that they fit together, so you don't have to rotate them. Does it have a back ground picture so you can tell if things are fitting together right.
After a puzzle is put together &amp; it ask do you want to save it , yes no or cancel. The only way I have found to start a different one is to click no, but then you have to go back to the icon on the desk &amp; start everthing over. Is there any way to avoid...
Can some one tell me the step by step way to install this item so I cn use it.
Is it correct that this software will import pictures from the computer's library and make jigsaw puzzles out of them?
How many puzzles for this product?
How many different puzzles are on the CD with 300 pieces for jigsaws glore
how many puzzle pieces in each puzzle ?
will this CD work with Windows 8???
Does the bottom of the cargo net need to be attached to something?
can this be hung indoors, on a wall?
How big is it?
What is involved in "some assembly"? Are the wood dowels secured or might they slip out of the rope?
How well do the wooden dowels withstand weather?
What are the dimensions of the box where the item is shipped?
Can this net be shortened to attach to a shorter swing set?
can this be installed on a creative playthings swing set as a replacement for a broken cargo net?
how does it attach at the top?
what are the dimensions? Do the wooden top and bottom pieces come with it?
is there a lumber list for this kit i could view ahead of buying? Id like to price it all out before committing!
Are the swing hangers long enough to go through a 4x6x12?
I am only interested in one or two swings and a slide. Can the top beam be shorter to accommodate this?
Can you configure to add monkey bars? I have a 7 1/2YO who is a climber.
What is the overall size of this once it's actually built? I'm trying to figure out the footprint for our backyard before we commit to buying. Thanks!
Do chains come with this set?
Can this be made with cedar rather than pressure treated lumber?
Our swings have fallen off the chain several times while my girls (who are lighter than 50 lbs.) were swinging. Was I supposed to crimp them on?
What is the recommended slide for this kit?
where do u find lumber
How does the swing attach to the set? Do i need to buy carabiners or s hooks, or does the swing chain come with them?
what are the measurements of the seat?
Can I just buy the coated chain separately?
Can I attach this swing to a tree?
can I just buy the seat? already have chains.
What are the chain dimensions? I am wondering, if unlike cheaper swings, the chain included will accommodate standard size carabiners.
How Long are the chains? Can you put it on a tree?
we have sturdy tree branches screaming for a swing to be hung from them....how best do I secure this swing (loop over and latch?) ?
Do the vinyl dipped chains have a new plastic smell?
deck
Does the bottom section fold down for easy entry?
Does this lounger have adjustable back?
Is it possible to get replacement cushions for these chairs? I have one which is a couple of seasons old and the fabric has completely split apart.
What is the weight limit for the lounge when it's in the water?
Can you just purchase the liner. I already have two chairs but over time the netting has frayed away
how much does it weigh
Are the arm rest inflatable or are they solid, like styrofoam?
can I just buy the insert I have the frame
When assembling there is a strap across back, is there also a strap across foot section of chair required? Our box came with only one strap. Thank you for your help.
Are replacement fabric seats available??
measurements + type of wood..will breyer traditional horses fit ??
What are the dimensions. I have never seen the dimensions listed anywhere
I'm am thinking of getting this barn for my 3.5 year old who is horse crazy, is 3.5 to young for this barn?
Will breyer traditional horses fit
is this the chewbacca from the new hope because iam trying to figure out my cantina thing
How many joints are there on this action figure? (as in ball joint and swivel joints)
is this the chewbacca i should go for for my cantina scene
I purchased this charger the light does not come on when I try to charge it I have tried everything but still not light. Anyone have any ideals?&gt;
Hi , how is the item warranty ?
I have a 12v charger model # 00801-0638 does this fit, it doesn't look like the end that the car wire plug
does this charger work with the dune racers?
Indicatior light does not go on when I plugged it in my outlet. The powerwheels quick charge is it a dead charger that was just sold to me!
I have a barbie jammin jeep and I'm not sure if I am suppose to purchase a 1L or 3L?
does this work with the fisher price Barbie jammin jeep
Does this battery charger work with the Dora the Explorer Lil' Quad? Thanks.
Will this charger work with the Dora the Explorer power wheels? Thanks.
I have a Barbie Beach Party Jeep Wrangler Power Wheels--will this charger work on the stock battery?
Does it come with a battery? The picture shows a battery.
does this charger work for ANY 6v power wheels?
Power Wheels 6V Charger.The charger must only be used with a Power Wheels Type 6-volt lead acid battery. Why does it state this, "This charger is intended for use only with a Power Wheels 12-volt lead acid battery", under product details for use with...
If no battery is connected, and the charger is plugged into the wall, should any lights be lit?
Does the light on the charger light up when a plugged into the wall (no battery connected)?
Can this be used to inflate beach balls and kiddy pools?
Can you use this foot pump or exercise balls
can this be used as forge bellowa
Can I use an attachment for inflating sports balls and rubber bouncy balls?
Does this pump have to correct attachment to work on a Coleman Quickbed?
I misplaced the hose for this item that i bought last June. is there a way to purchase a replacement hose?
This item is currently in stock, Why my order placed on Dec. 2nd has not yet been shipped?
Can I use it with Intex Classic Downy Full Airbed? I've heard tha nozzle diameter in mattress is 3/4.
Is there a brake on this one? Torn between this and the wagon but I can't tell if this one is good for a 9-month old just starting to pull up.
is it reasonably sturdy for kids to ride in? seems inevitable, as it is a car with a seat, that my toddler will want to be pushed around in it....
Can you adjust the tension on the wheels so that it doesn't get ahead of a new walker?
what's the size of the wall chart ?
How wide are the clear plastic pockets. I have 2 pocket charts that are not that wide and tall cards flop over.
Do smethport cards fit well in the slots?
Where can you buy the cards shown in the picture?
how large is it
Where can we get another copy of the instructions? Are they available online?
can you blow it off more then 1 time?
Can the mold be re-used multiple times?
What areDimensions?
is the overall size of the puzzle as big as 4 1000 pcs puzzle or bigger? How many pcs of cardboard that used for 1000pcs puzzle i need to build this?
Why is Virgo spelled Vergo in this puzzle?
Can you deliver this puzzle in serbia
What is the best surface to build the whole thing on? custom 5x7 board? 5000 piece puzzles will fit on 4x8 but this is too big, please help!
could I get by on one set for my 5.5 &amp; 10 yr olds, opposed to buying regular and jr sets?
How many people can (reasonably) play at one time? I am a math teacher and I am wondering how many sets to buy...
challenging
how old do you have to be to play?
is this the british version of peppa dollhouse?
What&acute;s the total weight?
Is it a good product?
are Mummy and Daddy Pig included ???
Is the furniture included ?
If I am shipping this to the USA will it still be free shipping? Or will I have to pay extra charges?
What the dimensions of product?
this whole family included ?
will this work for my magic the gathering cards
are these clear on both sides?
Do these work with baseball cards?
Do these fit Yu-Gi-Oh! cards? And can I double sleeve with players choice?
I know these are good to double sleeve your magic cards with. Does anyone know if you can use them with Ultra Pro as the outer sleeves?
Does this fit with buddyfight
Do these work with Dragon Shield sleeves?
Do these work well with Pokemon cards?
this one is closeable or not, im not sure did i say in a right way, but is this able to stick together and make it closed?
so this is a sleef or a protector, its fits in the sleef right?
How many of each denomination does it come with?
Does this money fit in a Learning Resources cash register?
Why are batteries required?
Do you sell just bills in the same size? I want to order extra bills.
can you give us the dimensions of the draw?
how many of each bill
Doug and meilissa, i am looking for this for a horese race party that i am hosting. the set is perfect. due to the number of people i will need another set of the paper bills. Can i add another set of bills only and how much would that extra cost...
Does this set come with a lid? I need the set to be portable.
Do the dimes and quarters have grooves on the sides?
Can anyone tell me if real bills will fit in the compartments? Thanks!
I want to use these with a magnetic sudoku board. Can someone tell me how many of each number there are, and confirm they go from 0 through 9?
What size are the individual squares?
are these squares to hold or just flat like a piece of paper?
unifix versus snap cubes
Do these work to teach place value?
what size
Are these an alternative to Cuisenaire Rods?
where is it made?
Can this doll be washed?
The picture posts a doll in a pink outfit, but product description says: She's dressed in a white knit top, red-and-white stripe dress, dark jeans and a little sailor's cap. Which would I receive?
how do you clean it? Our 14 months old is attached to it but I find it's hard to clean
Are the eyes and nose plastic?
How big is it?
how much bigger is the medium versus the baby gund spunky?
Are the eyes hard plastic or stitched on eyes?
what is the size of these dogs?
Is this game something a 6 or 8 yr. old could play?
does it tell what moves to make like a teacher
My 5yo already plays. Does this teach more advanced moves or just the basics?
Can this game be played by one person? If so, will there still be an element of surprise?
what country was this manufactured in?
We received our set and got 2 white Kings and no queen. Is there anyway to send us a white Queen?
can one person play this
Do the pieces stand up well ,since they are not weighted?
can you play regular chess with this set
When I typed "magnetic chess board" in the search field, this set came up. Does this set contain magnetic pieces/board?
Will these cars fit the Hot Wheels Carcade track?
Are these individually packaged (20 individual packaged cars) or a bulk package of 20?
Will these cars fit the hot wheels super loop chase race track set?
What are the dimensions of the box?
Will these cars work well on the Hot Wheels Track Builder Total Turbo Takeover Track Set?
good morning I wonder if the cars are iron
Do these roll back and make the click noise that can be used on the hot wheel loop race tracks?
Could I specify I would prefer a pack with mostly race cars. These will be used for a race car themed birthday party.
hello would you like to know how many vehicles brings this package? Thank you
Are these cars ok for a little guy &lt;2 years old?
Charged it up will make sounds but will not move. How do I fix this?
can you purchase extra tracks, and can this train pull extra cars?
Are these trains out of production? All I can find are "collectables".
I am interested in this item, how much would it cost to ship to to Canada at postal code of v7a3e9??
How do I charge the battery?
Train works fine, but no sound..(Do not have instruction manual)
what age child is it appropriate for?
does it come with rails?
Have this and missing one of the connector pieces that would allow it to plug into a wall outlet, where can I purchase that connector/wire set up?
charged it up makes sound but motor will not engage. Sits silent How do I fix this?
Will you be making your play money a little bit bigger, like 5" x 2.5"? it's nicer when it's bigger.
is this actual size of money or is it smaller
Why is this item recommended for use with the Learning Resources register when they do not work together?
Is it double sided
What are the dimensions of the bills? I am aware they are smaller than real bills, but how small is that actually?
How much smaller are the bills than real money? Will they pass for real size at a glance?
does this play money go with your learning resources play calculater/register I just purchases. I don't think coins or play money comes with it ...
Are the coins metal or plastic?
Are the arrows big enough to pull back all the way
how many arrows does it have?
Would the 12" arrows too short for the 34" bow? Is the bow really 34" long?
is 34x4x2 the measurement of the box?
what does it plug into?
Does this game play in real time? Will the game be moved to Wenesday, or will it stay at Tuesday?
i have a VERY IMORTANT QUESTION!!!!!!!!!!! does this plug into vcrs and work?
international use: Does any one know if dream life works on UK Televisions?
What is the size of the boat and what size cars does it carry?
Does it float
Does it come with the cars shown.
What age is this toy for
Does the end of the boat flip down to allow cars to drive onto boat?
Do the sides fold in for easy storage?
Hi! I would like to buy a toy Melissa &amp; Doug Deluxe Puppet Theater but before I tedious size of this toy in upakevke (box size, packaging).
How tall is the bottom of the staging area from the floor?
How tall is it out of the box
Puppet theatre Demensions
Can you un assemble fairly easy
im missing the chalkboard how can i get a replacement
There are several customers that say the holes do not meet up for assembly. Are these first quality or seconds?
Does it fold up for storage?
includes puppets? Does this really include the 2 kidkraft puppets mentioned in the Product Description?
Should I get the talker zoo or this A to Z learning zoo?
Does the Zoo Keeper, Food Cart and car come with this?
Does the train (shown in very last pic) come with the set?
Doo all of the animals come with the playset?
Possible to purchase individual animals? Does anyone know if it is possible to purchase individual animals?
Can this thing be turned down? It's so loud and I can't find a button to turn it down! Help!
you can put in Spanish. Buy one for my baby and I am from Venezuela
How can I reset it?
Hello - I'm trying send a note to you to ask if I could receive a specific animal, but cannot figure out how to do so...thanks!
I want to order only the dragon. Do I make sure that the dragon picture is in the larger view when I order? Something else?
Weight Capacity for kids?
What is the inside diameter of the ring?
weight limit
We have lost some of the letters. Any way to re-order extras?
Is there a cover or anything to hold the pieces in when not being played with?
how many pieces
21 April 2014 - Is the paint still peeling? Wood splintering? They've had four yrs since that seemed to be an issue. Thanks!
what age is this for?
hi, can someone tell me exactly how many letters are in the set? I can't seem to get an exact number- just over 50? I have 63 which seems odd. Thanks!
Are all the letters of the alphabet in this set?
Are Melissa and Doug products made in USA?
How many letters are there in the set? Do they make a complete alphabet set all together?
What is the diameter of this tunnel?
Is the mesh thick and durable?
Some reviews from 2012 that stated there were strong fumes from the item. Has anyone else experienced this?
The dimensions says 20 diameter, says 19 within description, and cust revw says 18 diam. My tent has an 18" opening for tunnel. Which is it?
how was your tunnel packaged? I just got mine and it was shipped in its original box, and tunnel wasnt in plastic. Im worried that its used.
Is the inside of this tunnel padded?
WHERE IS THIS MANUFACTURED?
Product description mentions small parts, and that it's not suitable for kids under 3 due to choking hazards. What small parts are involved?
Where is this manufactured?
Can this tunnel be connected to the Pacific Play Super Duper 4 Kids Tent?
Is this kit have script for the character?
Girls party
Can the host play a character as well?
what is the age recommendation
Is This a Power Wheel? If so What size Battery
Can this be partially disassembled so it can be transported in a car (sedan)?
could you put real tires on this? those plastic ones don't seem to last long, wearing down and eventually cracking
What are the dimensions and weight of the box this comes in? I'm in Australia but my sister lives in LA so could post it here for me.
is there a way to add a "trailer" to the back if bought separately?
Can you tell me the distance in inches from the seat to the ground. Trying to figure out if my son would be big enough for this yet. Thank You.
manual video instruction
Hi, I would like to know the total dimensions for this product and the weight. I am trying to figure it out if I can bring as a luggage on my trip by plane.
What do you think about this toy for a 7 year old? He's in 1st grade and average to tall for a 7 year old, but he covets this toy and still likes "lit
Ok, so what is the story with how this thing peddles on grass and grassy hills and such???
How big are the blocks?
How many pieces and what sizes of each, please?
Would these be appropriate for a 5 year old? Or would a 5 year old be too old for this toy?
Which game would you prefer? The original or the Europe version?
Is it possible to play the Europe version with the rules of the US version? (I prefer the simplicity of the US version but prefer the Europe map)
Does this game require that the players know English? Thank you.
Would this game be fun for a group of adults? I like the idea but I see a recommended age of 8-12 years.
Use of the train stations: Do they need to be put on a city where you already have cars for a continuing route--or just make a dead end connection?
How many cards come in this game?
How many is the ideal number of players? Is it 4? If so, is 5 better than 3? or is 3 better?
Would the game board be considered an accurate map? I want to use it to help prepare students for the National Geographic Bee.
Can you play this in teams?
How is ticket to Ride Europe different than the United States board game?
I can't decide between the party or family edition. We have four in our family...adults are 52, kids are 14 and 11. Does anybody have any suggestion
I'm looking to buy this as a game to play in an office, can you have 7 teams of more than one person. Perhaps 7 teams of 3-4 people?
where do i get additional question cards
I'm looking at Wits And Wagers in a yellow box and can't tell whether it's the party or family edition (the orange box Wits and Wagers isn't availabl.
Does the party edition have a felt betting mat?
whats the difference between the yellow box and party edition?
Is there a way to modify the game so only 3 people need to play? I know the family version only requires 3 people but I'd rather buy this version.
how many cards in this edition?
is it suitable for children
Do you have this only in blue ? can you please post a picture of the Blue jeep? and pics with the doors/hood etc open ?
I like the one pictured... is that the one I'll be getting?
Is this Jeep available in black?
Do you have this color in orange?
how fast and the Mhz?????
is it for kids
how big is it
What color can I get
Do you currently have blue? My son lost his and is asking Santa for a new one.
Hard to tell from the pic, but does it have a wheel on the back? Thanks!
DOES THE STEERING WHEEL TURN THE FRONT WHEELS
Is there a longer handle for parents to push or is it the same low one that is pictured?
Why does it say its for a 1 yr old and up, yet has a choking warning, stating, not suitable for under 3yrs.?
How high is the seat from the ground? My grandson is big for his age and I want to make sure it is tall enough.
Does this toy come in a box?
Can you buy a trailer to attach to this?
My son is 2 1/2. Is this a good present for him that he will get use out of? It's hard to know on size...He's 3feet tall!
Can you attach a trailer to this model
What is the weight limit on the tractor?
Has anyone else had trouble with their child's feet getting caught and scraped on the bottom edge of the rear wheel wells as they are pushing themself
Can a 3 3/4 inch action figure fit inside it?
what "Scale" is this Toy?
Is it rc
Can I get it in green?
how big is it
Will traditional sized Breyer horses fit in this trailer?
how big is this toy?
Does this set come with a horse or is that another purchase?
I want to buy a toy truck and trailer to help my wife learn how to back our horse trailer. It looks like the front wells respond to turns. Is this realistic enough to get the feel of steering while backing with a trailer?
Will it fit Schleich horses?
Does anyone know if this is larger than the schleich horse trailer and jeep?
Does the Bruder riding woman actually fit in the jeep?
will a 12' X 9' horse fit in the trailer???
how heavy is?
hot tall is this item?\
The armor that this post is metal or plastic
metal or plastic?
As someone who's never owned a rubiks cube, upon completion which kind of demon shall i expect to see emerge from the cube?
is it 3*3 or 4*4 ? if its 4*4 then i would return it back !
does it come with solution???
what size is this cube
Is this the version with the spherical center or the cross type center, stickers or stickerless?
where is this made
What are the ages for the Rubiks Cube?
is this the speed cube one
Does the tent foldable?does it easy to store?
how easy is it to put together?
A lot of reviews said their 1 - 2 year olds used it but the manufacturer says small parts and a choking hazard for under 3. Is this a concern?
Friend's apt has very small storage space: how small does the tent fold with its rods?(i see that tunnel folds pretty flat, but need to estimate tent)
Is this eco-friendly. No PVC and other chemicals?
Where is the product made?
Has anyone ever replaced broken tent poles? We've broken one and would like to find a replacement.
Are there windows?
Is this appropriate size for 5-6 year olds? and would they get at least another couple of years use out of it?
Does the tent disassemble easily? We have a small space so this tent will be put up and taken down frequently - good for this purpose?
is this a tin set or ceramic
Is it lead free?
Is this white and PINK or white and RED? I can't quite tell from my screen.
Is this set glass or plastic?
how many spoons, knifes, and forks are there?
How big are the cups? My granddaughter is into TEENY
how do I ship as a gift to a different address
is it made in China?
What comes in the set? I see it states there are 23 pieces. What does that include?
would this set work for the american girl dolls
Is this tent easy to assemble and disassemble? I had one of the fire engine tents that folds, poor quality. I don't have anywhere to leave it up.
Do the poles used to set up this tent poke through the fabric?
can this be set up in the house
How many kids can fit in it?
How large is the packing? Can it be checked in on flight?
Do you think the window sizes universal to tunnel attachments?
Could you fit two toddler cots in it?
Is it possible to order replacement poles? The string pulled out and we have been unable to re thread it.
Does it come with stakes to prevent it from blowing over?
Is it suitable for a 9 yr.old?
lemons? Is anybody else having problems?
compatible to mp3 players other than ipod? hi, i have an mp3 player (zen nano plus by creative labs), does anyone happen to know if the idog can connect to it?
Idog: Dies idog work witht he new ipod shuffle?
Are the pieces made of wood? Quality?
is the set stored in a box
can I store both chess and checkers pieces inside the board to store
Do the checkers "stack" on each other?
Do the pieces get stored inside board when folded?
Overall dimension of board??? Can't find in ad...
how big are the pieces
Does this game work on L-Max? Will it work on the L-Max?
Will this game work on the Leapster 2 ?
Does this work on the Leapster Explorer?
Does this play on Leap Pad2
Leapster L-Max Recharging System Price Discrepancy: Can anyone tell me why there is such a big difference in the price of the Leapster L-Max Recharging System?
Recharging: As one of the reviews stated above....why can't one use just regular rechargeable batteries?
Leapster and Leapster L-Max Recharging: Is this correct?
Does the charging system work on the reg leapster? My daughter has the reg leapster, not the lmax, will the charging dock still work or not?
leapster L/Max: Does anyone know the answer to this since I am not finding it on the description for the L/Max?
How many beer bottles do you think this would hold? I could only see for cans which are half the size...
How many beer cans can I put in?
does it hold a 16 oz cup in the cup holder ?so i can make drinks ?
Does anyone know the difference between this one and the ep version which looks the same but is $3 more?
Can anyone give me the dimensions (when inflated) of the cooler area?
Could a 5-gallon bucket fit inside this?
Where can i get this model.
ok, so how long is it in inches not scale
Is this the 1/350 scale kit, if so how long is it?
size?
does it talk
are the eyes plastic or embroidered?
is it washable?
Does it seem like it would be easy to the remove the banana if desired?
Where can I buy replacement supplies? I found this at yard sale but it didn't come with anything.
what are the dimensions of the easel?
Does it come with ANY supplies?? A couple of sample sheets of paper?? or erasers for either side?? Or do I have to buy everything separately.
Is the magnetic side strong? Is it a decent surface for kids to use magnet scene sets?
Can you fold it up to store after using it, or is it the type that just stays set up all the time?
What are dimensions of drawing/writing surface?
Is this tall enough for an averge 7 year old?
Does the chalkboard side erase easily?
How well does the clip hold paper in place to paint or draw? What size paper is best
does it contain dry erase markers?
Is there a normal version of this? Im assuming this is for a collector. Is there a version to get a 6 year old kid?
The images show two different models. Which model is the correct one?
have you opened this set and built it?
does this come with minifigures
what is the height of the red basin, without the legs? Does it come with the legs separated from the table (so that it is a more flat package)?
does it hold water?
Could this be used as a water table instead of a sand table -- or would the water leak out?
what are the dimensions?
Does it include the sand or do I need to buy separately?
Does the top do a good job at keeping water &amp; bugs out??
Can you use this on the ground without the legs?
Can This Table be used as a water tble as well?
If my 35 lb child tries to climb onto the table will it collapse?
Does this have a place to attach an umbrella?
What size doll fits in cradle?
how wide and how high is this cradle?
does it come with blue bedding
Can someone tell me what the dimensions are?
What are the sizes of these cradles?
Ca anyone recommend an action base for this? I know the wings make displaying it awkward...
Is this an unopened box?(New boxes are normally wrapped with a thin plastic) If so, I am ready to proceed to check out.
how tall is the figure? large or small
Question about the model kit: Is this model kit the actual Gundam Wing Zero Custom 1/60 Perfect Grade model kit made by Bandai with colored pieces?
What age is appropriate?
Is it hard
Will the cards be compatible with the d-power digivice?
how do you use it
For The Seller: I just bought this...what exactly comes in it?
Is this blaster also compatible with the Stomp Rocket Jr. rockets?
How does it go from folded in the base to the way the picture shows (upright pole)?
How many missiles come with the blaster?
How high can the rockets go? Is it backyard safe?
Will the rockets be ruined if they get wet?
H anyone tried this set and the D&amp;L Dual Rocket launch set? Which would you recommend?
How high do they go?
Age compatible?
How big are they
whats a good age range?
Do these run on carpet?
what's making that smell
are you supposed to cut the antenna? it so long?
what do you use to get the screw out the top? The hole is crazy small and the tiny screwdriver I have (for glasses) is too small to turn the screw.
toys: Are there dual MHZ?
Is the shell hard plastic or soft rubber?
27Ghz
what kind of batteries?
does the horse stuff come off of the horse?
The black knight in the picture is holding his lance straight up. Can you move his arm to lower the lance like with some of the other Schleich toys?
does the horse stuff come off of the horse?
Is this a bathtub toy? I assume whale/water, but it doesn't really say.
Can you please tell me what this is made of?
How big is the orca?
dimensions, please?
Can a child play with it in the bathtub?
There is no size listed. How long is it? Is it rubber?
how long is it ? Thanks
whats the height or size overall of this bear?
Is it cuddly to sleep with ?
Has any of its components been sprayed with fire retardants?
how long would it take for shipping
How much does it weigh?
do you have and other color same bear
girlfriend?
how big is it?
Where was this bear manufactured?
how many inches
I am trying to get an idea of how big the dishes are. What is the diameter of the plate?
Where are these made? What is the country of origin?
Is this set BPA free?
What are these made of? Specifically, does anyone know if they contain PVC, BPA, phthalates, etc?
What ages is this set of Jumbo Farm Animals recommended for? Are there choking hazards?
Are these a soft/rubbery type of plastic, or hard plastic?
How tall are the animals?
Are these animals hollow or solid plastic?
Are they made in USA?
where are these jumbo farm animals manufactured?
Hi. Has anyone come across something that the kids can play with the animals with for example a barnyard mat or other accessories? Seems boring to play with just the animals.
this particular one is by Toys underground and sold by ABCToys4me. I'm looking for the 9th doctor. is this the right model?
Can this Tardis piggbank hold Euros also? or just American coins?
Is the bank only for coins or can you put bills in it too?
I'm Looking for the New 11th Doctor Bank(2013) with only the Tardis interior/no characters(Doctors/rose/martha) Is this the 11th Doctor Tardis?
would this be ok for a 4 year old who love Dr.Who
How heavy is this tardis bank? I plan to put in on a Christmas wreath for a Dr. Who themed Christmas..
can it be used as an actual screwdriver?
Are two of the four sound effects hidden?
This will decide whether I buy this or not. Does it make the correct sound when you turn the light on?
How does it extend?
does the uv pen nub at the bottom come with it or is it sold seperatly
The light that comes out of the screwdriver: is it blue, like in the show? Does it make the same sounds from the show?
is this the one with uv and black pin tip? if so does it come with the notebook or psychic paper wallet
Does this still come with Psycic Paper?
should I get this one or the 11th doctors? I'm torn between the 2
Why was this product discontinued?
what is the height and wide?
what is the height of this fencing?
How long is the whole fence?
how tall is this fence?
from end-to-end what is the total length of the complete fence and what is the height of the tallest segment
where is it made?
Would this be good for use with 18" dolls?
How large are the pieces
Is the food included? Thank you in advance.
Are these made in the USA?
What food set do you use with these little pots?
Is this product BPA- and phthalate-free?
where do you buy the food items shown in the picture
How big is the packaging where it comes?
is it BPA free?
What are the dimensions of the pans?
does it have the holes for the pump system?
Is a pump really necessary for this pool? Or could I get away with no pump, daily skimming, and a chlorine floater when the pool is not being used?
how many feet deep is it?
If I lean my arms over the side while in the pool will it push down and pour out the water, or will the top support some of my weight?
Can you use this pool without the filter? Does the inlet and outlet holes have caps?
what are the dimensions on this pool? What is the height and the diameter across?
How "level" does the space have to be? Common sense, "looks level" level? Or trim carpenter, "bubble level" level? Thanks!
how do you blow the pool up
If I choose to only fill the pool partially, is it still stable? We were thinking of filling it about 1/2 way for our 5 and 3 year old to play in.
Is there anything loud (besides children using it) about this pool? Pump, filtration, etc.
The EI website indicates Antarctica is not identified as a continent. Is it shown on the globe?
when you touch the globe ,will it tell you the name of the area that you touched?
Hi, Does it show the individual states in the US?
What types of batteries are needed with this geosafari?
when you touch the globe ,will it tell you the name of the area that you touched?
What size marbles are included in this game?
Does this have a box to store it in? If it does, does it have a place to store the marbles or enough space to keep a baggie of the marble?
In what country is this game made?
what size is it
Where do you find replacement marbles (if the colors are bad, as reviewers said)? I'm trying to decide if it's worth ordering.
where is the board made?
how big is it?
do the 2 cans come with the truck?
How big is it?
I have seen pictures of an all orange one - is this one orange cab only?
is the truck automated in any way, or is it manual functions?
Do you think that a Bruder Garbage truck is too difficult for a 2 year old. He loves garbage trucks and has good goo d manual dexterity. Please let
Do the trash cans come with the truck
Does the truck come with a man
When the body tilts up, does it hold itself up?
Can a 26 pound kid sit on it? My son loves riding on vehicles. Not sure if this Bruder is sturdy enough.
does this toy include mistress death and thanos and the face mask of mistress death? thanks
it comes with the infinity guantlet that appears to be interchangeable. Is there a way to get his current hand off?
2 questions, how tall is Thanos and how tall is lady mistress?
How does Mistress Death size up with Deadpool, since the two are usually together?
The toy comes with the box ?
I hear there is an original version with nice paint applications on the face and a reissued version that is rather plain. Is this true?
Does the glove go on the hand, and if so how exactly does it do so?
Do the heads move?
how big is it
how tall is this figure?
whati is the size of cassie the collie? Is it mini beanie baby?
how big is it
how big is it?
how big is it?
dimensions would be helpful. I see so many choices at so many prices by the same manufacturer.
need to know if packaging has changed...do NOT want a damaged creased poster for a professional office!
what size is the chart
Has the "two left feet and incorrect labeled parts" issue been resolved?
Are there 2 extra queens?
what is the square size?
The dimensions are listed as 20.5 x 9.8 inches, but a reviewer below stated that the board is 2 feet x 2 feet. How big is the board ?
are these piceces wighted ??
Are there 2 extra queens?
Did it come in the authentic Wegiel made in Poland box? Is it the Mohagony color the ambassador set comes in, or is it a more dull brown as pictured?
Are the pieces really that light in weight? Would this board be superior than the ambassador since I'm seeing that the pieces are weighted in their specification? - Consul Chess Set and Board
Would this game be too much for a 6 year old? I note that this game has won awards by "Mensa" and is recommended for ages 10 and up but I was just wondering if it would be too much for a 6 year old?
Is this a good game for adults
How many players? 2-5?
Would this game be too little for a game-playing family ages 9, 14, 16. 18, and parents? Would this game (Loot) be too little/simple for a game-playing family ages 9, 14, 16. 18, and parents?
Is this a good game for adults
Does this come with the stand shown in the picture?
can you do the project over and over,i want something i can practice on with my 2 in 1 Digital Hot Air Rework &amp; Soldering Iron Station.
How many Watts is this soldering iron?
Does this include the box and instructions as well?
I plan to take this back to India. Would the solder iron work on 220-230V without getting damaged ?
Can you use this kit on small jewelry pieces (i.e. clasps)?
How many volts is this unit? 110V or 220V? Last one I bought turned out to be 20V, and was useless to me!
I am disabled and only have partial use of my dominant hand, do you think I would be able to handle this?
About how long would it take to complete the project? Looking to teach a group of about 8 to solder.
Will this kit be enough for me to solder actual things (besides whatever is in the kit) like guitar pickups and instrument wires?
How many pieces are in this puzzle?
Does the child put together the entire puzzle or do only certain pieces pop out?
How many pieces are in this puzzle?
Does it come with tools to use
Does it have a motor?
Can I build multiple models at the same time?
does it come with a case to hold all of the pieces
Can I build multiple models at one to
We don't have much space in our apartment, but my husband really wants to get these for our daughter. How/where do you store ALL of these blocks??
actual size of each block
Can these be disassembled &amp; reassembled without compromising quality?
How sturdy is this toy? I know my sons would love this, but they are very active and not gentle with toys! Any advice? Thanks!
Does anyone else have trouble with them being slippery? It's hard to stack more than 3 blocks together, which makes it hard to build big towers ...
How do the blocks hold up if a child stands on them?
are they all the same size?
Would these be too young for a 5-year-old?
Are these different colors?
toys for 3 year old boy: Isn't this too old for a 3 year old?
What country is it made? Thanks!
Does this product fit (specifically the felt egg) into Hape's Gourmet Kitchen Starter Set pan and plates?
What is the shell made of?
Do the knobs make clicking noises when you turn them?
Does this kitchen come with any of the food displayed in the photo? Thanks in advance!
What are the small pieces that are choking hazards for children under 3. Are they things that could just be set aside until the child is over 3?
Is it big enough for two kids to play with? I have a 1.5 year old and a 2.5 year old.
Is there depth to the sink?
What's the clearance between the bottom of the kitchen and the floor? And how high is the counter off the floor? Thanks!
Is it too small for a tall 3.5 year old?
Has anyone seen/compared this set in person with the smart gear center cooking center? I am torn between the two. Also, is the sink on this removable?
What is the height of the counter?
What's the difference between this kitchen and the Hape Gourmet Chef kitchen?
How tall is this action figure? I need one about 6" tall ...
How many inches is fingure?
Do his arms and legs move?
Does it have a Disney tag on it?
are the eyes made of thread or are they plastic eyes
The Nemo in the customer images looks different than the Nemo in the Amazon pic. Which would I receive if I ordered this?
do they talk
Can anyone tell me if this treated with Flame-Retardants? Thank you.
is the piano touch sensitive?
Is there a computer port? USB port? Connection for external power? MIDI port?
what age group is this for?
How many keys can you play at one time?
good for elderly?
where do you buy the adaptor plug
Does this roll up piano have 88 keys?
I bought this for my grandchild in college and he just told me (didn't want to make me feel bad) that it doesn't work even with batteries It was his
Are pieces weighted?
Does the board lay very flat when unfolded, or does it rise near the fold?
does it fold up? What are folded measurements?
Are the chess peices red and white?
Are board and pieces in this chess set durable?
White queen is at the wrong square?
What size is the chess board? In the write up it says 18.9 inches. In the product description is list as 16.5 inches. Which is correct?
Some pictures show brown and beige, others show dark brown and cream. Which is it?
Where is this toy manufactured?
What is the age range for this toy?
What is the difference between frustration free and retail packaging?
Does it make an oinking sound for the pig at all?
is this just a toy or can you use it as a bank too.
can you buy extra coins for the pig if/when they get lost?
Is there a on/off switch that i can turn the sound completely off? Thanks
Does the puppet have a rod/wand you can move its hand with?
is there a stick for moving the hand
Which one does it look like the one in the description pic or the one that the boy is holding up?
is this worth my $
Hi, I am considering one of the chef pupputs for my grandchild will My hand fit inside
can the chef jacket be removed?
What size is this puppet?
Only for 4 players? Is this version of RISK really only for 4 players, instead of the usual 6?
What are the game board dimensions?
Are Game Pieces the coloured blocks or the figurines? So which is it??
Hasbro Library Games Two Versions? Anybody know if the contents are any different?
how fast does it go
Does the model require the paint? Or can it be left unpainted and still look complete?
is it remote controled (rc)
Does it come pre put together or do you do that your self
Does the electrical stuff work
What type of batteries does it require?
what ages are recommended
where can i buy repalcement balls?
I really want to know if this table is compatible with the Fisher Price Take n Play die cast Thomas trains. Thanks.
My two-year-old wants Paw Patrol toys and will be getting this table from grandparents. Will the smaller cars fit on this table?
What 'types' of trains will fit this table? Buying for a birthday gift and would love to buy some trains that work w/ the table? PLEASE HELP!
is this manufactured in usa
What are the dimensions of table.
How much space is under the table? Is there room to put any toy storage bins underneath?
What is involved with assembling?
Hi, could anyone give me the dimensions of the table? Strange question I know, but trying to measure to see where it would fit in my home.
Are there any tunnel type features? I wasn't able to enlarge it enough to see the configuration.
We have wooden Thomas and Brio trains.. One Thomas train runs on batteries, pulls the others. Would this slide off because the tracks are different?
Will this doll be ok for a 1-yr old little girl?
What size is this doll?
How tall is this doll????
Which of the Corolle accessories fit the Calin doll?
what color are her eyes?
Are all corolle dolls made in China ?
Is the doll BPA free and PVC free ??
Can this doll use a pacifier?
Do the joints bend?
Does this doll's outfit come off?
Does this mower actually move through the grass? If not, can someones suggest a good toy that can be pushed around outside in the grass?
I have a 15 month old who is just over 30 inches tall who walks very well. Will she be able to push this or will she be to short yet this summer??
Can this toy be used without bubbles?
Does the mower make noise when you push it or just when you "start" it?
What Oz. bottle does it take?
Which bubble brand (or homemade recipe) makes the best bubbles in this toy?
Does it make lots of bubbles or just a little?
Do you have to be pushing it for bubbles to come out? Does it need batteries to make bubbles work? :) thank you!
Would this be okay to use indoors
How big is the box? I need to take this in an international flight for my niece who lives abroad
Is there a weight limit on this toy? Are they durable enough for an adult to stand on?
Would these be ok for playyard or do you think they would get brittle staying outside?
Has anyonne ever used these in a rubber mulch bed of a playground?
I am thinking about getting these for a dog training exercise. I was wondering how big of an area is the top part of the stones for feet placement?
Do these make a noise when the child steps on them? Like a squeak or any fun noise?
Can someone tell me the estimated height of each block? I want to make sure that they vary by height so that my 3 year old can work on coordination.
Are they rubbery or hard plastic? Better barefoot or with shoes?
can it use at the back yard grass ?
Can these be used on carpet ?
Can you describe the "ball launcher". I am looking at this for my son who is mentally handicapped.
is it durable add more pics
Do you get a strike every time (like the video shows)?
what are the dimensions?
How difficult is it to reset the pins each time?
what size are the pins?
Where is a picture of the Lexan Ball Launcher?
Can this be packed up and put away in a game closet when not in use?
Must it hang up on an existing light in the ceiling or on its own?
Did it come with batteries? If not, what size batteries does it use and how many?
how does it hang on a light fixture?
Are the planets installed in a certain way?
can it be used with a drop ceiling?
Can this be mounted on a light that hangs from a fan? Had anyone done this? The fan is hardly/never on.
I live in Peru and our currant is 220 can I use it?
can it hang on slanted ceiling?
Could I use it upside down, placing the sun on a table and have the planets stick up in the air, or are wires too weak?
How many clips in a boxof suretrack clips
Is it compatible with kidcraft brand?
Will this fit the Imaginarium water fall train set?
Are they simple to attach? Could a four year old attach them?
Can they be glued or screwed down to a train table/wood floor without it interfering with track/train play?
Do these work with brio
Will these work with the Ikea train track?
size
Is this a soft, huggable stuffed animal? Or is it filled with harder Styrofoam like the top review suggests?
HOW TALL
How do you wash it?
what is the wingspan?
how to fix a firebird commander after a crash
What does it steer with?
Is this lion poseable? I mean can it only be used laying as shown or can the legs be posed so that he is "semi-standing" or sitting?
What are the correct dimensions? The Product details and product description differ by a lot!
Why is the right arm longer?
How do you play this? every time i play, the dvd always tells me to take a secret passage. i do, but where do you go on the game board?
New Release for Clue DVD: Does anyone know if there has been a new DVD release for Clue DVD?
Item cards: How do you get to see the item cards in the butler's pantry when you don't have that choice on the screen and are not allowed to visit the inspector?
Availability? Has anyone been able to find this game for sale anywhere?
Are the wheels actually rubber?
do you sell an umbrella that can afix to the wagon?
will this wagon. pull through sand?
Is there a way to fold down the seats so the child can sleep in the wagon?
What holds the wagon to the front handle an wheel assy.
I am 6 feet tall. Is the handle long enough for easy pulling?
what r measurements?
when pulling with on concrete or asphalt, is it a quiet smooth ride or is it loud and bumpy?
Does the handle fold under for storage?
how to remove water from the inside of the wagon? i mean from the inside of the molding.
Does this attach to other Step 2 wagons or just the "Step 2 Wagon for 2" model
Does this come with the Hitch or is that a sold separately part?
can a kid ride in this?
What's the total length of trailer?
Is this compatible with radio flyer wagons?
Hello, is this a model from Fine Molds brand? Tks.
thanks lot, could you please advise me the total cost in USD for one ship to SYD metro Australia, and how long it takes? cheers,
good afternoon. I live in Russia. Do not tell me how to bring it back to Russia. The system says that I can not buy it from you.
I now want to buy one, please advise me how much (USD) in total inl deliver to SYD Australia. tks,
I am in Sydney, could you still do free shipping to SYD?
do you still have this in stock?
are the tile stands one piece or do you have to put the legs on every time you play?
tile stands: are the tile stands made from plastic or wood?
The picture with the black case shows MUCH larger numbers than the picture with the tan case. Which tiles do you get??
Two pics -- one shows green and the other shows orange as the fourth color. Which is it?
what is the color and fabric of the case? and what is the product's total weight?
Are the numbers recessed
Are the numbers recessed
are the tiles plastic or porcelain?
What are the tiles made of?
Is it good for a 4 year old?
Are the instructions easy to follow? My 5year old builds lego sets from the instructions all the time, are this instructions just as easy to use?
Is this set compatible with the Zoob Creator's Kit?
Has anyone purchased this for girls??
I see two types of packaging for the Zoob 500 pc set. One is very large and flat, other looks like a big bin. Which do you have/prefer? Which is this?
Are the n\umbers big and easy to read?
if I need more paint for this painting where do I find it?
oil or acrylic paint?
do you have to mix paints to make some of the colors or are all the numbers coordinated to one color?
Does anyone happen to know if the labeling on this chart is smaller than the regular one (non-3D)? And also if it is less durable than the laminated?
Can this be framed with a standard size frame?
Is this laminated?
what is the size of the chart?
How big is it? Dimensions?
Are the muscle labels marked by number, which then correspond to a number on the body for specific location?
What type of paint comes with the kit?
the dinos listed with this set are actually the ones pictured in set 1, so which is correct the list in the description or the photo?
The list of which dinasaurs are in the package does not match the ones shown. Is this the set that includes the T-Rex? or is it the other dino set?
Is it for a 10 year old boy?
Is this suitable for a three and a half year old?
where can you get refills
Are there small parts. Buying it for a 6 yr old with a 2.5 yr old brother
Is the best set to for a 5 year old boy?
what age is appropriate
What age is ZOOBMobile Car Designer for?
does it come with a remote control?
Is my 10 year old grandson too old for this Zoobmobile?
Does this set have a pull back motor in it?
What animals are included in the set? Is there a list somewhere?
Do they come with upper and lower case letters?
How big are they?
Do these cards include, farm, zoo and wild animals??
How many cards come in a set?
How big are the cards?
Since it says that styles and colors may vary, how does one order for a certain age/size? Example, will these work for a 6 year old and a 4 year old?
how do you inflate it? I don't seem to have a plug and don't know if I'm missing a piece to keep the air in
Is this big 3nough for 8 year old
How is this inflated?
Does it come with a pump?
is this a good size for a child who is about to turn 3?
What is the weight limit for this?
The ball I received was extremely greasy. Is that typical? Is there a way to remove the grease?
Can I just make my own image and print on this?
can you print on these with a color laser or inkjet printer?
Would it work on an acrylic painted password model?
The package includes the 6 sheets and an instruction sheet *in several languages) Where is the CD that is mentioned in step 2?
can you use a laser jet printer and also dose it stick on window wall
What's the difference between this decal paper and water slide decal paper? I thinking of printing an image onto decal paper for a mug.
I just received by Decal Paper (6 clear). The instructions inside said that there is a Installation CD inside but there is not. What do I do now?
Are these reusable decals?
will this paper stick on walls?
Will this decal paper stick to PVC cards (ie: PVC CR100 name tag cards), once printed?
Will this body fit a slash 4x4 ultimate car? Is this just a clear body or a kit--does paint come with?
will it fit the traxxas rally 704076 1/10 scale
Will this body fit on the redcat blackout xte 1/10 scale monster truck?
will the body fit a Summit
Is there a cover to have a flat hood? So without the supercharger? Thank you
will this fit the Traxxas Revo gas 5310
will this fit the stampede
Will this body fit the 1/10 SCX10
will this work on my caldera SC 4X4 1/10 scale
will the body fit on a traxxas rustler body
Does this kite come with an instructional dvd?
Does this kite come in a prim kite bag?
Will you ship to Australia ?
i am 13 would this be hard for me to put together
Could someone put together a shopping list of what all is needed? This will be a gift and I am dense/lazy
Anybody know if I can run it with a 7.2 5000 mah battery with no problem just drive it "right out of the box" ??! Is it possible to get lipo engine on it ?
Hi, what is included in the kit? Thank you! :-)
is the radio and charger included in the kit like ready to run from tower hobies? or do we need to buy the radio and electronic speed control
What eise would I need to buy extra that don't come with this van
Is it a 1/32 scale or a 1/12 scale model ?
I m just coming back to the hobby. Does this come with an electronic speed control or servo speed control
does it come with a servo and how many turns is the brushed 540 motor
Does this kit come with everything needed in the box for full operation or are there parts sold separately that are necessary for operating this car?
Is this really a "kit" i.e. the chassis and body and other parts need to be assembled or is this pretty much preassembled ?
how far is the range
What is the top speed? Are the rebuild parts easy to find?
What comes with it? Does anything else have to be purchased for building it through operating it after assembly?
What needs to be purchased with this car? Please be specific with model number and other important info. Thanks, 1st time RC buyer
Is it fast
What do you need to assemble
Having trouble with the Speed control on this one. Getting an error code after I let go of the 'SET' button (red &amp; green alternate flashing quickly).
Can I buy a kit with everything needed in it, 2 batteries, quick charger, controller, the most frequently used spare parts and some paint and stickers
How big is the bottle? Clearly it's not "8 ounces"! Is that .8 ounces?
Does this "fuse" plastic together like a plastic only glue does?
It comes with a brush right?
Will this glue metal detail parts to a titanium finish kit?
Can this fuse acrylic?
Will this work
do the glue lines have to be clear of all paint? i'll be using Tamiya acrylic paint and Tamiya spray ?lacquer?
Is it good for keeping decals on Gundam Models?
will this work for metal minatures?
Would you recommend using this for beginners? Also, would it go well with Tamiya's T-34/76 model? Thanks.
are the batteries including?
what is the range on these
is that good?!
how away can you talk from
what are the ingredients? is it gluten free?
can this be baked?
Is this made in the USA?
What are the specific ingredients?
what are the specific ingredients? they are not listed on amazon or alex website. can anyone help? thanks!
is the dough crumbly?
does the modeling clay contain gluten?
The warning says small parts choking hazard - what part would that be?
is this broom set durable for a 3 yr. old?
based on recent reviews i can't tell whether this set is durable and well_ made or a waste of money
Does this come in professional packaging or just a plain cardboard box? I want to give this as a Christmas gift.
Will this scratch wood floors? I want to buy this for Grandma's house, but her floors are beautiful hardwood!
Does the handle screw out of the brush? I'm hoping to make it shorter to fit it in a suitcase ..
What are the bristles made of? Is the handle metal or plastic?
The broom handle broke, and just cutting down a regular adult broom handle to replace it doesn't work. Where can I buy a sturdy replacement handle?
Is there something about this broom that makes it better than just getting a regular broom and cutting the handle down?
Does anyone know if the Winkle is BPA-free?
Can't decide to go for this or Bright Starts Clack and Slide Activity Ball .... suggestions? My baby is 6 months old.
Is this a noise free toy?
are there 2 of them or just 1
Is this diswasher safe?
Can u please tell me where is it made? Hope not China! Thank you.
has anyone else experienced color bleed?
Is this toy BPS free also?
it it washable?
What time does my orders can be shipped
Are these animals hollow inside?
Will any 4 of them fit on a 1x1 inch block in a board game ?
what type of plastic is it made of? can you pls tell the plastic resin code?
Do you send to Portugal?
What size are these?
Hi, Are those animals made of rubber or plastic?
Hi, Are those animals made of rubber or plastic?
Can someone tell me approximately the size of the animals? I realize it varries but I am thinking of using these for the top of cup cakes.
Well, I want to buy 3 Safari Ltd Toobs and 1 Wild Republic Tube. Do you sell the latter also?
How many are in the tube?
What is the difference between the game for $15.99 and the same game for $17.99?
Example of some cards? Idea of the game?
How long does it take to play one game?
Who would pay $390 for a deck of cards?!?!?!
Does this set have any instructions on how to play the game?
how big is the board
What is the weight of the entire set including the board
Are the pieces wood or plastic?
Are pieces weighted? Are pieces made of what woods?
Has anyone tried to weight and felt the pieces before?
Is it magnetic? Do pieces have magnets?
How big is the board?? I see a number of answers to this question asked back in 2013 &amp; every answer is different so what is it exactly? Thank you.
What is the weight of the entire set including the board
Has the company producing this item addressed the problems buyers experienced?
What is the diameter of the bulb please?
what size hose is used?
What size fuel line does it fit?
Is this an outdoor table? I'm looking for one that can weather the humidity on a covered screened porch...
How are the halves held togather while in use?
is this an outdoor table
Does this come with paddles/balls? Or do I buy separately? Thank you.
Hi, what country is it manufactured in? - Thank you
Do you have this table in green?
Where is this table made in?
what is weight of the table?
What is the width of the upright folded table (the base of the overlapped wheeled parts together)?
We have this in our garage but we want to buy a cover to protect it when not in use. Is there a cover anyone would recommend? Thanks v much.
is is 9/5 feet
is this good for outdoors? covered patio...
does it come with anet?
What is the exact length and width once it is assembled and open (i.e. not folded up and ready to use)?
Does this come with a net and paddles?
The Amazon info indicates that this table is 3/4" thick, but the Butterfly site indicates that it should be 5/8" thick. What is the actual thickness?
is this regulation size
Is it an outdoor table and does it fol up?
will these wheel/tire fit 4wheeldrive 1/10scale drift car just for reguler driving
Can these tires fit the 1/8 E Revo? How many tires come with the order?
anyone know the offset on the rim?
will they fit on my 4 lug 1989 toyota corola
can these wheels fit on a 4lug toyota corola 14inch.
Will these fit the Tamiya Hornet rc car??
Can these tires fit the 4x4 1/10 scale exceed drift car with an 11 mm hex wheel adapter??
can this be set up for R/c use?
I see that the kit can be RCed. Is the drive train and rudder supplied controlable?
The photo does not show clearly, Does this kit have just the driver and passenger opening , I cant make out the top rear deck, is that an opening?
Can I just get a bow Chris-Craft flag as a replacement and what would be the price plus shipping and handling? Thank you.
how long is the model itself? I know it says that it is a 19' boat, but assuming the model is not 19' long.
Does this boat come with the boat stand shown in picture or do you need to buy one? Tks
is this the battery in the amazon airboat ''''''''''''''
is this the battery that comes with the amazonairboat
Do you sale the charger for this battery pack??
will this work with work with the traxxas rustler xl 5
Will this fit with the slash 2wd ?
is the 540 motor better with speed
Does this come wired with bullet connectors for Traxxas trucks?
Can this battery pack be used to replace the AA batteries in the truck and in the control or are just for the remote control? please help
What is the model of this battery charger?
charger included
What does it weigh?
dose it come with a pull start or electric
doe,s it come ready to put in the car
Can the 2.5 engine work with the 3.3 jato?
will the flywheel and clutch form a pro.15 fit on this motor?
On one picture it shows electric starter and on the other it shows pull start and no flywheel or clutches. Does it come with the spur gear and clutch?
On one picture it shows electric starter and on the other it shows pull start and no flywheel or clutches. Does it come with the spur gearand clutch?
Does this come already installed with the carb and starter? Thanks!
Can I use my actual ez-start on this engine?
What kind of material is this made of?
What are the measurements What are the measurments
If the old swing set tarp I'm trying to replace is 5ftx15ft, do you think I could use two of these and overlap them?
Seems like you have two figures showing with two different card backs, so witch one are you selling?
What year is this figure from?
what is the size? Height?
What Iwata air hose do I need for the W-100 spray gun, connecting to a Hammerhead Shark. They both have larger connections (1/4 or larger?).
what size fittings are on these? 1/8 inch and 1/4 inch?
What is the max PSI this hose can handle?
what is the inside diameter? Would standard sewing thread easily pass through it? Thanks.
What is the Wall thickness?
is the tube 1/8" I.D. or 1/8" O.D.? Thanks.
Is this tubing very rigid? I want to use it for the tube on a fly tying bobbin.
I want make sure I'm reading this right. If I order a quantity of 1, I should receive 15, 12"x1/8" brass pieces, for a total of 15 feet. Correct?
Does the number (15) mean there are 15 pcs?
What is the angle of the wood in the brackets? I'm trying to figure out how tall a structure will be given a specific width limitation.
What size timbers are used with this bracket for the supports and the cross beam (e.g. 4x4, 4x6)?
Where can I find instructions? My brackets were delivered with no information.
do you get 2 brackets or just 1 per the price shown?
How many brackets do you get when purchasing this item? 1 or 2?
What size carriage bolt does it need?
is this a set of 2 brackets?
Would this work for auto body touch up paint?
can i used this gun to do nail painting
can u adjust this gun
can i adjust this gun so less paint can flow out
Have you ever usd 1shot out of this spray gun?
is it made of stainless steel?
would this airbrush be good for makeup and i have a temptu compressor will it attach to that
I'm going to be making some large haunt panels, kind of graffitt-styled. The panels will be about 8 feet by 8 feet. Is this is a good brush to get?
Does this come with the Airhose?
Can I use this airbrush with a master compressor kit 17?Do I need a different hose type?
Is this model number mis west 1134?
Are small children (6-7 year olds) strong enough to use this? thank you
Would this be an idea tool to cut 45 degree angles at the corners of paper (for postcards, business cards, etc.)?
do you sell the replacement blades for the ultimate easy cutter ?
Your ad indicates replacement blades available for Midwest Ultimate cutter, where do I get extra blades?
I want to buy 3 of these but one of each color in the picture. Is there any way of doing this?
How big is it?
how do you set the number for the combination? its locked and I cant get it open with key
how do you set the number for the combination? its locked and I cant get it open with key
Do the wheels on the cars actually turn or not? Looking for cars for water play table.
What are these toys made of?
what age?
are they phthalate free
About how big is each toy?
Is this PVC free?
Are the motor dimensions actually 4.4 x 2.6 x 1.2 in or are those the package dimensions?
How many motor do you give ?
how loud is it?
does it work as a generator
What is the shaft diameter?
It this more than one sheet?
What size are the letters? Size height in inches (approx.) please
What is the actual size?
should we get acrylic or enamel paints
Revell makes two different kits of a 1970 Mustang. Does this one come with the black Boss stripes, that run down the hood and side of the body?
is it quick to build
SO enamel paint is better then acrylic
I lost the distributor. How do I get a new one?
Is this car diecast?
Do I need to purchase glue for this kit?
how many pieces are in the kit
DO I NEED TO CHARGE THIS BATTERY BEFORE USING IT?
are these batteries waterproof
can u use these for airsoft
Leapster2 SD card recognition problem: Has anybody been able to use a SD card?
Is the LeapFrog&reg; Leapster&reg; Learning Game System - Green Suitable for a 3 year old boy? Is the LeapFrog&reg; Leapster&reg; Learning Game System - Green adequate for his age or is there another product out there that someone could recommend?
Broken Leapster after less than 24 hours: Anyone have this kind of issue?
Do the new Leapster Learning Sys Games work on the old Leapster? If I buy the new games, like Cars and Diego, etc, will they work on the old Leapster?
How much "abuse" can they take?
Leapster vs. VSmile: Has anyone been able to compare the VSmile Cyber Pocket with the Leapster models?
Anyone compared to V-Tech?
Is this too advance for a 3 year old?
Can the L-max games be used on the old Leapster: or just for the L-max leapster?
are the Leapster Explorer and the Leapster games/cartridges interchangeable?
Wondering why the directions say only 3 days for pre-polish, but 7 days for all the other steps?
I have a Lorton 3 pound tumbler. Instead of using the entire bag, how much heavy grit should I have used?
what is the number of the fine grit and the number of the coarse grit (like 120/220 etc)
i need to purchase more grit sets for my sons rock tumbler nsi smithsonian. can i use this grit?
Can this be used for tool lapping? What are the grits? For tools I see numbers like 120, 400, etc., indicating coarser (small numbers) to finer.
Can the medias be re-used at least once?
Can this media be used in an upright vibrating tumbler or is this media only good for barrel tumblers?
I do not have a manual for my tumbler. How much grit per # of rocks?
what is the best way to collect the grit after it is used to reuse it again? Thanks.
WHY ISN'T SAND USED AS THE POLISHING MEDIA
I;m looking for something sized similar to dried corn. Is this?
I want to tumbler little pieces of stained glass to use in mosaics. Looking at the lortone tumbler. Do i need beeds or grit to smooth the edges?
Is this good to polish stones for jewelry
how old is this for boy
This question is for the shippers: Why won't you ship to Alaska?
I have two daughters, one is 6 and the other is 3, if I purchase one would they be able to do this together?
Lost the instruction booklet - is there a way to get the instructions? Is there some way to get just the instructions book, or would I have to buy the whole thing again?
Citric acid added to water is not turning red. Why noy
Can these experiments be repeated or is there only enough materials in the kit to do each experiment once?
Can this be taken in Flights as a check in. Does it have any prohibited items per TSA?
do goggles come with it?
Does this book have an electolysis of water experiment? My daughter needs one for school.
We lost the plastic cups that come with this. Does anyone know how much they actually hold so we can use our own plastic cups?
Does Winks have a rattle inside?
What are his eyes made of?
what year it was manufactured? I am looking for 2007
How tall is Ty Winks the elephant?
is anyone selling the 2002 vintage ty winks
is anyone selling the ty winks with sewn eyes
Just bought this a month ago... one of the barrels somehow jumped the track &amp; ground rubber on the edge all day. Where can I get a replacement barrel?
Does this one come with all the stuff to get started or do we need to buy a kit with grit etc.?
Where is this tumbler made?
anyone experiencing leaking?
Does this tumbler only handle small stones or can it handle larger ones as well? Example dimensions of stones?
How loud is this tumbler when in operation? What could you compare the noise level to? Would the neighbors complain?
can you two stages of polishing, one in each barrel?
Are the belts and O-Ring seal for the top of the barrel? It sounds like that seems to be the major problems.
Are the barrels cylinders or faceted?
Hi, will this work with 220v if not what is wattage? Thanks :)
Does anyone use this unit for cleaning brass with stainless steel pins?
Can we use it to tumble glass?
How long does the cycle take?
I've tried calling your "customer service" number for nearly 2 wks and NO response! So, I'll ask here. What kind of rocks come with the tumbler set?
Will this item work with 220V and wat is the wattage? Thanks :-)
What kind of warrantee?
Will it tumble fist-sized rocks? Thanks.
what are the interior dimensions of the drum?
Is this the higher rpm version?
Is this the high speed heavy duty version of the model b thumler's tumbler, using the 1/30 horse power 3000 rpm motor (drum speed of 40 rpm) ???
Hi, does this tumbler work with 220V, and what is the wattage? Thanks a lot :-)
Hi, are the grits included? Thanks :-)
Can this be converted to using two 3 pd barrels like the AR 12 can?
would this be something to get a boy age 8 who loves to find rocks and make them shiny?
Will I be able to get spare parts? I'm trying to get hold of a new drive bar and idler bar?
what is the rmp?
How do I get the wooden racks for this game? They didnt' come in the set.
On the regular sets the painted numbers wear off. What about these tiles?
What size are the tiles including thickness? Are they plastic?
are there 4 trays with the game?
what is the size of the tile; length, width and thikness
Where is the set manufactured?
how do you play tile rummy
are the number tiles porcelain or plastic?
Tiles: What are the tiles made of?
large numbers?
Would you think this is a good game for an 11 year old?
Can you see the laser?
Do instructions also come in Spanish?
Do instructions also come in Spanish?
what size batteries are needed for this game?
Our red laser pharoah piece stopped working within a week. (Battery replacement no help) Where can I get a replacement for the defective pharaoh?
Does it include the beam splitter or is that extra?
Does this item fit with the wooden Lillabo tracks from Ikea?
Can Thomas engines go through this tunnel?
Does this work with Fisher Price wooden tracks?
We have plastic Thomas tracks. Will it work with this?
Is it compatible with Thomas &amp; Fr. wooden rails ??
Is this compatable with Kid Kraft train track?
Is this fit Chuggington trains?
Does it work with the Melissa and Doug wooden train set?
Diameter???
What is the weight limit?
81' round but how high is it? thanks........
do u put water or air in it I thought air but the hole is too big for air I think
If I order this set, how can I be assured that it's gonna have a durable undamaged case? The reviews I read about this product is that it has a bad reputation when it comes to its vinyl case.
What are the dimensions of each tile piece?
Hello, what is the size of the pieces?
How many tiles in all? what is the color of the top of tiles? thanks
can this set be used to play American/Western mahjong? does it contain racks/pushers? thanks
does this set have the animals? How many tiles in all?
If I was to raise these to be larger, could I add them to my freshwater fish tank?
Does this package come with a place to put them? I know it comes with the eggs but I want to make sure it has a case before I buy it. Can you help?
My triop molted this AM, now its shell has a bubble of blood the size of a pencil eraser is this just something that happens or something i caused?
Does anyone know the contact information for ordering replacement eggs?
what species of triops are they?
What is the "special water" that these need to grow? What does that mean?
Can i use arrowhead spring water
How do you hang it?
If your aim is terrible and you hit the wall with a dart, will it ding the wall?
Is this fit for an adult game room (we just got a pool table but want some other fun non wall damaging games)
How heavy is it? Do you think double stick Velcro tape would hold it up? I only have so many walls, with a big patio slider blind. works great there
How loud is the noise when the darts hit the board? I am afraid it may annoy my co-worker in an adjacent office.
Can you hang this on stucco with something other than a nail?
Does it include instructions on scoring?
Will these darts prove that I'm not a baby?
I would like some feedback from people who have had this for a yearr or two who had boys playing with it. Has the whole set held up?
If there is nothing to hang it on, what are other's places to stand it on and will stay put?
Does this fit on the Ikea train set tracks?
does the engine is with batteries? if not anyone knows about one that is with?
How large are the individual train cars?
are these compatible with orbrium wooden tracks?
Where is the train set made?
Is this set compatabile with Imaginarium wooden tracks?
Is this set compatible with the Thomas Trackmaster tracks?
Thank you, Amazon community; I have my answer.
Is this compatible with Melissa and Doug tracks?
What material made toys ??
hi this doll speak Spanish?
Dose this toy have moving lips when you press his voice sampler? Or is it a different buzz with no moving lips?
does the buzz have purple on his fingers like the amazon product picture says, or does he not, like the customer pictures say?
can you tell me the 5 phrases it says, that makes all the difference in the world to me. Thanks
Is this an original buzz, by that I mean is it from the first movie? Also does this toy say the phrase,"buzz light year to star command."
What happens if it loses its sound because mine was a different one and it lost its sound D:
What is its height???
this buzz is 16 inch?
Only speak english?
toy story 3
Is it with a tralier and dues it have lights?
MADE IN USA?
What is the height, length, and width. Also is this a remote control vehicle?
Does this come with instructions?
How fast is it.
do u have a video on it that I can see
Does it really only take 2 minutes to assemble?
anyone know where to get a trailer to go with this?
is this truck really 26 inches long like it says in the description
What color paints are required for this? Ot is a gift and want to have everything to assemble.
What material are made the animals like rubber or pl&Atilde;&iexcl;stic ?
What material are made the animals like rubber or pl&Atilde;&iexcl;stic ?
What size are most of these in inches
How many animals are there?
How do these animals compare to the Safari Ltd TOOBs?
how big are the animals
Which species of animals are included? I can see giraffe, rhino, ostrich, gorilla, tiger, elephant, what are the other 6?
size
Are these solid or hollow in the middle?
What kind of plastic is this food made from? silicone? rubber? pvc?
Is this food set BPA free?
Are there certain times when this set regularly goes on sale for a lower price (perhaps before Christmas)?
I would like to know the specific foods this set comes with? Debating whether to buy this 80 piece, or the baskets separately. Please and thank you!
is he big enough?
Hi. Is it made in china or USA? Thanks. Chris.
Are there different colors? Or is this just an artifact of the cameras used to take these photos?
My daughter wants a very anatomically correct octopus. Does the octopus have a "beak" underneath? Also, does it have siphon holes (for jet propulsion)? Thank you!
Do you ship to France? And if so, how much does it cost, please?
What is the size of one piece?
5 lbs = how many cups?
can these pellets be used to make a weighted blanket for a child?
What type of "pure plastic" are they actually made of? I am looking to use as a replacement for non-absorbent litter pellets in a special litter box .
Would a 15" American girl bitty baby fit in the cradle? Also is there a bar for hanging the doll clothes somewhere? I see it comes with hangers.
is it tall enough for a 6 year old and does an american girl bitty baby fit in it?
Just ordered this for my daughter's birthday. I bought it understanding the assembly is... involved. Any advice to avoid mistakes in assembly?
what size baby doll is best to fit this
What size doll does this accommodate?
Do the doors open?
Hi! How do I go about requesting a certain color? There was no option to select color. Thanks!
I found the origin is USA, does it means made in USA?
I was wondering if it is possable to upgrade the motor in this car? It looks awesome, and the working head/tailights are cool too, just wish was faster.
Where could it be played
How does it work and what kind of floor.
where can you get a controller if it breaks?
how fast is it?
It says colors vary wondering what colors everyone is recieving?
how fast is it
Dose this model require painting, or just the application of the decals?
Is this model already built of you have to assembly all the pieces? I am looking for one that requires meticulous assembly!
does the space shuttle have landing gear?
In my life I had two shuttles I built. One did not have tiles detailed on the bottom. It was just flat. Does this one have detail tile "lines" ?
how tall are they, 1:24?
do arms and legs move? can dolls sit?
How tall are the dolls?
What is the apprpriate age for these?
Are any model design possibilities included in the set?
Why are these so expensive? Just wondering
Daily price changes: Have you seen these kinds of price changes in other departments?
Why did you choose Magna Tiles over PlayMags? Just comparing both and curious.......I kind of like the fact that Playmags has the car also.
Can a 2 and a half year old enjoy these?
Do the magnets interfere or bother electronics? Are MacBook Pro computers, TV sets etc. vulnerable?
What are the dimensions of the smallest pieces? Would any of the pieces fit through a toilet paper roll, ie, any choking hazards? Thanks in advance!
I saw something that said "beware of old outdated versions". Kindly please tell me what the difference is between old/new &amp; how to tell? Thanks!!
Are they lead free?
I have three grandchildren playing with the small set. What is the best large version for the money. another on the way to play moving back from ano
Are the magnets strong enough so that they won't fall apart if you try to pick up/carry the structure that you made?
Will the tiles brake or crack when kids or adults step on them ? What is protecting it that it shouldn't brake?
do you deliver to new zealand and what is the cost?
Is there a storage that comes with these?
What size are the large pieces.
what age group are these tiles for?
are these compatable with Picasso Tiles
How to Magna Tiles compare to Magformers or PowerClix?
Is 32 enough for a starter set?
does it come in pink
Swivel wheels?
Is it possible to buy a replacement cloth part? Our frame is in great condition, but the cloth part is damaged.
Does it fold up?
I would like to know if this stroller can still be purchased in 'PINK', I have to have a pink one please!
I just received mine and it is blue and white gingham. Not what I wanted! The dimensions on Amazon say it is 25 inches tall and mine is 21 inches?
It says pink is the only item in stock currently, but I want blue, is the blue one available with this listing?
It says colors may vary but I'm needing a blue one for my boy. I'm hoping I won't end up getting a pink one in the mail.
Does it have buckles? That's my daughters favorite part.
Do the wheels swivel?
what is the giraffe height?
are these hard plastic
This is a female giraffe. Is there also a male? Are they anatomically correct?
Is this ex version?
It is articulated?
is the same http://www.amazon.com/Saint-Seiya-Gem...
hello is the version that the box is colored yellow and opens with a book
Is this a Japanese, HK or DTM version?
does this game have english translations of poetry and are the instructions in english?
I read that there were many different 100-poem collections from different royals. This one specifies "Maisen" so it's Not Ogura??
does it come w/ the cd as well?
Is this safe for the environment? I plan to use it outdoors and afraid birds will eat what's on grass.
can I make a small amount at a time or do i need to make it all at once?
Is this product stable enough for long term use as a growing medium for plants? Or as an additive to soil to retain water during dry spells?
Are diamonds And hearts red? Can you send this cards to M&eacute;xico?
are this cards plastic type or paper? cause paper type overtime will not work anymore
What's the difference between this deck and the one ellusionist is selling on their website right now?
Are these UV500 Air Flow Finish or Air Cushion Finish?
Does this deck come with a double backer?
hi, do you send it to Mexico?
Are the pips white and red like in the photos, if so why is this item labeled black pips?
is this the original with red pips or the black and white reverse cards
Does this deck have red pips?
does it play the Wheels onthe Bus song?
Did you get a male driver? We would like a male driver.
Is any part of this made of PVC?
Where was this toy made?
Does this bus work well on carpets?
Does the re-design product still come with a separate wheelchair?
Are these newer redesigned little people compatible with the play sets with the pudgy figures?
Can this bus seat more than just the 3 little people that are included?
Can we buy just the little people that goes to the school bus and airplane?
is the song the same tune of classic "wheels on the bus"?
What is the ideal age range?
appropriate age?
Are the test tubes reusable for your own expiraments?
Does this requier a black light like one of the review said?
Age range for this product?
How does Saturn look through this telescope? Can you see a lot of detail in the rings?
Is this good 'scope for photography?
Size of box ? I need to calculate international shipping price. What size of box does this item comes in ? Is it only one box ?
I know the Dob is not recommended but Is the price difference between the XTi and g worth the effort for astrophotography?
Does the software run on a Mac?
Did this model made by USA ? and If this model made by USA, could you send to me C/O(Certificate Origin), cause of duty.
Does this take 2 inch lens as well? Such as Celestron 70 degree? Thanks
I assume this is not a motorized scope? If so, then how does the Intelliscope Object Locator work?
I am interested in taking photos thru this telescope with a Nikon D3100 DSLR camera is this a good telescope for taking pictures with I know there will be some accessories that I will need to buy like a mount and maybe an adapter to a Nikon camera
youngest age for Mindstorms NXT? How young can you start a child on this toy?
How do you organize and store all the kit pieces?
Incompatibility with Windows Vista: Does anyone have an idea?
Suggested accessories: What are the best accessories out there so that I can fill relatives in on possible gifts?
where to buy more pieces: Where can I buy more pieces for this kit so I can build more sophisticated robots?
Old RCX motors/sensors compatible?? Are the old RCX motors/sensors compatible with the new NXT set?
Mindstorms NXT Book Suggestion? I am overwhelmed by the choices available and wonder if there are suggestions for the best two books to start with for a teenager?
can you use the progarm for xp
mindstorms: will there be a new version???
How many lego pieces??
What size is 16.4
is this loose or in package? thanks!
What scale is this car? Please reply.
how big is this car?
what is the height of the bear?
does Bixby the Bear have button for eyes or are they sewn eyes? we'd love to get this bear for our baby but buttons would be dangerous.
Does this have the Ty tag on it?
Would this be good for an 11 year old first model? If not, any suggestions?
can you build this with the landing gear up
what is the scale of the Hornet model
Can anyone tell me if this model has a tail hook? I'm looking into buying this for a plaque because that is my MOS in the Marine Corps.
would this be good for a 9 year old who has built snap on models?
Do I need to buy paint and glue or is that included?
How long is it when complete?
Is the super hornet a model kit?
What kind of glue does this model require?
Does this "Revell 1:48 F/A-18E Super Hornet" kit come with glue ?
Is this puzzle or isn't t made of real wood in its entirety?
Answers seem different- is it MDF or wood? Is it painted or stickers?
Are the animals hand painted or are they stickers?
Are the animal pieces painted or stickers?
How many puzzel pieces are there? Is the picture under each piece identical so that the child can match them up?
Does this ship to APO?
What age group is this for?
Is this stroller sturdy enough to go for walks outside, or is it only good for indoors?
Do the front wheels turn?
Does this stroller fold compact? Similar to an umbrella stroller.
doll size
will this be super small for a 4.5 year old? thank you!
is this stroller too small or my 4.5 year old?
Do you think they would scratch a hardwood floor? Plastic wheels can get roughed up and end up scratching hardwood floors.
The seat does not look very deep in the picture. Do the dolls stay on the seat without being belted in?
Are the wheels rubber?
Does this come with 2 balls or do i need to buy them?
Has anyone had a problem with rust on this model?
How are the basketball set ups connected? And do they come with the set
is this an ok set for an ingournd pool
how long is the volleyball net
How is volleyball net attached to pool sides ?
the hoop for the basketball backboard is missing or am I missing something?
How does this setup hold up over time? I do not mind storing in the off season. Seems like a great price for a B-ball V-ball combo set.
how long is the net?
What age is this good for? I want to buy this for an eight year old and be able to use for a few years. The reviews don't show that it will be good.
How tall are the zombies in inches?
Would you use these in a Dungeons and Dragons Campaign? Are they around the same size as standard miniatures?
how many are in included and what is the height of the pieces?
How big are the bases in millimeters?
Is the plug/connector on this charger compatible with the Peg Perego&#157; 24V 11AH battery? Please noticed how I just asked about the plug,
does this charge the battery for a 12 volt avigo chevy silverado truck ride on toy
will this charger work for a john deere gator?
Should the peg perego charge light come on when charger is plugged in and connected to battery
Deep cell battery requires different charger than auto/marine battery??
Does the charge light turn green when charged? Mine stays orange
Do you keep charging the peg perego 12 v battery even after the charger goes to green?
Before spending, how does one know IF it's a dead battery OR charger?????
What settings do people use to wash and dry Stella?
Cleaning
can baby stella be washed?
Hey i was just wondering if his eye is coked on the actual product.
Is he a soft figure?
Does Woodys gun take pop gun bullets?
Does this Woody know when you take his hat off or put it back on?
Can you put this woody in a sit down position? And also can he stand up without support?
Is there a place to buy replacement hats for this doll?
This toy speak spanish?
What phrases does he say?
Does this version say, "Reach for the sky"? I have read answers here that say he speaks 5 phrases, but can't seem to find a consolidated list of them
does this come in a box? If not, may I cancel the order. Its for our church &amp; they require "new" to be in a box. thanks so much
One customer said that the Steiff button in the ear was missing on the bear he ordered. Are all the Steiff products supposed to lhave the button, or is it missing more often? I'd like to order a bear as a present but don't want the person getting it to...
Hello, Can you tell me if the round tag around the neck is removable? It looks like a paper care tag but I wanted to check. Thank you!
Is this an authentic Steiff bear&Atilde;&#137;
Is it made in Germany or in China?
Does this bear have the Steiff button in it's ear?
Is this SPECIFIC bear made in Germany? I saw a related question, but the answers seemed unclear. Thanks!
What is the size?
do the parts move strait out of the box or do you need to buy your own motor for the belt and fan
is it a kit to build, if yes, how many parts? or it is build already?
Is it a kit?
Is there any metal in it at all?
Can you tell me how long is this items, please?
what size is it?
is this item a zen garden or a parachute figurine?
How big is this Zen Garden?
Is it as green as it appears in the picture?
how big is the streetcar itself ? height length &amp; width? want to see if it will fit with our christmas village
Will the power plug work on a 220V country (Europe) with a pin adapter ? thanks.
Can it be plugged into a power strip instead of directly into the wall switch?
What is the distance of the track (how many feet/inches or meters/millimeters) including barn?
will the track curve enough to fit a 20" circle?
How does it compare to HO scale trains? I want to use this with our Dept. 56 Christmas Village.
is auto reversing track needed throughout the entire run, or can regular track be used in the middle of the run?
which specific street car is this? what is the writing on the side of the car?
What scale is it? I requested G scale but am now worried it's HO. Thanks
I'd heard that it does and that it doesn't smoke in previous answers. Does this train actually smoke and, if so, does it come with liquid smoke?
Does this train make smoke and if so doe train include the smoke liquid to put in it
does this have light and or smoke.
what is the range of this gun?
baseball
is it good
cars for Leapster: Can anyone tell me if the Cars game will also work with the Leapster L-Max system?
Can leapster games be used in LMax? Are leapster games compatible with LMax?
Is Leapster a "stand-alone" toy? Is it necessary to have some pre-existing "system" or gadgetry to play them on?
Is there a way to secure this to stay open? My son had this almost collapse on him earlier!! Thinking about sending this back as it seems unsafe?
how big is this teepee?
Is this teepee treated with flame retardant?
What country of origin is the teepee made?
What are the dimensions of the base of this teepee? I want to see if it will fit in the corner of his bedroom. Thank you!
is there a way to anchor it to the ground if we use it outdoors. It is windy were we live
Is this a toy or something appropriate for living in?
Does anyone know where you can find a 1" pole? Ours broke - and it was because one of the poles was rotted and eventually snapped. Everyone sells 1.25
paint
Can I order a pole? one of ours broke
I wonder which version this one is. Does it use 1 9v and 2 AA batteries, or 4 AA batteries? Thank you.
how long will it talk at a time thinking about getting to teach my parrot to talk when im not home
how long Is it "responsive" after it is last talked to? I.e., if no one interacts with it for 10-20 minutes, then someone talks, will it answer?
How big is it?
This has been advertised as the "Best Caregiver's Tool" for occupying the attention of those with Alzheimer's Disease. Anyone have this experience?
How tall is Pete?
I too would like to know for sure which version this is. Does anyone know with certainty? I bought one with the 4AA and it does not WORK. I only want to purchase if it is the 9V and 2AA. How can I find out for sure?
i've tried eveything and i cannot get the battery compartments open. help
Can I use it as a toy for my pet parrot?
Can it go in the ocean
how much does it weighh?
I have a 2nd home on a lake; can I inflate/deflate within the same weekend or better to leave in permanently for summer?
How do you inflate this? How long does it take?
good for river rafting?
How long does it take to inflate?
if the mess rips from the vinyl will it be under warranty?
can it be used to float down a river?
Does it have an anchor? Can it be permanently anchored for the summer to the bottom of a lake?
How much does the product's box measure (length x width x height or in cubic feet)?
How durable is this product? Would it survive a river run? Could it be linked to other river tubes?
what's the wieght limit
I use mine in a well chlorinated pool, but have mildew growing inside the cover. Any ideas how to get rid of it?
Description says this is for ages 1-6; picture shows ages 5-10. I believe the latter is correct, right?
Product description states 224 pieces, but under the manufacturer notes, it states 124. How many pieces are included? 224 or 124?
where is the origin? what country?
what age is appropriate to use this?
Can this motor be used as a upgrade in my Traxxas Revo 2.5, I want to upgrade the 2.5 to the 3.3 for more power. What parts needed for swap?
Is this the engine that I replace my tmax 3.3 with?
Is this a pull start
does this come with the EZ start
Hi I purchased this engine off you on Sunday. I have a 2wd traxxas jato. I think it might be the wrong engine being a multi shaft? Please advise thank
Is there any way to just buy the animals for the farm? We have this toy, but are missing the animals!
Does this latest version have furry animals, or are they all plastic?
what is the difference between the older and newer one? Bob B
What kind of battery does it require?
The video has a much larger piece version. Is there a package for all that is pictured?
what id the difference between this item-Little People Animal Sounds Farm for $50.66 and the Little People Fun Sounds Farm for $28.74.
This looks the most like the farm I bought for our grandchildren to play with here, but I know it wasn't this expensive. How many pieces are there?
Do the animals in the product you send have fur or is it the newest version with the plastic animals and the farm that makes lots of sounds?
How sturdy and durable is this toy, really? Anyone have one?
How do you get replacement parts other than the steel balls? We are missing the power station(box that plugs into electrical socket and coaster cords
Where can you get more marbles for the iCoaster? They are a certain diameter, steel marbles. We are down to one :( Thanks for the tips. It took a couple of tries to get it right. I first bought 1/2" marbles, but they were too small. I then bought 3/4"...
will any mp3 do: Does it have to be an ipod or will any mp3 player work with it?
I-Coaster: Do you have to have an ipod or mp3 player to make this work?
I seem to have lost the activity booklet for this kit. Is there a way to get another one?
How big do these crystals get to be?
how long it takes to do all the experiments one by one
Once the crystals have formed are they durable and can your child then put them on display?
What is the kit
Does anybody know where to get this for cheaper? Can anybody help me out?
Was this discontinued????
Does it jam easily
How far does it shoot
Where can I find a 20 round Nerf Vortex clip? Anyone know?
Display error? Why on earth are the prices for this marked so high?
how to make normal darts fire from the longshot ( you heard me ) Why I advise this is that those tips are glued on and are easier to remove.
Recon Vs. Double Shot: What do you think is better?
What are the box dimensions?
Different ammo types? Has anyone experimented with using different ammo types with the Longshot (main gun)?
does it tern
why is this so much money
Does it work like the real thing ?
Where is a place I can buy this online besides amazon?
When will it be back in stock
does it tell time
does this need to re-charge like in the show? does this make sounds saying it needs to re-charge?
How many dolls can it store?
What are the dimensions for this case?
May I know if the seller packs the Barbie Store It Box in a carton for shipment? I'm afraid of any damages during shipment as this is a plastic box.
What comes with this container?
What are the dimensions of the storage case?
Does this come empty or with dolls?
Has Walmart Posted Theirs for Today (Friday) Yet? Has anyone seen the Walmart Elmo's yet today?
Besides ebay where else can I find Elmo? Any ideas where I can find Elmo online?
Knocking Amazon... Is that your decision?
Why won't Amazon Let Me Sell MINE? Why is that?
66 for $150 and up??? What's wrong with this picture??
did anyone order elmo from tru? using the spanish and google check out trick?
What is it going for on Ebay?
What type of batteries are needed?
Please help: Why is one Elmo tmx 39.99 and one is 59.99 Do they both come with the?
TMX Ernie? Check out this auction I just saw on Ebay - TMX Ernie?
Leapsters compatible for 2 AND 5 year olds? Would I want this for my almost 3 year old, considering her 5 year old brother will be getting the Leapster L-Max?
Leapster TV of V-Smile for two players @ same time: Where is the additional adapter and joystick sold for the leapster TV and how do I know which games can be played together at the same time?
Better resolution - Leapster or V-Smile? Does anyone seen both of these systems and tell me which system looks graphically better on screen?
Leapster TV vs. Handheld: Has anyone else tried this?
How does the Leapster L-max work? Can somebody please help me?
Batteries/Adapter: Does this product offer an power adapter or do you have to use batteries?
leapster or v-smile???
What dogs does this handheld have?
dmigo: Do you have to purchase the docking station along with the pet?
Graphics good? Are the graphics good on the handheld even though they're black and white?
Leapfrog Learn &amp; Groove table or Fisher Price Laugh &amp; Learn Musical Table: Does anyone have a strong suggestion on getting one over the other?
Bilingual Table? What is the other language?
Anyone know all the songs (&amp; lyrics) of the music on the leap frog Learn and Grove Musical table? Is there a list of all the songs as well as the lyrics of the music on the Leapfrog table?
How is this different from Leapfrog Leapstart Learning Table (with 1000+ reviews!)?
How do you take the legs off once they are on?
Does the piano allow free play, or does it only play pre-programmed songs?
how much works without batteries? With this table, is it interesting at all without the battery-operated features?
Is this table high enough for a tall baby? he's one yr old and about 30 or 32 inches tall. Also is it true the music goes crazy on this thing?
Is this toy high enough for a tall baby? he is 12 mos. and about 31 inches tall.also does the music really go crazy on this thing after a couplmonths
what is the majoor problem with this toy?
is the material all one piece? I'm looking for something my grandson can use to also enclose the bottom of his bunkbed.
Can it be used outdoors?
does it have a bottom?
Where are the openings?
Does it connect to Pacific play tunnels?
We bought this for our son and misplaced the set-up directions. How do we get another copy?
What is th Diameter of the moon? Thanks PAUL.
Hello. Is there a setting to keep it on all night? We have this but have lost instructions so please let me know how to keep it on all night.
how bright is it?
how many batteries does this require?
Is it possible to mount this from the ceiling?
Does it go through the phases as it goes through the timer or does it just sit there and then turn off?
Does the moon turn on when you hit the switching in back of it, or do you then have to press the remote for it to turn on? Thx.
Is there an option so the moon stays on continuously all night? My son wakes up often through out the night and is afraid of the dark. Thanks!
Moon in my room doesnt shut off automatically. Anyone else have the moon that should shut off after 30min but doesn't?
my remote isn't working? I lost the instructions? DO i have to sync the remote somehow?
Which are the dolls that come with the set? The old chunky ones or the new ones? The photos show both so I would like to know.
is it good for a 3 year old?
Can you turn off the sound?
At what age would this be appropriate? What about a 2 year-old?
will my duaghters little people princesses fit in the airplane?
Price? Are you kidding me?
older toddlers? I have a 17 mth old. she loves to dance and bounce...would this toy be to "young" for her?
Price difference astounds me! Why is this product $149.99 on Amazon.com, but I can find it in the toy store for 39.99?
How does this attach to the floor ? Must it be secured only to a tile or wood surface ?
Fisher Price Zebra Vs. Learn &amp; Bounce &amp; Spin Pony: Any suggestions or personal experiences for people who have owned both?
Does anyone else's... Are we the only ones who MUST be sure to turn this thing off when not in use?
Does it bounce and spin by itself or does the child make it go?
$150 here but walmart sells for $50 .. why so much price difference ?
Is it better than classic animal rocker? Is this zebra any better than the classic rocking animal?
What the??????
I want this toy BUT: my son is 10months old he VERY large for his age &amp; I wonder how long he'll get to use it for....anyone know the weight limit on it?
Wal Mart Price - 59.88 What's the deal here??????
age appropriateness? Any thoughts on whether or not my students might find it too 'babyish'?
picture quality? i know i should probably be able to look this up somewhere, but was hoping someone who's actually used this could give me an honest opinion about how good of quality the pics are?
Camera did not last 24 hours... Anyone else have this experience or any advice on getting a replacement from manf?
compared to the vtech, which one is better?
LCD Display quality: Does anyone else have this problem?
Why is it for boys?
Anyone Know Who Actually Makes The Camera?
SD Card: Did anyone purchase a card and can tell me what brand?
Discontinued? Is this just post-Christmas shortages or are they not making it any more?
how many dots on dominos? im looking for dots up to 15 .
Does the station have the button you push for the train sound.
how many dominos in this set?
age appropriate
Are dominoes still 1/4 inch thick, or have they been improved to 3/8?
does the center hub make a toot toot noise?
need dimensions of individual dominos
One answer says 1/4" thick and the other says 1/3" thick. That is a significant difference. Does anyone know what the true thickness is?
Are the dominos plastic or ceramic? I used ceramic before &amp; they stand up very well. Worried that if plastic it may be too light and easily fall over.
The dominos appear to have raised colored dots, but I don't see that information in the product description. Are they actually raised?
HOW WELL DOES IT WORK
is the door hard to open
Motorized Bill Feeder: Anybody else have similar problems?
I cant remember my password, and resetting it isnt working either, it just changes the name. how do I reset the password?
can i put my own money?
Does anyone else have a problem with the buttons? I bought the bank for my son for Christmas and yesterday the buttons stopped working!
does it work like a real ATM
My son put his ATM card in the deposit drawer "to keep it safe," and then closed it. How can I get the drawer open without the card or destroying it?
Does the currency have to be in US Dollars?
The sounds are awful; can they be turned off?
Can anyone tell me how deep the seats are? The one we bought as very small seats and I'm thinking to return it for this one if the seats are deeper?
Extra storage bin: Is the bin removable?
Can anyone tell me how deep the seats are? The one we bought as very small seats and I'm thinking to return it for this one if the seats are deeper?
Size: Does it fit in a mid size sedan's trunk?
We just received this piano and the sun doesn't move at all and the metronome does nothing. Is it the newer version or did we receive a broken unit?
silly question but is it possible to take the legs off after you put it together? if so, how!? thank you;)
How wide is this? How tall to the tops of the legs?
We didn't get the green note with ours. Where can we buy one?
My 8 month old twins immediately pulled the toy over on themselves, individually. How is everyone else preventing this?
Is there a demo mode that it gets stuck in? The songs do not finish and knobs on back trigger nothing? or is this defective?
This product count only till 3 and not till 8 . Can someone tell me about this?
Product price: THis product is $45 on ToysRUS.com, why so much here?
Is the seat belt a 2-point or 3-point system?
Question About the Radio Flyer Ultimate Wagon: Also for owners of this wagon do you find it to have any issues with the wagion tipping???
is there a weight limit?
Are the wheels rubber or plastic and does it go in sand?
The description says that the storage bag is included but amazon says that the storage bag is a frequent item bought with this wagon. Is it included?
What are the assembled dimensions of this wagon? (minus the canopy) I'm wondering if it will fit in my hatchback. Thanks!
What is the actual board size inside the portapuzzle? I need to know that my jigsaw will fit, some reviews have said it has been a little too small
Can you use this sitting in a chair or in bed or does it have to be on a table?
it can't really cost $41 to ship can it?
What kind of material is on the inside? Is it felt like other cases?
Does the big board inside come out or just the two smaller ones?
how thick is it? doesn't mention that anywhere i could find it. thanks much
Do the side boards hold 500 pieces each before one starts to build the puzzle on the main board?
Do the side boards hold 500 pieces each before one starts to build the puzzle on the main board?
I see there is free shipping with this item. How long does it take for the item to ship?
Where may I purchase two extra flat board inserts?
Hi! Regarding the product, how do you get to sell it in an incredibly low price? I was just wondering if I should trust buying from the internet or just shop at Blick's.
The product description says the size is 5.9 x 3.2 x 0.6 inches, but the tin looks bigger than that to me. What are the dimensions of the tin?
What is the content on the CD?
do you ship to Brazil?
are these difficult to lay solid color? they're compared to verithin but those are hard lead, and it takes more effort to get the color down
Product Description says "Set of all 120 colors in a beautiful cherry wood studio box." Item listing title say "in tin box" Which is it?
Do you have the 120 pencil set in stock now?
will this module work on a straight 12 ft back and forth track
can this reversing module be used on a DCC system?
is it big?
Is this machine washable?
How big is this wolf?
is this a good quality wolf? i hear it sheds when you first get it
how realistic is it?
Can you make the wolf stand up or its stuck in that laying position pictured above?
How many Inches is it?
Would it make a good body pillow or would that cause the filling to move too much and break down the shape?
is his head cardborad and hard or is it soft with stuffing inside?
I want to get a pet collar for this little guy. Does anyone know the neck size??
How old? How old is too old to play this game?
Has anyone tried this yet: Has anyone tried it and if so, what did you think?
How is it powered
How tall? Has anyone seen this setup?
Number of Players: Does anyone know if this game can be played as a single player or does it require two players at all times?
Where can I find a plug, players and other parts for this game?
what are the best ages for it
Where ca i get a charger
Are these non-toxic and / or made in the USA? Are these non-toxic and / or made in the USA?
Are these washable crayons?
is there somewhere you can buy just the sharpener that comes with this set? We lost ours, and this is by the far best crayon sharpener
Does it come with any neon colors?
does this have a carrying handle? i know the pipsqueaks tower does NOT and it makes it more cumbersome to move around.
does this have a sharpener on it anywhere?
melt and mold
Outrageous Prices for this Butterscotch Pony: How are we suppose to deal with this?
Butterscotch pony makes loud clicking noise. Is that normal?? Can those of you that have one answer a question for me?
where can i buy carrott, brush and instruction manual for hasbro buterscotch pony
age
How to return this item? Now I am unable to remove the head of the item for return?
More "walking" questions: Is there a particular placement that needs to be used to make the horse make the galloping noise?
Does The tail move on the fur real ponies? Is it supposed to?
Just put new batteries in and it worked great for 10 mins. Now it starts to neigh and it stops half way Thur. Any suggestions??
how does one make it work?
sd memory card: what type of memory card does this camera take?
It just died! Has anyone else had a sudden death with it?
Mac compatible? i'm trying to get this to work on my son's mac G4. should it just plug in and work with iPhoto like a removable disk?
Where to find it? I want to give this camera to my goddaugther in christmas, but I can't find it for under 100$ :( Do you know where to buy it online or in Texas?
Price difference: Why such a price difference?
where can I buy the right size paper roll?
What size paper does this easel require? Popular brands such as Melissa and Doug make two sizes 12" or 16".
I am trying to order the WHITE easel. It keeps putting the "NATURAL" in my cart. Is the Natural actually white?
How do you fold it?
Why would a child want an easel with a magnetic board?
My grandchild is 3 years old and her mother is looking the ease express table it is okay for her????
Description says white plastic. Name says wood - natural. Which is correct?
Are either of the boards magnetic?
When I ordered this easel the board in the picture was white. The one I received is white. Was it suppose to be white?
can I use the the eraser board with out the paper?
Question... May seem silly, but... which end does the light shine from?
Looking for a flashlight for a DH fan, is this bright enough to be a basic flashlight in a dark room or a just a glow light like many props?
is it made of plastic like the stupid ones? Also does it have sounds like the plastic ones? does it have sound at all?
do you have to hold the button down to keep the flashlight on?
do you have to hold the button down to keep the flashlight on?
do you have to hold the button down to keep the flashlight on?
Does the bottom black part come off? or is it molded on?
In the actual show the very top part (the part with the light on it) extends. I am just wondering if the top on this one is able to extend upwards?
Where do you get replacement batteries?
Does it have sound?
suggested age
can i get a replacement plastic tool to put the lace through?
The picture templates to copy look quite complicated, are there any simpler ones included?
BRANDS OF CLOTHES THAT FIT
Is this doll's headband removable?
Does this doll look grumpy in person? I'm wary of getting her for a 3yr old as she looks a bit unfriendly in the photo, maybe it's just the photo?
can you take a bath with this doll?
How tall is this doll?
How many inches tall?
Is the doll's headband removable?
are these markers for white board?
If you you draw with them and then add a brush with water onto the drawing, does it bleed? Thank you!
Are these markers washable?
How wide is the line the marker make?
Are these AP certified non-toxic? Also, are they alcohol based or water based? Thank you!
IS the paint lead free?
what are the dimensions of the wagon. Height, width, length
What is weight/pounds limit?
Does this wagon have any major parts (heels, handle, etc) made of plastic? The one on Hayneedle's site is all steel.
how tough is this to put together? I am using this in a scavenger hunt, and am wondering if I will require the teams to assemble each one. Tools need?
Can someone tell me if this is the model with the plastic handle?
I received this item with no screws, nuts or bolts included in the package. I can't see how to get ahold of the seller to have these items sent.
what weight will it carry
Height from ground
Would this work at the beach, in the sand? Child is 3.5yo, weighs 35 lbs. Want to pull him and some beach blankets, snacks, etc.
where do you get the ants
Can you buy a refill of the gel? Or is this a one time use?&gt;
Do I have to buy ants or can I just get them from my yard?
I know there is a coupon/order form included in the box for the ants. Do you have to pay extra for the ants or is it a free coupon?
How long do the ants live?
Is the led light one color? can it be changed to different colors? I need different color gel
Has anyone opened the top and cleaned out all the blue goo that ants brought to the top after tunneling? Tunnels look good, but so much excess goo?
Has anybody put in 60 ants instead of the usual 30?
What happens when an ant dies? do you have to take it out or leave it in there to rot
Is there a cost associated with the ants is the cost of the ants and shipping included? I would like to buy this as a gift but don't want the giftee t
Do you HAVE to have an I-pad to use it?
Which is better? I-cybie or tekno: My daughter wanted Teckno for Xmas , but I saw the i-cybie on sale and wondered if it was better - anyone have both and can tell me which one is more fun?
Tekno? Is it fun?
Can anyone tell me what is in Tangoes Jr. that causes it to have the CA Prop 65 warning on the Amazon page?
With the magnet in the parallelogram, can it be flipped over and used on either side?
age recamendation
I'm looking to get tangoes for my 5 year old. How is tangoes jr different from classic tangoes?
How is it illuminated? Is there a cord?
Is the wood base removable? Is it real wood? I want to refinish the wood in a darker color.
How is it illuminated? Is it a light inside or there are led points?
What year is the globe from?
What year is the globe from?
how sturdy is it, and does it spin well?
can you tilt the globe
Does this come complete with the base?
Could you please clarify if the inner tube is a heavy duty type with a bike valve or the kind that can be blown up by mouth please?
would this work for our 10 month old little girl at 19-20 lbs?
Is this a full swimsuit with a tube or just the upper T?
What kind of valve is there? Can it be inflated by just blowing air in with your mouth, or pump is needed?
Can someone confirm if the doors open and close please?
Does it come with the garbage cans?
Do the doors open, I see reviews that say yes and no! Would love to buy for my grandson
What is the size of the truck?
Are the trash bins in the picture included?
how big is it
how large is it?
Does this garbage truck make any sounds?
my nephew is wondering what items fit into the garbage truck. nothing he tries doesn't work. Also do the Bruder people fit into the front of the truc
Does this one have the compactor in the back?
Is this realistically for 4-6 students, or would 4 kids work better with two containers of rods? Does age or math level make a difference?
Does anyone else's rods have poor paint? For example the brown looks like thin brown paint over orange rods.
Does this set come with an activity guide?
What is the modular size? i.e. what is the cubic size of the smallest piece - the 'one' unit. Is it 1x1x1 cm or larger?
How are these packaged? Are they in a disposable box or in a reusable plastic tub?
Are these wooden?
Do these rods have lines or notches on them?
How many of each denomination (number) are there?
How many dominoes are there TOTAL? Thank you.
Are these wooden dominoes?
What are the actual measurements of these dominoes in inches?
what are they made of?
Could we please get the measurements of the tiles in mm?
Are these the same size as the squares in a regular pattern block set?
Are these suitable for writing on with a sharpie? I'd like to use them to make my own letter and number tiles/magnets.
Are these soft or hard tiles? Foam or plastic?
Does each tile weight 1 gram?
Hello, are the people bendable? I am looking for people for my boys to play with our "town" and especially for people who can ride on our toy horses.
Is this product latex free
what age group are the figures for?
What size are the figures?
What is the actual size of figurines?
What are the sizes of figures?
Do these fold flat?
So do these have a hinge that folds or does it come out of the box in a V shape? If it's a folding hinge, can I take it apart to have 2 flat mirrors?
can i use this product for daily makeup application?
Is this mirror made of glass?
Is this a glass mirror or is it acrylic? I'm looking for something semi-unbreakable.
About how large is each sticker?
So can anyone give an estimate of how many stickers this is? Or how many sheets of stickers or anything? Thanks
How many colors are included in the pack?
How many star stickers are in a package?
Does this set have 30 individual Tangrams made up of 7 pieces each for a total of 210 pieces?
Does this item really have six colors or only four as one review stated, and what is the size of the tangram 'square'?
31 Tangrams in 6 colors, is it true?
Are these made out of plastic or foam?
Do any of the triangles have right angles?
What are the dimensions of a single and complete tangram? I need them for a high school geometry class and need a particular size.
Is this set guaranteed to come with purple/ all 6 colors, not 4?
Is this one poster with all of the emotions on it? Or several posters, one for each emotion?
Is this available as a poster or is it separate cards?
What are the dimensions of the separate "Sometimes I Feel?" poster? Thanks!
Are there feeling cards for being mad or angry?
Can I use an air pump to inflate? Don't really want to blow this up with my lungs.
How do you repair a leak in lounger?
Is there anyway to tie up to a boat, so it doesn't drift away. Thank you
how bulky is it when properfly folded? Would it fit in a standard carry-on suitecase without a problem?
The directions for folding the lounger have faded. Can you help, please?
Does this have PVC in it?
Is it okay for laying ono your stomach?
Is this like the Spring Float?
How would this do in the ocean - Gulf specifially-with very little waves?
is it good for the river
Does this set contain at least three "E"s? I'd like 3 uppercase "E"s but I'll settle for 3 lowercase "e"s. And are the "e"s all the same color?
how tall are the letters?
Do these stick to a refrigerator?
Does the magnetic cover the entire back of the letters?
Where is this made in?
What are these made of? Plastic? Wood?
How many of each number, letter, math symbol?
Thinking of using this to throw after a winter wedding. Will it evaporate or need to be cleaned up?
How long does it last? If I make it at night to surprise the kids for Christmas morning, will it still be fluffy in the morning or dried up?
I'm going to portion this out into condiment cups to give away with instructions at a bday party. What's the ratio of product to water on the jar?
what is this made of? what substance...
would this clog a drain (eg, if I let my kids play with it in an empty bathtub or shower (to avoid mess all over house), would it mess up the drain?)
What it be good for a birthday party?
About how many scoopfuls are there in 1 package?
How long would it take to dry enough for sweeping? We are having a birthday party at a school hall and we need to clean up quickly.
If it dry out and goes powderey can I add water to re-hydrate it? Does the snow need to stay in a covered container to keep its snow like feel?
Can you flock a christmas tree with it?
size of paint cups
Will the opening fit the melisa and Doug jumbo brushes
I want to store house touchup paint in these. If I shake the paint in the closed cup, when I open lid will any spill out or is paint well contained?
does it come with a brush
what are the dimensions of the spill proof paint cups?
are the cups and lids made of plastic? if so, which type? recycle # works as an answer -- thanks!
Hi, Just curious what kind of paint you use in these cups. Thanks.
What is the size of each card? I am looking for some to frame
what age is it for
How many cards are in the set?
How much wood (and of what kind) is needed? I am trying to estimate the total cost...
Is it whole swing set that I have to install it?
PLEASE.....What are the overall dimensions of the finished Alpine swing set?
WHAT AGE
Will the Green Alpine Wave Slide work for this playset? Says it mounts to a 4ft. 6inch - 5 ft. platform.
What size of slide does it take ?
how much does it weigh i would like to take this to my children in africa
Hi can you pls tell me size of the shiping box?
Does this come with the net shown in the picture?
Where is the kit with the lumber?
what is the size?
the size of the toys?
size?
Why is this recommended for kids older than 3 years? Is that because of a safety hazard?
Is the backpack removable?
Is this the Med (13 in) or small (7.5 in) doll and also, is the hair yarn or stuffed?
The size and weight of doll
question: does the karaoke come with microphones
lyrics: Are the lyrics displayed on the monitor screen?
I have a defective speaker. Where can I find one or advise an amplifier.
stvg999 have a colored monitor
stvg999 monitor is it colored
Speakers? Can you plug this into your own speaker system?
Where do I find an instruction manual?
What are the dimensions of the puzzle space?
Is this actually a rigid board or more of a floppy mat?
will this mat hold 1000 piece puzzle?
will it hold a 24 x 30 inch puzzle?
how wide is each Side piece?
What size is the closed unit?
So, if you have the center area for putting the puzzle together in, where do the pieces go that you haven't used yet when you close it up?
Looking to purchase for an elderly person. Can this be used in your lap while seated in a chair or sofa? What is the weight?
Once the puzzle is done can it be transferred in order to have it mounted and framed?
Is this made of leather? I am hoping its made of faux leather. Thank You!
Will this canopy fit on a collapsible wagon, like the Mac wagon?
What is the height (in inches) from where the clamps connect ot the wagon to the top of the Canopy?
Does it fit the radio flyer pathfinder wagon?
Will it fit the radio flyer grandstand deluxe 3-in-1 wagon?
I would like to get replacement clamps ahead of time. Where do I get them?
Does this canopy fit the Radio Flyer Triple Play Wagon
Will this canopy fit on the Triple Play wagon. The clamps look different in the photos.
Will it work on the deluxe wood sided radio flyer?
I have the ultimate family wagon.. will this fit that?
Has anyone found a comparable wagon canopy that is of better quality? My clamps broke after about 4 mos of use. I need a wagon cover for the hot sun!
Is this adapter suitable for Australia?
Is there a warranty on this plug?
Will this recharge rechargeable batteries if I put them in Leap Pad2 while the AC adapter is plugged in?
Will the Leap Frog AC adapter Charge the Leapster, to where you can play and not have to leave it plugged in?
Leap Pad adapter: Does this ac adapter work on the leap-pad?
Oh hey do I need to buy a charging dock for the rechargeable batteries or will this adapter charge them? We have two leapsterGS explorers
I already have the rechargeable batteries made for the LeapPad2, but a bunny chewed through the wall charger. Will the AC adapter recharge?
Can I Need to put batteries in leapster gs explorer if we have charger?
Will this work for the LeapFrog Smart Globe?
So does the ac adapter have to be plugged in LeapPad 1 the entire time you are using tablet?
Would a 4 year old (who loves puzzles and often works 100 piece puzzles) be able to do this/enjoy it?
Can you still do the puzzle if some of the pieces are lost? Those little balls look like they would be easy to lose.
are these magnets? how do they stay together?
Do pieces they stick together?
I wanted to also order Brick by Brick
How long is the alligator?
what is the size ?
i am looking for a inflatable, real looking croc or alligator
can you give me the actual imensions of this truck
can you give me the dimensions of the trailer height length width?
what is the size
Does the trailer separate from the truck and stand alone? Do doors open on trailer and/or truck?
Does the place were you put three fingers move
what material is it
Can you use the Leglends of the Wld West 100 roll caps, or do you have to use the 50? And where do you buy the caps? Thanks.
Does it have a strap or a place to attach one?
How long is the rifle?
How long is the gun?
is it made of metal
what kind of rolls do you use
what kind of cap dose it use rolls or shot
How big is this schoolbus?
size
do the lights work
Does it have a stop sign on the side that swings in and out?
what is the size of the bus
what are the dementions
Does the Blackhawk actually have KFOR printed on the sides?
Is this helicopter a model that has been built or is it to play with? Do the parts move and open?
What does it have inside?
how big is the black hawk helicopter
good afternoon friends are metal or plastic?
Is the black hawk a model kit or a regular model?
My grandson lives on a dirt road. Does this work well on gravel roads?
does it have a push bar for parents?
I have a special needs child who is 8 and on the small side. He is 42 inches really and 40lbs. Would this work for him?
How well does this trike pedal through grass? How about hills and grass....different terrain in general?
It's made in China or USA?
Is there a place where the child can rest their feet if the toddler is still learning to pedal? I have a very tall 2 y/o who will fit on this, but still pushes around toys with her feet. Thanks.
Doing an "Adopt-A-Family" gift this year for a 3 year old boy. Would this be super awesome?
I have a special needs son who is turning 4 but is very small/short-height of an average 2yr. Would he be able to reach peddles? Does it tip easily?
Is this too big for an almost two year old?
So i my grandson who is 2 and has short legs, this would not be the trike for him?
My grandson lives on a dirt road. Does this work well on gravel roads?
does it have a push bar for parents?
I have a special needs child who is 8 and on the small side. He is 42 inches really and 40lbs. Would this work for him?
How well does this trike pedal through grass? How about hills and grass....different terrain in general?
It's made in China or USA?
Is there a place where the child can rest their feet if the toddler is still learning to pedal? I have a very tall 2 y/o who will fit on this, but still pushes around toys with her feet. Thanks.
Doing an "Adopt-A-Family" gift this year for a 3 year old boy. Would this be super awesome?
I have a special needs son who is turning 4 but is very small/short-height of an average 2yr. Would he be able to reach peddles? Does it tip easily?
Is this too big for an almost two year old?
So i my grandson who is 2 and has short legs, this would not be the trike for him?
Does anyone have the original assemble instruction for the foam pieces. The Blue sticker doesn't have enough detail.
Can you get other compatible tools like spanners, wrench etc that work with it as it doesn't look like many "tools" come with it?
I'm thinking of getting this for my 4 yr old son. sounds like it might be too small. Could anyone tell me if this would be something for a 4-5 yr old?
how high is it
Additional/Replacement pieces ? Has anyone been able to find additional/spare pieces for this toy?
Would this be something a five/six year old would play with? He likes tools and building things, he loves legos but the good sets are a bit too tough.
How long does it take to put the workshop together?
Would this be to small for a tall five year old
customers have complained about the drawer not working or sticking. have any of you found the drawer to work with ease and be functional for a child?
Has anyone found additional 'wood pieces' that can be purchased seperately? Is there a coordinating additional set of tools that can be purchased that compliment this workbench?
If it's not made in China can someone tell me where it's made? How durable is the kitchen? Thanks!
Does anyone know if Plan toys pots/pans and play food work with this kitchen? Looking for something not made in China, Christmas presents for our daughter. Thank you!
What are the inner dimensions of the oven? Trying to figure out what accessories will work with this.
are these tracks compatible with a Thomas the train table?
Is it compatible with other train sets
Is the set compatible with Brio train tracks and trains? Is the set compatible with Brio train tracks and trains?
Has anyone figured out how to secure the elevated tracks together so that they don't fall apart from a little nudge? We don't want to use hot glue.
Compatible with IKEA train sets?
made in usa? Is this product made in the USA?
Will this set fit as pictured on a Pottery Barn Kids Carolina Activity Table?
Will these track pieces work together with Thomas railway pieces (not just the train cars)?
There's something wrong with the instructions for the layout pictured. Using the parts it says to use, you cannot create it. Anyone know why?
What are the approximate dimensions of the train track when assembled? I'm trying to figure out if this train track will fit in my activity table.
My daughter is 20 months, and is quite small (like &lt;10 percentile) would you recommend this or just get a trike right away?
What size would i order for a 3 year old
What is the maximum height the seat can be adjusted?
Does it come apart easily for storage?
My son is 18 months and 34.5 inches tall. Will he get much use out of this bike? If not, is there another version someone can recommend?
Does the tricycle turn sideways or it is just a straight ride???
How high is the seat in the lowest position?
What are the fruits/veggies included in this set ?
How many fruits/veggies are included in the set?
Are these BPA free?
Where was this product made?
Can I use this on my racquetballs? (this one does 3 where the other one only does 2)
How do you open it?
Can this pressurize already soft balls?
How do you pressurize the balls once placed in the saver? Do you pump it up to pressurize?
How long does the O-ring last before the rubber dries out and is not able to keep the pressure?
I've had mine for a number of years and it no longer seems to hold pressure. Will a new O ring solve the problem, and how do I buy one?
Has anyone else tried Pressureball? I saw it mentioned in one of the reviews but am unsure if it is a better solution than this.
Will putting pressureless tennis balls into a tennis ball pressurizer damage them, help them, or have no effect? I purchased a Tennis Ball Saver and a Tourna 18-Pack Mesh Bag of Pressureless Tennis Balls and am wondering whetherl putting the...
How many balls does one can hold?
Anyone had issue with pressure loss from the top cover (yellow lid) molding seams? Heard/confirmed in water bath air leakage/bubbles. Defective?
I want to sit IN the water and not be too high. I am 120lbs.how high above the water will I sit. Hubby is 210lb. will he sit IN the water or above?
What is the patent number of this float?
Will this hold a 270 lb person up out of the water good (shoulders out of water)?
what kind of controller does this have with it?
how fast in mp/h ?
What is the charger input and output? Can the charger be used anywhere in the world?
What size is the battery pack for this car?
Can this car drift?
what color is left? Can I request Red?
Are the tires made of plastic or rubber?
Do you have this car in grey with black ? , what is the maximum speed this car can reach&iexcl;?
How long is this car?
How do you rate Bruder toys with Tonka toys?
What scale is tt?
I would like to know the size of this toy....Thank you for your help
is it remote contrul
does this toy need batteries?
Does it make noise
Do the treads move or are they just for looks?
is it remote controlled
is it made of metal ?
what are the measurements of the toys
How many tubes come.
is this size right for adult?
what size is the tube?
What is the size of the opening when inflated?
how many tubes come in the two pack or in the one pack package? the price seems odd for both packages
Age?
Does this product come with batteries? Do I need to buy them? And if so, what kind of batteries does this take? ~thanks!
Is this really loud? My nephew has a problem with loud sounds.
I just ordered this and it isn't working. Is it possible that the battery is old, and if so would the company be able to send a new unit or battery?
DO YOU SHIP TO URUGUAY??
Is this a Karaoke machine? Where do the lyrics display?
truthfully, is this a toy that keeps on being fun? also, are the voices significantly fun and interesting?
appropriate for what age
how do i pick a color? I ordered on for my son and it came in purple.... how do i get a red one
age
Would this work with an American Girl Bitty Baby doll?
What is height of stroller and would the height be ok for a 2 year old?
Is the fastener on the safety straps similar to the fastener on a child's stroller, high chair, etc.?
Can a 20 inch doll fit nicely in the stroller
Plastic or rubber wheels?
Is this stroller tall enough for a tall 6 year old?
Would this stroller be okay for a one year old? She is about 31 inches tall and has been walking for 3 months. Is she too young for this stroller?
Could the stroller fit two bitty babies?
Is the hood removable or able to fold up so the child can see the doll while pushing the stroller?
Is it easy for a toddler to recline/straighten the seat independently?
who is the manufacturer?
is the Ariel salon the same as the ariel vanity thanks it is hard for gramma to stay uo on these things
Is this priced wrong??
What size the screws does this use? I lost the 14 screws for this toy. The instructions do not say what size they are for me to go buy new ones.
How can I order replacements such as the sticker, Sebastian, the large purple clam &amp; the hair accessories
Does anyone know how to find the instruction manual on line? We got this as a hand me down...no instructions &amp; no screws...any help?
Are these figures plastic or in wood?
would these work for the kid craft sets?
do legs bend
I would like to know how tall each one of these figures are.
Seems to me Yahtzee is naturally quite travel friendly. What makes this edition better for travel than packing up my full-size?
does this include the score sheets
How do you buy replacement score sheets?
quiet cup?
How much do you estimate it will cost me for the motor, transmitter etc.(all the rest of the parts to fly it)? Thank you, Edi
completely disarmed?
does the remote controls allow you to adjust the elevons during flight?
What is the wing span?
what comes in the box?
But full assembled or comes half assembled?
Is this motor powered?
Will high school 9th graders love it? I teach 9th grade science, and I need some help with labs!
Will high school 9th graders love it? I teach 9th grade science, and I need some help with labs!
does it have a swich
Does this have a one way valve air adapter?
can this inflate balloons as well?
How many liters of air can this pump move per minute on average? Thanks.
With a kiddie pool, will it inflate it totally so that the sides are firm? Is there enough pressure to get all of the air needed in there?
what voltage is this?
Does it work on 220v ? And does it over heat ?
What is the inflation rate?
How loud is it
How loud is it
can you control PSI? what Is Min PSI ? Sometimes I want to use 10-25PSI (so not too much pressure)
Does this doll have a cloth body?
How long is this baby doll?
Does this come in the original blue Madame Alexander box?
Will it sit up- like in a high chair?
Can you change this dolls clothes?
This will sound silly but could an adult use it to just sit in and read a book? I have a pool, in Arizona, but can't be in direct sun for very long .
does each side look the same, or is it bottomless? I cannot tell by the photo if the two girls are inside the actual cube or legs in the pool?
what are the dimensions of the package box when shipped?
Can this be used at a lake?
Is there a hole for your legs in the bottom?
Does this come with a REPAIR KIT?
How do I reflate my cushion?
Does it smell? I am very sensitive to the smells
what is the weight limit? My son is 13, but only 90 pounds and I don't know if rather to go with the adult pillow already or rather this one?
Does it have a smooth side? We tried a round "wiggly pillow" and my son hates the spikes.
Despite regular brushing his fur around the upper body and arms has become a bit matted and frizzy in places. How can I resolve this?
dimensions - length, width, height
How long is this stuffed animal?
How are these packaged? I've bought some before from Melissa and Doug that are in a wooden box with a sliding lid. Is that how these are packaged?
what's the size?
What's the size?
Is it just three figures or what? Very confusing..
Why are your pilot, doctor, police, and fireman people all male? I have a son, but would still like him to see some women to reflect today's real world.
What type of wood are these made from?
Is there water based paint on these?
Are the people really 6" tall? I am looking for figurines to go with wooden train track set and these seem perfect, except for the size.
How durable is the paint on these figures? Thank you!
How TALL are the figures?
are these made in the USA with hardwood from USA?
Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?
Will newborn baby clothes fit this doll?
What exactly is the choking hazzard on this doll?
Why does this item appear in a search for organic dolls? Is it made of organic materials?
The box states that there are 3,449 pieces. Your description state 3,417 pieces. Where are the 32 missing pieces and what are they?
The description states that this is "Built to scale with original". What scale is that exactly since the original was the size of a small moon?
How long did this take to put together?
How about a box? Do you have it?
Pieces?
does it move on its own?
how big is it?
Does this also come with a fork attachment, or does that need to be purchased separately?
Is it remote control
where do you order the spare parts for the bucket piece that seems to break alot?
Does this work to dig sand and dirt?
What is the scale (the comparison to actual size loader)?
how big is it?
WHAT THE MATERIAL IS? DIE CAST?
How big is it?
What is the size? Does Plan Food etc. fit the scale?
What is on the sink side on the bottom -- a drawer, a dishwasher, etc?
Looking into purchasing this and was wondering if it held up well considering its very pricey. The door that opens with the string kind of concerns me
Have they improved the packaging? Several commentators say the center arrived cracked.
What is the height from floor to counter top? Says the hight is 25.5 inches high. is that to the counter top OR the top of the shelf piece?
Is the paint on this dollhouse saliva proof? Eg if a kid chews or sucks on any of the pieces, will the paint come off or start bleeding?
Can this dollhouse fit american girl dolls?
Where is this made?
Does the furniture match the pictures? I've seen other photos with different furniture.
Is the house made of solid wood or mdf/veneer?
What are the measurements?
I see that this comes with furniture but does it come with any dolls?
The size of this product isn't clear to me from the listed dimensions. What are the dimensions of each section of the house, assembled?
Does this dollhouse have a yellow or orange roof?
As it adapts to a concrete pool
Will it work for an Intex easy set 12 x 36 pool?
could this be hooked up to a garden hose?
i have a doughboy above ground pool. Will this fountain work?
hello, that long is the hose?
does the hose sink in the pool water. And can it be adjusted and shortened
Does this fountain need alot of pressure to work?
Will this work for a inground pool?
Can you easily adjust the height of the fountain?
How do you adjust the height of the fountain? Thank you.
battery charged for 24 hours and still no green light..what to do
Can you ride more than one in your pool if so what size is your pool
Would this work in a shallow swim area of a lake? Does it have something that helps it float if dropped?
I am wondering, after initial charge, which was i think 24 hours, do all charges take as long? also, can you charge before completely dead?
does it come with a battery
does it come with a battery
i am searching for a battery charger for seascooter dolphin
Is it 110 or 240?
what is the limit weight it can handle?
Do you know if the battery is included?
I don't see the choking hazard. What is triggering this warning?
Is this doll scented at all?
Is this doll "anatomically correct" in front? Thanks in advance! (This would be a gift and I figure the"anatomy talk" is totally up to her parents! )
Is this doll washable?
Does the doll's head move?
Are there any additional boy clothes that can fit this doll?
do you have this doll with dark hair &amp; preferably blue eyes?
Does anyone know if these trains work with an imaginarium train table?
Do the Maxim trains work on Melissa and Doug wooden tracks?
does these train work with vetch go go train track
do these work on the thomas set?
kid kraft compatible?
Do these fit under the Ikea train tunnels?
Are these trains compatible with Inroad Toys Railroad Track tape. Their site says: '2" wide - wooden train scale , rails 25mm center-to-center.'
would this train cars work on disney raditor spring race track
what is the size of each car
Are these Battery operated?
How do u shock people?
I am in bismarck North Dakota how long will it take for the product to get here
What kind of batteries?
How long does it take to get to Memphis TN USA
dose it rely shoot litng
I'm in Los Angeles how long will it take to deliver?
i would like to buy a 6 deck revolving card holder
Are any of the card shufflers quiet
need two deck shuffler
does this ship free to canada
are there three sections?
Are these CHH brand card trays? Ordered these and Brybelly brand shipped instead so now we have 16 bad units to return. Brybelly quality is terrible.
Does this have room to hold sleeved cards? http://www.amazon.com/Ultra-Pro-Card-...
I received my Revolving Playing Card Tray/Holder For 6 Decks 2 weeks ago. The bottom circle has come off. Is there any way to fix it.?
is there a 3 section 6 deck revolving playing card tray
I accidentally bought the 6 deck revolving playing card tray. DO THEY STILL MAKE THE 4 DECK revolving playing card tray??? Canasta standard.
good for a 12 year old boy?
10 yr. old, 8 yr.old&amp; 7yr.old. How well will it work for all 3?
What are the weight limits?
How loud is it? My son has cochlear implants so I'm just curious on how loud the commands are. Thanks! :)
I have a 'just turned' 9-year-old autistic, adhd child. He is about 74#, 49" tall -- what do you think?
Hi. Can you confirm the packaging is 2006 edition and as per the display picture (round).Isaw some reviews saying it is not per the display picture.
How many pieces does this Jenga game have?
Does the finish on the blocks allow for writing on them using a sharpie? We wish to use these at a wedding and have guests write their advice on the pieces.
HOW STURDYIS THE CONTAINER
Is this the ORIGINAL ROUND carrying box... NOT the new oblong style
How big are the pieces? I'd like to use this at a graduation party for guests to write-on
does this include a stacking sleeve ?
Is this the larger version - I need the blocks large enough that Graduation guests can write notes on each block. thanks!
I need at least 50 bears, do you have that many?
I want to use this bear as a centerpiece, can I insert a small craft or child's pail between the front paws?
Could it be posed into different positions?
does this bear flop into a lying down position?
What are the materials used?
We have this set &amp; the soccer guys set. Any tips on flattening the felt playing fields?
what are numbers on the back of the men?
Is it too young for an 11 year old
is it a good product for a 9 yr old?
The age level of this game
Why is the green set more expensive than the other colors?
I see the measurement of the felt. How big are the players?
are the players red and blue as the box states or green and black as described in details on site?
Are the teams red and blue or green and black? It has red and blue listed on the actual listing name but green and black listed under the details.
Says Red/Blue on the product and also has a picture with red/blue men.However,it says the teams are green/black in the details? Any idea of the color?
is it including the paper and colors to drawing or just the bag?
On my computer it looks like the main color of this organizer is pink. I am looking for something for my nephew, are the colors of this pink and blue?
Would this support the weight of a portable DVD player on the shelf?
Sturdiness: Is it sturdy enough for kids to actually draw on when opened down?
How many pieces?
Country of origin?
What are the dimensions of the blocks?
What age group is this for
Can they make multiple versions of the Rover or are they able to make other things as well with this particular kit.
I have two boys . . . do the cars run on the same frequency or are there 2 available?
Can it run on a short napped carpet?
Are the parts interchangeable with the Elenco Snap Circuits SC-300?
are there many kinds of rovers you can make?
Will the recharging unit work with some rechargable batteries in the snap circut car?
Does it break easily?
Do I need to buy additional batteries for these rovers?
This looks identical to the cheaper Slinky type except for the earphones. Is it the same?
Does this device use batteries and if so what size?
Does the girl come with the device?
WHAT ARE CUSTOMER REVIEWS
What two colors did you receive?
Can these be hooked together with Duplo blocks to make one larger plate?
Do these plates also hook ON TOP of the DUPLO bricks, e.g. to use them as a roof?
will these work with my first duplo sets
what are the dimensions?
will this work with my regular legos?? someone said no but it looks the same..
Are these plates flexible
is it original lego?
What are the dimensions?
do these plates fit the Lego JUNIOR (Batman and Ninja Turtle) sets???
Is this 3 ch TQi?
Is the car power by gas or is it electrical?
does it come with the sensors for the TQI already installed on the truck?
witch is bigger the 1/8 or the 1/10
Does this item have the tai docking station for iPhones?
it comes with revers?
The used ones are returns from individules?
goodnight I'm interested in the car I want to know if the car brings the engine and all accessories and comes ready to run if?
how do I pick the color???
Is this a gas powered 4x4. Can it go through thick mud through water to where that the water is up the windows on its plastic cover?
How big is the rabbit? Product dimensions says it's 7.4 x 6.2 x 2.7 inches. Product description says it's 10".
Is it soft
does it give you a code to go online
It is breakable?
Would this be a good tea set for American Girl dolls?
can my granddaughter aqctually have a tea party that includes a beverage with her Mother or are they too small?
Is the set lead free?
Is there a Lead Warning on this set?
Hi everyone! I have this toy and my baby loves it. My only thought, is the paint non-toxic?
Does this have a bell on it?
How do you clean this toy? I given this toy by a friend and want to give it a thorough clean before giving it to my teething baby.
Where is it made?
Can this really be used as a teether? I worry that wood material won't be good for babies to bite.
what material are the beads made of?
What is the difference between this and the Baby Skwish Classic which sells for 3$ more?
anyone know what size the beads are?\
Do the strings have a long plastic or wooden coating on the end to make threading the beads much easier?
Are these beads smooth on the inside or rough like the other Melissa and Doug Lacing beads?
Would these be appropriate for a 17 month old to play with under close supervision, or should I wait until he's a little older?
Does the box come with a lid for storage?
Why does the Product Detail section say "3775 Lithium ion batteries required." How do batteries work with these lacing beads?
age
what age is this for?
Are the letter beads printed so that the letters are always right side up (if you make a necklace and the bead turns over when worn)?
How many laces comes in this box of beads?
Is the paint chew friendly for children?
Do the strings have ends on them that make it easy to get the bead on?
the age of little girl who likes this?
How do you store the set if it is sold without a lid and/or box. Do you sell one?
How many "Strings" comes with this set? I want to do this with a group and would like to order enough for everyone.
How large are the beads?
Is each state a puzzle piece? It says state or region, but I'm looking for one that is each state. Thank you!
Is this wooden?
Do you know if all the states are less than 3" x 5"?
What are the dimensions of the finished puzzle?
can it be hanging on the wall?
how do I delete the map in my cart?
Is the United States really an island surrounded by ocean on all four sides?
I am looking for a USA puzzle with Hawaii and Alaska located more accurately.
are capitals noted on each state
are the capitals listed
Hi, Up to what age can kids play with this basketball hoop? My son is close to 5 years. Thanks in advance for your assistance!
would this be ok for a 18 month old?
Is there a reason you're charging $190 for something you can get at Walmart for $55 minus the plastic ball return and in a different color?
What size net works with this? I purchased a used one and it needs a new net but I am not sure what size to purchase or where I can get it from.
a reviewer posted that it goes up to eight feet, but the description says 6 feet. Can it go to 8?
made by Fisher Price or by First Mate?--I am confused. What is difference between the I can play basketball with black backboard and the white one?
Can I keep this outside in all kinds of weather? (We're in the south, so snow is not an issue)
does it come with a ball?
the posts don't seem stable? i tried pushing them in as hard as i could,but they don't seem to be all the way in.help!
Can the base be filled with sand instead of water?
Are the magnets inside the letters?
How big are each of the letters?
What does this means (plus some extras.)?
What size are these letters?
How do the pictures slip into the pages? (Ie. top, inside, outside)
How well does the album/pictures hold up to being put in baby's mouth?
how many photos can it hold
are the pages on the inside thick, or are they just a plastic insert? Also is this item PVC, BPA free? Basically, non-toxic?
are the photos all in landscape layout - 4"tall and 6"wide?
is this made in america?
Is there a place where you can put names with the photos?
are all 12 pictures horizontal?
How big is this Wild Republic jumbo polar bear?
in what country is it manufactured?
how big is the bear?? don't see a description!
Does the bear have claws? In some of the reviews I read and pictures I saw, the polar bears do not have claws. I'm looking for one with claws. Thanks.
How big is it?
Is the Jumbo Bear Polar guaranteed allergy-free?
What does it feel like?
how big is it?
How large is this?
How many sprays per bottle?
how many ounces in this can??
How many come with it because the picture is a bunch of them
I sprayed it in my mouth and it also tasted just like a fart, what do you put in this stuff?
how many bottles come with it
does it smell like fart
how many come
How big are these?
Are the plastic parts BPA free?
does the propeller on the plane spin?
how big
How big is it really? i keep hearing 2-3 feet tall. I really want it to be big.
How fluffy is it on a scale of 1-10
how tall is it
What size is this bear from head to bottom of feet?
Is this bear solid enough to be a back cushion? I'm wanting some big animals for a preschool library - for the teachers and children to lean on.
What carrier do yo use to ship this bear?
Is the bear permanently in the sitting position? Like is the legs sewn in the sitting position. Or can the legs move about.
im needing a panda bear that I can put a small size 12month baby cheer uniform on! I think this one is bigger than im wanting. Do you have any suggest
Is the shedding a real problem?
age group
What is the difference between the G-guage and the O-guage?
How big is the track circle
Can this be set up on a carpeted floor?
does the track come with the polar express track?
oes it blow real steam? If so, how does it accomplish this?
What are the measurements of the cars
figures
I am wondering how big the cars are. Can anyone tell me how long and high the engine is?
can't get train to move on track
How long is the knife? (Minus the packaging.)
Is this more of a metallic version of the knife? Thanks
Does the knife bend easily or is it relatively rigid?
would these be good for juggling?
What is the shipping for 10 ?
will this work for airsoft?
At work, I get to dress up for Halloween. Would this be a good choice to tuck into my belt or my boot, to complete my pirate costume?
Is it good for a boy who likes legos?
what age is it for
what is the recommended youngest age
is it remote control?
I wanted an erector set made in USA. Are any set made in USA or France?
What age is it designed for?
Can you build more than one model at time? Or do you have to deconstruct one to build another?
what age is this designed for?
Do you have plans (instructions) how to build meccano 3- yarn French knitting machine? David
How does this set compare to other similar Erector metal building sets?
What is the drying time? And exactly how thick is it?
Is it crystal clear and looks like water after drying?I am looking for clear glue for making vase where I need to fill glue in which looks like water,
Can it be used to glue jigsaw pussels together?
would this glue work for gluing a completed lego piece?
Is this the same as Aleen's Clear Gel Tacky Glue?
Is this water based?
What is the expected shelf life of this glue, after opening the container?
can this glue be used on paper to crystal
Does it crack after drying?
Does it make good slime
What are the colors?
Can the watercolors be used to dye eggs?
Ate these AP certified non toxic?
Are these made in the usa?
Hi! can i order them to israel?
Are these colorfast?
Can you get washable color splash watercolour paint?
Is it washable water color?
Am looking for something to play with in the snow would this be a good buy? Please explain why thank you
is this 4wd
does it have a brushless motor
does it have a brushless motor
Would I need the rpm bumper and the traxxas caster blocks
ive only driven mine three times and only for about 15 min a time but the motor keeps quitting. ive already bought/installled the new titan 12t 550 and it quit workin too.HELP
This isn't Nitro? It pulled up when I entered nitro but it says its battery?
do you sell extra batteries for the car, if so, is there a link. Also, does it include the charger for the car battery?
Is this 2 wheel drive?
if i order from australia will i recieve an australian power pack or will i need a converter?
Is it thin enough in diameter for stringing .9mm beads?
Is this stretchy enough to use for party hats, the part the goes around the kids' face/chin?
Can Children (5 to 12) string beads easily with this cord?
i always use stretch magic, so what makes this better?
What type of clasps do you use with this cord for making bracelets?
Is this a better choice for bracelets then a product like Stretch Magic? Is is easy to knot?
does it come in black
can I use this one in a sewing machine? I ask is because I saw it a little bigger then normally i bought. Thank you
Is this like the rubbery/plasticy kind of elastic cord? Or is it more like those thick, durable, fabric string?
What size is this cord?
What size is the case I ordered for $42.99?
What is the size
it says there are a variety of different sizes. what size is the game priced at 24.99$ ? thanks!
what size is this case ?
On the 10 inch size board, what is the size of the chip?
What are the open dimensions and closed dimensions...seller should add the exact dimensions to every set description.
what size are the playing pieces in the 11" set?
what is the dimension of the case?
I would like to order a 10x15" board but no selection is given in ordering. The answers give a variety of sizes.
I selected this and had no size option how big is it.
Are these BPA free?
Plastic or ceramic?
Are these non-toxic?
Can anyone please tell me the size of the plates?
The picture shows primary colors but the description says pastel - which is it?
Can these be used with the kid craft table and chairs for 18" dolls
Trying to get a size dimension. How wide and deep is the pot?
So can you use the for American Girl dolls?
I read the BPA FREE? post...Is it for sure BPA free?
Are these BPA, Phythlate free???
So can the seller answer: how many balloons are suppose to be in the package? We have a lot of different answers.
what's the diameter of these balloons when inflated?
how come it says we get 250 balloons in the answer section but I only got 100 balloons?
Are there green balloons included in this assortment?
Can I blow these balloons up with helium?
how many come in a package
How long do they take to get there?
Can I blow this up by mouth or do we need to use a special pump?
How manny Ballons are in this package and what colors do you get?
does this come with a pump?
Is this teal colored PlasmaCar a legit one from PlaSmart? I don't want to end up with a knockoff version.
Why is this one 10 dollars cheaper?
Are the wheels now runn
Does it ship in a box with the picture on it? i.e. Do I need to ship it to a friend's house to avoid spoiling the surprise for my child?
polyurethane wheels
is there more than one size of the plasmacar? some are priced at 39.99 and others are 70.00 or more? why?
What is the upgrade on the wheels all about?
Is this to young for a 8 year old boy?
what is the recommended age for this?
Can the car be ridden on a sidewalk, or will the cracks interfere with the ride?
One of the front wheels is not level and is actually off the ground. Child can make it go but it's not so fast. Is that normal?
front wheel shaft is too wide to fit into body. what do we do?
Will 2 the poleutherene wheels be too fast of a 2 year old? Trying to decide whether to get standard or the one with faster wheels.
Can it be ridden outside?
Would this work for a small 4 year old? He's about the size of a 2 year old
I am building it right now and have a spare part. The Hex Key. What do I do with this? It is not mentioned in instructions.
Are these cars made in the U.S.A.?
What age group is this for?
what is the weight limit?
How does it affect wood floors?
What are the measurements of the plasacar?
do you pedal it
My son was born missing his right hand. Do you think he can safely steer this car?
can this be used outside
Does it ship in a plain box? I need to hide it for Christmas!
Is this an outside toy
Does this club set have a driver, it is not explicitly mentioned on th description. Pl confirm.
My boy is turning 6 this May and he's 44" tall. Quite small. Can he still use this set?
The lengths of the clubs in the description seem pretty long. Is this set really appropriate for a 6 year old that's just over 4 foot?
what is the weight of this set?
Is this only for left hand side?
Is there a driver? Shows a pix of one but doesn't mention it.
does the bag has double strap?
What height should the child be to use these clubs?
Have a 41 inch tall grandson. Will these work?
Why are the clubs the same length for ages 4 to 7 as the ones from 8 to 12?
What's the real measurement for this table? 58 x 47 x 45.25 inches or 45.2 x 33.8 x 47 inches? With or without rods?
why do you say this game isnt intended for children 13 and under?
How does the puck enter the game
Are the players solid color plastic like shown in some of the pictures, or are they painted and more detailed like shown in others?
Do the pucks really "roll" more than, say, a Super Chexx game? I read on the other listing you can try the 7/16 flat pucks, but they get stuck. True?
Can this game be coverted to coin op?
How does this compare quality-wise with the Shelti Breakout table? Many features are very similar, but the Shelti is $400 more. Any input appreciated.
do you sell replacements for the plastic dome? Ours cracked.. The scoreboard still works.
Has anyone ever found different pucks? The pucks that come with these Carrom tables are more like a ball that rolls around and you can't control.
Are the Stiga team packs compatible with this set? Product title: NHL Boston Bruins Table Top Hockey Game Players Team Pack
can you turn off the sound
Penguins are constantly falling down the stairs. It was working great. What happened?
Worked great at first but now the penguins keep falling down the stairs. I've tried new batteries.
Does anyone know where I can find a car version of this? I had a couple sets as a kid and would like to have another again.
What age is Penguin Race appropriate for??
Can I buy additional penguins?
Just what exactly is it made of? It says high-quality wood. Is it a laminate? Is it particleboard? Is it MDF?
Hello in the package are included the furniture ? Thank you
what size dolls fit in it
I have seen so many different dimensions given for this dollhouse. Is it 26.5" wide, 28 inches high, and 18" deep?
Would it be possible to make another room by cutting a hole in the right back side of the roof?
would this work for calico critters?
What is the height of the room from ceiling to floor? Thanks!
how many rooms does this house have?
I'm new to dollhouses. I want to use it as a training tool for home inspectors. Are any of the parts modular or removable, The back is wide open?
Is this painted?
What is the color of the furniture?
Does this fit furniture for Sylvanian Famili&#x435;s? Their height 8 cm.
Why is the recommended age 6YO? Are they not sturdy (enough for a 3YO?)
Do u put it together yourself
Would this furniture be the right size for the Fisher Price Loving Family figures?
does it fit a 18 inch doll
would this fit barbie dolls
what size doll is this for?
Will this furniture work for fisher price loving family doll house?
where do i obtain the accessories pictured under the room pieces of furniture?
Will someone please tell me the height of the counter? How does it compare to the M&amp;D deluxe kitchen? Need one for a TALL kiddo!
Is this wood or is it actually MDF?
does the microwave have real buttons or is it just painted on?
what is the height of the counter?
Does it come with a wall mount setup kit, to reduce it from being knocked over?
How would you say one could clean this? Eg: if crayon/marker was used on the white surfaces.
Size ?
Does it have running water option?
Is the fridge front magnetic?
Counter height? My son is five and about 42'' tall. Wondering if this kitchen would be good for his size?
Would this snake un-curl enough to put around my neck? I'm doing a snake charmer costume.
is it a real snake
Is this snake hard plastic, or soft like rubber?
Is this snake flexible/poseable?
could this be left outside in the weather? We need a squirrel and chipmunk deterrent.....
How long is it? Does it float in water?
Is this snake made out of a material that is easy to cut? I would like to hollow out about 1 1/2 inch to hide a geo cache log.
Will this work for a Barbie?
What is the actual size of this furniture? I need a wooden kitchen set for a cake
Why is the recommended age 6YO? Are they not sturdy (enough for a 3YO?)
could this set work with figmas that are 1/12 scale, they dont make much furniture for them
I have the 1.44 scale from you , it has furniture but would like to put different in it do you carry the furniture for this size dollhouse
the size
what are the measurements of the appliances?
What is the shipping cost for just this set?
Are the stove, countertop, sink, and fridge all connected? Or can they be displayed separately?
size: Does this work for Barbie Dolls?
dos it com with a copun for he praying mantis
Can you tell me the dimensions of the habitat? Is this larger than the Port a Bug? Thank you!
If I order now would you send them @ end of April? So they dont hatch too early! Wife don't want em in the house eyeballing her.
how many praying mantises are in here
why doent canenda get to order the egg case
Does it come with mantis eggs? Do we have to buy it from another store?
Does it come with mantis eggs? Do we have to buy it from another store?
Where do you keep this with the egg(s) in it? In the Sun? In the garage? In the house where the air conditioning is on?
dos it com with a copun
does it cost extra to get the egg cases or is it included in the original price of the kit?
Are the doors and drawers functional? Do they open?
does it work for american girl dols
Why is the recommended age 6YO? Are they not sturdy (enough for a 3YO?)
If I were to use it with Figma or S.H Figuarts figurines, would it be in the correct scale? I believe they're in a 1/12th scale
Do u put it together Your self ?
Does this furnitures fits to barbies dolls?
will this fit 18' dolls?
how many inches in length is the bed?
Does the bed come with the bedspread and pillow?
barbie
is this good for playing if you like warriors? i want to play with them!!!!
Would all of these cats fit into plastic Easter eggs?
How big are these? My granddaughter wants little cats "smaller than Barbie cats."
Would all of these cats fit into plastic Easter eggs?
is this made of soft or hard rubber?
Is this furniture a good size for the Calico Critters animals?
What is the length and width of the crib?
Why is the recommended age 6YO? Are they not sturdy (enough for a 3YO?)
Could this be painted? Has anyone tried applying a mod podge coat to the set to protect it a little more?
Will this fit into a green leaf magnolia doll house?
I understand this is 1:12 scale dollhouse furniture. Was hoping someone could tell me appproximately how big each piece is.
Tell me the actual size - ht. in inches i Of the bathroom pieces and the kitchen pieces.
how long is the couch
Why is the recommended age 6YO? Are they not sturdy (enough for a 3YO?)
is the furniture all wood? so you have to paint it and decorate it yourself?
I am looking at this for my daughter's doll house which will probably house barbie sized dolls. Will this bathroom work?
Can the strips of 8 be removed from the box separately? For example, so three different kids can each have her own palette?
Could these be used to paint wood peg people or wooden craft eggs/
Just how washable are they? Will they stain clothing?
This is probably a stupid question but how do you use these? Do you get a separate little cup of water for your brush?
I need a watercolor set for class, and does this have a top, like it could be covered from top?
Are these paints non toxic?
What are the ingredients?
is it a decent weight? meaning if my baby wobbles and loses his balance he can use it to regain it?
Will this work well on wood floors? Will it damage wood floors?
what type of paint is used
I see that this is for children one year. Is it possbile to use for a younger baby as long as they can stand on their own?
Is it easy to turn the toy (ie: steer) or is it strictly forward and backward and you have to lift it to turn right or left?
Does handle collapse to store it when not in use?
Do the wheels have resistence when the walker is being pushed? or does is just roll easily as your child pushes it forward?
How does this work on carpeted floors? Will it still "roll"?
Are there any particle board pieces? Also, are there only the two side pieces that are made of plywood? Wondering how much is solid wood vs other.
Is it possible to adjust the tension on the wheels, i.e., make the wheels slower or faster?
Does it fit reborns in it
What are the seat's dimensions? What size doll(s) does this seat best accomodate?
How big is it
What are the seat's dimensions? What size doll(s) does this seat best accomodate?
is the seat 11.7 wide or 13 inches wide? Need to know if will fit between 2 car seats in small car
Does the carrier come away from the base?
Does the car seat attach to the stroller?
can a 16" doll fit in it?
I'd like to know the height, please. Very important. Thank you.
How are the eyes attached?
Does this have a rattle in it like some of the other Ty stuffed animals?
what color was it? The picture is of a normal giraffe but the color says "white/pink"
is it soft
Country of Origin?
is he soft and fluffy
How big is this?
how quickly will I receive? I live in Hillsborough, North Carolina
How quickly will I receive? I live in Hammonton,NJ
how big are the pieces
Ravensburger jig saw puzzle
what size is it?
Is there any yellow aliens left? I've been searching everywhere:)
So it's not the whole box as pictured is only one little egg
Are these the large aliens? Or do the just come small or large at random?
how many individual eggs come in box
how many are in the box?
How meany do you get
How does the head stay up right?
Why are there holes on the belly?
would this be effective as a squirrel and chipmunk deterrent? Will it hold up to weather outside?
How big is the actual head of this snake? I need it to build stage a prop and i need to make sure it is large enough. Thanks
Please clarify the size of this snake. Product description says over 36 inches long, but the product specs say 9 X 4.5 X 3. Thanks!
what are the sizes of the paints in this set?
What colors are included? It's hard to tell from the picture if it includes black.
Is this water painting(watercolour) or greasepain(oil painting)?
how long is the make up good for , whats the expiration date , if I go ahead and order
Are these lead free?
Do you use water with this kit.
where is my stuff
how many are in a bag?
Is a Mako shark one of the 6 in this bag? My 4yr old son specifically requested Mako shark.
How big is the great white in this set?
Are these sharks bendable/soft plastic or hard plastic? Thanks.
Do they float in water??
Do these float? And how long are they?
newbie question....lots of different editions...which should i choose to get a good start..and which additions if any?
Is this the 4 player game plus the extension?
Are the sea pieces individual hexagons (18 pcs) or 6 border/sea pieces? All other sites say 4th ed isn't individual hexagons.
I purchased this product and the main game (not the expans.) came without roads.Is there anything I can do? I don't see a way to contact the seller.
Does the frustration free packaging still include the original boxes? Or are the pieces shipped loosely?
Does the add-on included have cities and Knights? or seafarers? or is it just a revised adon for the normal Game?
Which edition should I buy if I want to place the #'s on myself?
Does this edition have a fixed board or individual hexes?
Does this version have the original pieces or the snap around edges with the more cartoon-ish looking pieces?
what ages apply to this game, I couldn't see it on the box
How big are these bugs?
odd question but does this set contain a mosquito?
Are these insect toys hard plastic or are they soft and spongy like Rubber Ducks? In other words, am I able to poke a tooth pick through these?
Can someone name all the insects in this ?
What are these made of? Are they lead and PVC-free?
is this $9.99 for one blaster or is it a bulk order?
Do you think that these can be used with something like chocolate syrup or cheese dip instead of water?
Has anyone tried putting anything into this besides water? We are creating events to raise money for charity and one suggestion was a food fight using
Do these work ok with salt water?
how do i open?
I the price for 1 item or 1 pack of 12?
Is the price for 12 pieces or just one piece?
Will hangers fit well in Our Generation Wooden Wardrobe with Ribbons? Thanks.
Will the hangers fit inside the kidkraft armiore
What are the dimensions of these hangers? The three that came with the Badger Basket armoire are pink wood 5 in. long and 4 in. high.
Do these say"american girl" on them as in the picture?
Just opened the fishing pole and it does not reel in - is it suppose to?
Is the line long enough to use in a pool?
Will it work if it gets wet?
looking at the electronic fishing pole. Does it cast?
I lost the charger of this train. Does anyone know where I could purchase another charger? Thanks
What's the actual area that the track takes up? Diameter of the track?
My grandson is 20 months but is a big guy, weighing about 43 lbs. He's a huge train lover, but I'm concerned about the weight limit. Problem?
my train has started going in reverse/ backwards...anyone else had this happen!?
can you use the round track with the figure 8 track to make a larger track?
how long does it take to charge battery for this train?
Where is the on and off switch on this train
Does this train moves, while not on the track?
does this train come with the caboose?
Where can I find a replacement battery? The only one I have found has the terminals exposed and I don't think it will fit in the compartment.
what size?
I have a teknek horse. It quit talking. Where are the batteries?
What is the size of the space the horse takes up in length and width after it is put together?
how to instool
Are the springs stiff or springy? We had one from the 60s where you could bounce across the room.
I wasn't clear on if it rocks back and forth and bounces up and down. The other features sound really fun for kids.
Do you have this plush horse in pink
I am returning Tek Nek Lightning Spring Horse since description said it talks and sings and it does not. Please confirm that this Rockin Rider will.
what size batteries
do you have it in pink
How many bags of filler for leather ottoman?
can this item be colored upon request? pink or blue?
Are they stiff or soft?
How big are the beads? I am looking for beads that a pea sized or smaller.
Will these beads float? And are they firm? I need these for a science project.
What are the dimensions of this item?
It says Made in USA or Imported... which one is it?
On the video, it shows some patterns used to build the things flat and pull them together in 3-D, is it included?
Does this set come in a retail box like shown in the picture? Reviewers said the 34-piece set also sold by Amazon does not. Thanks!
I have boys and would like the blue &amp; green ones. Is there any way I can request the blue and green ones when ordering?
Does anyone know if these will work together with MagnaTiles?
Do these work with Magna-Tiles?
I have boys and would like the blue &amp; green ones. Is there a way I can request that when ordering?
how much does the set weigh? am taking it abroad for my niece
I am want to buy a set for each of my boys but want them in different colors. How do you know when you order them, you aren't getting two of the same?
what is the age group?
Will it work on Windows 8?
Is this on a disk that can be used in a laptop, windows 7
is it multiplayer?
i have windows explorer 8 and 9, will it work on those?
Can you play this on home network?
Can this be loaded to computer ( Windows 7) and played without being connected to the internet
Will this work with Windows 8?
is it compatible with windows 7
Will it work in Windows 8.1?
is this like the scrabble complete that i have for windows 7
Does the 5 letter name train come with the engine and caboose or do those need to be purchased separately?
Cant figure out where to tell you the 5 letter name I want is JARED
can you pick the colors of the letters? when do you give the information?
Will this train work on the Bigjigs rail set?
I would like the 5 letters in pastel but I don't see a listing from your store can I request pastel when I order
What is the anticipated, standard delivery time?
Where can indicate the name?
Can you confirm how to provide the name since amazon seems to have disabled the gift option to insert the message?
How do I personalize this train with the name I want ? it says gift options is not available.
Is the 5 letter name train available in a clear finish, rather than color?
Does this set include engine and caboose?
Where do I put the name to go with the train. I cannot see any box to do so.
Hello, Is it possible to choose the color of each letter? What are all the colors possible? Thanks a lot
Is this product made by Maple Landmark (Made in USA)?
Is it possible to get all the pieces without color, meaning just the color of the wood?
Will these trains fit on popular wooden train track brands such as Thomas, Melissa and Doug, etc?
I dont see a place at checkout to put the name I want, there is not gift box shown
do the letters come with the caboose and other train or are those sold seprateley? Can you order a 3 letter name trian?
The site is not allowing me to write a gift message since this item is not eligible for gift packaging. How can I give you the name I want?
Are the engine and caboose included in the $25.60 price?
Can these be ordered in the pastel colors?
Do they fit on Brio tracks?
Will this train fit on Thomas tracks?
After I cliecked purchased it said the train only spelled LIAM - Is this true of can I customize?
Hi there, is it possible to get the letters in different colours than those shown in the photo? I would like grey, white and yellow if possible?
I already have a train and caboose. Can I order 4 letter kit and to spell out STELLA?
there is no box for a gift option, so how do i indicate which letters i would like?
i just want confirm its a total of 6 pieces. engine four letter and end car?
I am attempting to order one for my son but the checkout is not allowing any "gift options" to put his name in. How do I do that?
Does the train work on most wooden tracks not sold by you? is it compatible with them?
Does this set come with the engine and caboose?
there is no place to add my childs names any fixes for this?
is this compatible with wooden train sets such as Thomas and Brio?
Is this train made from solid maple wood or from maple wood sawdust glued together and shaped.
States "gift message not available" when I go to check out. How do I specify the name desired?
does this come with the engine and caboose
How many liquid ounces does a cup hold?
Are the cups big enough to serve tea in...to a 6 year old?
Does this product contain lead?
does tea set include the box?
made of ceramic?
What country was the tea set produced?
What makes it work? Is there a button to push or what?
how big is he?
i have just bouth this and there was an option to ship to uk, it also charged me &pound;6 for it. will i receive my order?
What size batteries does this take?
Can you ship to UK please ? If so, please advise carriage charge. I would like two chi chi chihuahuas. Thank you.
how do you choose a color when you order the pig?
How do I order 2 orange, 2 green, 2 blue
Is this the 7 or 10 inch pig?
Is this the 7 or 10 inch pig?
Are these the full size Mr. bacon's or are they the bacon jr's(bacon bites)
Is this the original size MR. Bacon or the smaller Bacon Bitz version?
Hello, Do you have a Bacon Bitz in black? It is the slightly smaller version of the one advertised I see in some of the reviews customers say they got one by mistake and that is exactly the one my daughter wants
How do I email to say what colors I want? I placed the order but don't see how I can email seller.
I would like to know if I can order 2 orange, 2 green, 2 blue pigs in one order.
My six year old niece wants an RC car. Is this easy to drive for kids?
How would this appeal to a 12-year-old who wants an R/C vehicle?
can you raise the hood?
Why can't the customer choose the color of this item? I, for one, will not order anything online unless I know what I'm getting.
What are the actual dimensions of the car? Your description says 15" in length-- but the customer reviews say it is "small."
Since we don't get to choose the color, what are the color options?
How fast does this car go from a scale from 1-10 or a speed
Can somebody please tell me what type of material the body is? Thanks in advance
How fast does it go?
can you add the video for this car?
How wide are these?
What gauge are these please?
Would this be something I could use to make bracelets for my Etsy shop? I am just starting out and have no idea what I need!!
I'm looking for blanks to make cuffs wrapped with strips of African chitenze cloth. Would these work for that and hold shape? Thanks!
Is this aluminum ready to wear after stamping and bending? Does it need a tarnish or anything? Thanks. Yanna
are these 1100 pure aluminum?
Hi, it says it's 6in long but what is the height of it in mm? Is it close to 5mm? Because my stamping letters are 4mm so I wanted to check.
Do you have these in an 18 gauge?
Do you have a smaller package of these? I only need a small amount!
What gauge are these?
Cricket and colorblind - I am red/green colorblind - what color are the LEDs, are they easy to see would I be able to play if I can't distinguish?
How does this dartboard mount to the wall and how sturdy is it?
What is the recommended weight dart to use with this board ?
What is the dimension from the center of the bullseye to the bottom of the unit (I have a wall switch this needs to be mounted above)?
What are the actual dimensions of the unit? It seems like the dimensions listed are the dimensions of the box it was shipped in.
Can anyone give me the specs for the AC Adapter? Lost mine in my last move. Can't seem to find any info on the manufacturer's website. TY in Adv.
Does It Calculate scores? Does it determine the winner?
Is this model AC only or is there a battery option ?
What is a soft tip dart? Is it a safe dart that won't cause injury
Opinion: 750 or 800? 800 = x's and o's (like), but have to turn off heckler every time (don't have to on 750) ... thoughts?
I am looking for a dartboard to travel with us in an RV. An electronic board seems like a good idea. How hard is it to take up and down?
Can you see the scores of players 5-8???
I do not see heckler option listed , Is it included ?
is it battery operated ? if not how long is the electric cable with plug?
Can I find a cabinet to put the Arachnid electronic dartboard in, if it doesn't already come with one?
What is the size of the darts? Needing to replace a few and cannot figure out what size came with this dartboard?
Does it have PPR and MPR?
can this board play 301?
how do you stop the board from saying "bingo"?
Can this dart board be operated on batteries?
will this fit the traxxas telluride
I have a 4x4 tamiya black foot,and i want change the motors,the atomic fireball is good choice? I want more power.
Will this fit my tamiya Lunchbox?
What is the rpm for this motor?
compatible? HPI Racing RTR Mini-Trophy Desert Truck with DT-1 Truck Body
is motor waterproof?
can you put this in the Mad Gear Racing Desert Wolf Baja 1/10 2WD RTR RC Buggy
Is this motor waterproof?
how fast does it go
Can I run two of these in my Traxxas emax
Is it brushed or brushless?
will it fit on redcat volcano epx
Can i use this motor in my 1/10 scale exceed rc infinitive?
how fast is it?
how fast does that moter go ?
What voltage battery is needed to run this motor? Will a 9V battery work?
how many runways are in the package?
what are the dimensions of the straight landing strip
how many tracks are included?
Are these cards the exact size of the the ones in the original Settlers of Catan game, i.e. 54mm x 80mm?
Are these for 4 players or 6 players (I have the extension)?
Are these for 4 players or 6 players (I have the extension)?
how do you read it like this
will it come with some sort of sleeve to protect the card? A CARD PROTECTOR?
Is this an actual card? Does it have good stats?
does is have the jewels on the back like the original?
How do you attack when I can't read ancient language?
What are its attacks
So I wanted to get this for my brother and his birthday is next week, how fast is shipping? Thanks
Is this a REAL ancient new
Do they all come in the thick plastic case like the one in the one customer's video?
real or fake?
$30 less than Ethnic Baby Alive Dolls: I want to buy a Baby Alive doll for my daughter, who happens to be mixed (caucasian and african-american), why is it that the Hispanic Baby Alive doll (which is the only one that looks like her), is $30 more than...
I'm disgusted that you are charging $99. How is this possible?
cost of baby alive: What's the deal with the $99 price tag???
It poops? Exactly what can I expect?
Can Baby Born food be substituted for the Baby Alive food ? Does anyone know if the Baby Born food can be substituted for the Baby Alive food packets.?
possible to simplify? I'm confused - can the doll still be played with w/o all the accessories?
What is the length of the driver in this set?
my child is 48" tall. what are the golf club lengths? Are the clubs heavy or light? thanks in advance
Is this a left handed set?
What is the weight of this product?
What is the length of the driver in this set?
my child is 48" tall. what are the golf club lengths? Are the clubs heavy or light? thanks in advance
Is this a left handed set?
What is the weight of this product?
Can they be sent overseas? New Zealand?
does it come with the bag?
I need two sets (different colors) they are twins.....any suggestions ? They are 6yr old
May I know what is the packaging size and weight for this golf set? Thanks.
i have set of master imperial golf clubs (walker) i need to know who makes them?
What approximate height should kids be to use these clubs?
Will this work for girls too or is this a boys set. Not sure if there is any difference?
Do you have to mix the paints?
Do you have to blend any colors?
Does this kit require you to blend your own colors?
Any updates on the construction? Has it gathered air bubbles like the cheaper models?
What are the measurements??
is one of the colors of sand actually purple, as shown in the picture? It does not mention that, only "charcoal," but in the photo it looks so-is it?
what are the dementions ?
does it come with colored chalk and eraser?
What are the dimensions of the case?
Can you get rid of the letters on the chalkboard?
Is this magnetic?
Is this board magnetic?
what are dimensions of the board
Hi do you ship to Canada?
"The perfect gift for boys"? Are girls allowed to play with these toys as well?
What four trucks come with the set?
Are these the size that will work with the Monster Jam track/stunt sets?
what is the age recommended?
Batteries included
Does the package include 4 trucks, as shown in the image?
how long is the chain ?
What is the length of the chain?
swings &amp; chain are sticky from the sun what can I clean them with .
Could this swing somehow be attached to a large tree limb?
Where is the chain that goes through the underside of the swing seat?
i need 10 do you have it ?
Can you hang this from a tree?
can you get replacement parts for these swings? I have the blue part but need the end pieces
What's the diameter of the wheel?
this can turn 360 degree?
Could i install this directly into drywall? I want to put a few wheels onto the wall of my son's bedroom
how much does it weigh
My 2 year old likes driving.. Can this be installed in the car and pretend like they are driving? thanks
what material issued in making this steering wheel?
What is the diameter. One reader said 12.5 another 10&gt;
size?
did it take long to make it?
How big is it?
What is the dimensions of the figure?
What is it made out of? Trying to figure out if it is some sort of plastic or rubber, or something a bit heavier?
Is it the same size as he original ones? About 1in by 1 1/2 inches?
Is it the size of the original ones, about 1 inch by 1 1/2 inches?
What is the size of this and are batteries included?
Would you purchase this product again? If not why...
does it come with the trains and is there a train horn
what is the difference between double 12 with double 18
What is the thickness of these tiles? Too thin (less than 3/8") falls over.
What happens when you are down to 1 tile &amp; you forget to say domino or knock your domino tile?
What are the dimension of the tiles?
Does Amazon sell the tile holders that work for this set?
what color are the tiles? we want cream.
how much power does it have?
is it legendary? (:
How many cards do you get?
What does globe say
is this globe appropriate for a 5 and 8 year old
Is this globe really worth 107 dollars?
What is the Globe made out of? Is this a sturdy product and can it be repaired if broken?
what size batteries and how many does it take?
I would like to purchase an AC adapter to save on batteries. Any recommendations?
What is the size or diameter of this globe?
I have a concrete backyard patio... is it soft enough for my 10 month old to sit in if it's on concrete?
How much does this pool weigh? Thinking of taking it on an airplane.
I want to get my almost 1 yr old this for a bday present as a ball pit she is big for her age, 24lbs and very tall. Would this be a good ball pit?
how to blow pool
Does it have a drain plug?
can i use this indoor {with water}?
I was considering get this or the bigger size for a ball pit...anyone use it for this? Looks sorta small
Is this pool durable enough to be used at the beach on the sand?
How many toddler will fit in there
Can a parent sit in it with their baby or will it rip? Im about 190 lbs.
I want to know how big this dairy is?
size
how big is it
is it tiny
how many pages
are the lock and keys easy to open
is it big
is it big
is this for older kids
Is there more than one key included?
Is the dog already named as a TY dog or can the owner name it themselves? Thanks.
How many inches long is it?
would it be suitable for my dog
dimensions
how big is it?
Are there 104 or 52 letters total? 52 + 52 total letters or 26 + 26 letters (uppercase + lowercase)
Is the back still all magnet and not small pieces? I'm just afraid of the magnet coming off and being a choking hazard.
Im confused, some reviewers say the letters are painted, others say they are covered in paper. Which is it?
What are the height of the letters? both caps and lower case
what about lead content?
M&amp;D's issues with lead were related to their paint. Can someone who has purchased recently confirm that these letters are paper, and not painted?
How many letters are in the box?
do these letter still contain lead?
Do the magnets contain lead?
Are these strong enough to hold up paper on the fridge?
are there any building ideas or instructions ?
Are the WEBZ and SKROOZ compatible? Can they be mixed together in the same project?
What colors do you rods come in?
how many rods and how many balls in this 168 piece set?
Is there something like this that's age appropriate for a 13 yr old?
How many bars are in each set?
Can you rebuild the dinosaur over and over?
Approximately how many bone pieces are there to put together in the average dino kit for this brand? Does Geo-? brand have less pieces if rated age 6?
What are the approximate dimensions of the assembled dinosaur?
What is the age appropriate for this product?
are the bones in the kit real?
How many plates can I make from one kit?
Can you have a photo and drawings on the same plate?
Are the plates microwavable?
can you do the same design?
If I want to order 6 plates for each of my grandkids, how many kits should I order?
Can I make more than one plate from one design, like for example, all the grandparents get a plate with the same exact drawing from one circle paper?
Can you use paint to make the picture or does it have to be marker?
What type of plastic are the plates made of?
How long does it take from when you mail the template to when you receive the plate? want to make one for my child's birthday party so she can use it.
If i purchase one kit as a gift, is there a way that I can also purchase additional plates as part of the same gift, so they can make multiple plates?
I'm looking to have my nephew be "ring security" at my upcoming wedding, and I was wondering if this would be perfect for this use? I
can I get a yellow one please?
can it be personalized
I need a black one. What Is the guarantee that mine will be black?
I purchase this for a 5 year old kit it is very difficult to turn the knob I don't know if this is a defect or if they are all like that?
I'm looking to have my nephew be "ring security" at my upcoming wedding, and I was wondering if this would be perfect for this use? I
does the safe have a combination already in it?
Can I request a black safe?
What colors does it come in? I need a boy color!
I am trying to figure out how small these are? Can anyone give me an approximate measurement? I am looking for small ones for a SMALL sand box
I am trying to figure out how small these are? Can anyone give me an approximate measurement? I am looking for small ones for a SMALL sand box
Did anyone that recently bought these, get a set like pictured in the 2nd customer pictures with castle building pieces?
Are these toys smaller than normal size? I'm looking for toys that would fit well in a sensory table.
This toy played a song all by itself. If it's not meant to.. how did it? Is my toy haunted? weird...
Is there a certain key I an push or a combination of keys that makes this toy piano play a song on its own?
My 6 year old nice wants to learn how to play the piano is this piano good start to learn on. Also can you play a song on the key board.
what do the sides of keys look like? are they solid? trying to create a puzzle and want to put hints on the sides of the keys
Can I buy music for this mini piano?
Is there a headphone jack?
When my 14 month old stands on this piano it plays, "If you're happy and you know it" by itself. Is it suppose to do that?
Is middle C on this thing actually middle C?
Does this turn its self off when not used?
What is its size? Below someone said 18" but I don't see that mentioned on the product information. Thx.
Do you have this one in white color?
what is the cirrcumfrance of its neck? I.E. what size collar fits around its neck?
Got one in 2012. It can stand, this one can't stand or sit. Are they all the same?
Do you ship international? Like Hong Kong?
Does this dog toy stand up, or is it floppy?
is this 18" bulldog suitable to use as a mannequin?
does it have a rudder aerilons and elevators ?
servo motore and remote controle are include in this kit ?
is this battrey powered
You can buy just the plane, I have to buy something to conditional to serve?
this is a wooden kit?
wHAT ARE THE DIMENSIONS OF THE KIT?
Does this R/C airplan reqair parts
is it ready to fly?
does it fly, is it an rc helli
this is a wooden kit?
Would she fit in newborn cloths?
can she bathe
Does she come with anything
can she take a real pacifier and a bottle.
Is she silicone or van vinyl ?
what size clothes does she wear,and is she full silicone?
When you get this baby is she a reborn or new bow because I like newborns
can she fit into premie diapers
what color is her hair
How much does she weigh?
Can this be folded up easily for storage
Do you think it would be appropriate for adults as a party game?
how big is t?
Is there a volume control?
how thick is it, and i need to use for indoor playground,
Do the keys light up as you play them?
Do all 24 keys (black and white) function? Also, can you play more than one key simultaneously. Or only one at a time?
About how much pressure need be applied to the keys in terms of weight? I have a small (6 oz.) parrot who loves to listen to music . If her talons can apply enough pressure to the keyboard she could "plunk (NOT pluck!...[LOL]) out" some of her own tunes!
What pre-recorded songs does it play? Thank you
Do the keys light up as they're played?
Are there strap buttons?
I am having trouble attaching the strap to the guitar. Can someone please tell me how to do it? Thanks!
can you put a strap on this guitar
Does this have a resin/plastic back rather than wood?
How long is this guitar from top to bottom? Also, how long from nut to bridge saddle? Thx.
can kids ride on it
is it appropriate for 2 year olds ?
Is this a remote control motorcycle?
is this a toy to actually sit on and ride?
would a 1 year old like this? thinking it would be an awsome birthday gift
would a 1 year old like this? thinking it would be an awsome birthday gift
do kids ride it or play with it?
Is this an rc?
is this a ride on toy
Are the wheels supposed to roll? I've read that some squeak, and that they don't swivel, but do they roll?
How much assembly is required? Thank you.
is this plastic
do the wheels swivel?
what are the dimensions?
Doe it come with the doll???
Does it collapse and store easily?
are the jacks metal or plastic?
Melissa &amp; Doug: Have you improved the balls yet...or are they still the bad quality ones that do not bounce and have seams in them? Thanks! (April 2014)
Where are these made?
are these the small jacks or the large ones they are making now? How dumb to make them this large
Did they ever change the rubber balls in this set? So many customers complained about their quality.
are the pickup sticks made of wood?
How many sticks are there &amp; are their directions for playing
Are they made in the U.S.A.?
Can you tell me the diameter of the sticks?
One of the reviews said these did not have pointed ends. From the photo they look to be pointed - are they not?? How hard could it be to make 10" long rounded colored toothpicks, which is basically what the old fashioned pickup sticks were in the 50s?
I want to know how long they are
does it have sound?
Any chance the collector reel has old images from back-in-the-day? Circa 1960's?
Where is this made?
When laid on a flat surface, can a six sided wheel be made? How about a five sided wheel? I plan to teach some math w/ these
Hi, I just ordered the 108 PC for my daughter. Is it possible to get it in pink and purple?
what age its better?
Are the balls magnetic to each other?
What is the manufacture date? I am wondering if these were made after the recall.
I want to order the one with the deformed box, can you have it to me by xmas eve?
How heavy is the box?
I bought two boxes Magic Magnet sticks red and blue. But my son likes green rose light blue. How can I choose color on line?
Are these similar enough in size/shape to be compatible with the Magnetix brand?
Hello, Do you have a set in the red &amp; blue colors? Thanks, Lynne
What is different from normal monopaly
Assessments on skyscrapers: Do skyscrapers get assessed for street repairs?
how big is the board (like inches)?
Recent buyers: Are the first two properties brown or purple? And are the chance/chest cards the same size as the title deeds?
Does the board fold in 2 halves or 4 quarters?
What are the rule changes
The best board game: Does anyone else think that this is the best board game ever?
Assessments on skyscrapers: Do skyscrapers get assessed for street repairs?
anybody play the game yet? I have and it needed a few rule changes.
after charging batteries over night the power light comes on but no power to the motors help
Mine works well so far, but didn't come with instructions. How long do the batteries take to charge? Thanks!
Can you put say. a schleich horse on the top of the boat? thank you
Where was this product made?
what type and where to purchase replacement battery pack
Does it shoot?
is it 40 mhz?
What is the range? How far away can you be and have it still communicate with the remote?
Does it shoot?
What age of child is this good for? and Does it come with the 6 volt battery and charger?
What paint do I need?
Does anyone know the diameter of the propellers?
How long of a wing span does it have and how long is the plane from the front to the back
can I use regular paint
Is it diecast?
does it come with paint? or is it already painted?
In Box .
How big is the wing span across at 1:48 ?
about what is the size of this model?
Are the wings movable once assembled or do I have to pick 'up' or 'down' position and glue them in place?
does it require glue
Does this come with glue and paint?
Does this come with paint and glue needed? Buying as a gift so want to make sure they have all they will need??
Does it come in a seal box? Can it really be transfrom any one of the three model?
The pictures shpw 5 project books, a Student Guide and a Teacher's Guide. Are these actually included?
What do I get with this that I wouldn't get just buying Snap Circuits Extreme SC-750 and the Student Guide for the SC-750? That is less expensive...
Has any or even one got broken very easily or have been super strong and haven't gotten broken very easily???????
Does this SC-750 kit include the projects from the SC-300 kit?
Is the software still Windows only? I only have access to Macs.
Does this item contain a complete set of Snap Circuit's electronic components? If not, what is it missing? What should I buy in addition?
We recently ordered this kit. Within 2 days, the student manual binding has come apart. Can you please send us a replacement student manual?
Does the included case have any extra room? We have a basic kit and I'm wondering if we could store some of the other kit's pieces with this one.
Is shipping free to the United Kingdom?
we already have Snap Curcuits Jr. Should I buy this product (Electronics Training Program), or the Snap Curcuits Extreme?
how long is the rope?
What is the maximum weight that this is supposed to hold. TIA.
Is there a hook at the top of rope
Can a 3 inch rope go through the hole in the disc?
What is the weight limit on this swing?
does it works for adults?
How are they activated and how long will they glow, once activated?
I'm thinking about giving these away for Halloween. How much assembly is required?
where did you find the connectors?
How long these will last on storage? Will they still glow nicely if I only use them 1 or 2 years later?
It says 100 pieces... does it make 100 bracelets?
How many glowsticks are there?
Do these expire? I bought a set and won't need them until next Halloween. Wondering if they will keep. They are still in the original packaging.
What is the diameter of these? I need 5mm to fit our connectors.
Can someone tell me what the diameter of the stick is? I know they're 8" long.
Does anyone know about this item? Why does it say Cd-Rom required..
CD-ROM: Why is a CD-ROM required?
Info: I need to know, is this product worth the money?
Is the outside of the case vinyl or cloth? We are hoping it is vinyl for easy cleaning...
how wide when opened
What are the dimensions of the open playing area?
age group
WHAT IS THE AGE RANGE?
Are these individually packaged?
Is the track compatible with the wooden Melissa &amp; Doug train tracks?
Does anyone else have a problem getting the battery door to shut...ours will not close with the battery springs straight and the tab in place. Thanks
Is the barge included?
We just got this as a christmas gift, and the bridge doesn't stay shut at all. There is no way to keep it closed completely. Is this normal?
Can it be used with a plastic Thomas train set
what is the body made of, metal?
are the "police" emblems stickers or painted on?
is that car good for 5 years boy
My son is in KG, 4 ft tall, is this pedal car big enough for him
How does this do going up inclines on an asphalt driveway? Looking to buy this for an unskilled 2.5 year old that is 36" tall
Is the whole body steel?
My 2 year old is 36" tall. She is not skilled with tricycles and the like. Is she too tall for this? Good alternative to a trike?
Could anyone tell me the age range for this car? Is it too small for an average 5 year old ?
What is the size of this gear??
What is the lenght of the knee guards?
What size is the helmet, ie, 61/2"-7" head size??
what is the size of helmet?
Does the mask easily break away for fielding popups?
I would like to know if this set would fit 14-16 year old girl?
Does this item have night vision?
Does this camera require batteries or is it chargeable? Can someone give me a rough estimate of it's megapixels?
what is the transmission range distance of the camera ?
does it have a monitor that comes with it?
Can I use my Mac monitor instead of a TV to view?
It is possible to record the data on my pc?
this one seem a bit tough to fly for beginners. can you suggest a easy to fly low priced rc airplane? thx
How big is it?
How much weight this airplane ready to send?
does anybody know where I can get replacement wings for it?
How big is the plane?
about how long dose it last with out braking?
it is 2ch. does that mean i can fly 2 at the same time without them interfering with one another?
How much Ghz is it
can it fly good
Is it Plastic?
How many bags in pkg.
Are the dimensions of this actually 7" x 10 1/2" as it says, or are they 7 1/4" x 10 1/2" as silver age should be?
how many bags are you getting in 2 mil?
does it come with radio, battery and charger
How fast
The boat seem to stall ater high speed turns. Is a longer antenna needed/
Is it gas?
This boat discription say its good for 300 ft. but on the paper work inside it say 40 meters witch is 131 ft. Im only getting about 50 ft. WHATS UP
What frequency does this boat operate on? I bought on like it using 27mhz, I need another boat but with different frequency so they work together.
caan I put a Lipo battery in it
what kind of batteries in the battery pack and what is the voltage?
I lost my charger to charge the battery on the ep7777... where can I buy just this part?
can it go in saltwater?
Do both round "windows" close? Thx
Can this be easily put up and down daily? Very cramped living space.
How big is the tent when it is open?
Can tunnels attach to tent?Do you sell tunnels that are made to be attached to the tent?
Can I send this item to France?
Someone mentioned the two poles that need to be stored and re-installed. Can those be left in tent and just fold the tent away when not in use?
Wha are the small parts?
How do I set up this tent? Mine did not come out of the bag and just "pop up." There were some "magic" poles that came but then weren't installed
is it really 8x11x1 inches? If not, what are dimensions? THX
How long is the recording in seconds.
i want to continously loop a sound clip. if i tape the button down, will the sound loop?
How does this recorder play back? Do you have to press it to have it play the sound?
Is the battery replaceable?
I want to attach it to the walls in our center. When pushed they need to clearly give verbal instuctions
Hey, I was looking into putting this into a stuffed animal, and then when the area in the toy is pushed, it will play back the sound that I recorded.
im concerned about how the rerecording works on this item since im planning on only using it to playback the same message on a stuffed animal.
Can it have more than one recording at the same time?
Does it loop?
I need to order ten of these. What would the shipping be all together?
Is this the princess di bear?
how many inches tall is this purple bear?
Is there a number inside the tush tag?
does it say pvc pellets on the back of tush tag? anyway to see both tags?
I loved these when I taught 10 years ago, but I see the quality declined around 2011. Can anyone speak to how they are now compared to the "old" ones?
Are they washable
Can you highlight with these?
What are the dimensions of the pens please
Are they washable?
Are these broad, chisel, or fine tips?
Which set is a good addition to the 32 set? Would the 48 piece be sufficient or the 100?
is this challenging for a 7 year old who loves lego
What type of packaging does this particular set of magna tiles come in? Is there a small booklet inside with building ideas?
Are magnatiles PVC, BPA and phthalates free?
is there a difference between dx sets and magna tiles
Will the tiles brake or crack when kids or adults step on them ? What is protecting it that it shouldn't brake?
What is DX set? is there a regular 48 piece set?
how many large tiles are in the set
Which is better for toddler boys, the large set or the smaller set with the wheels?
Are there any benefits to the clear magna tiles over the solid magna tiles?
Does this come with training gears included?
Does the remote come whit batteries
Is the remote included?
is it realy 22 inches long?
What model number is the battery for this bird? and does it come with a battery and charger?
Is Amazons description of this bird right?
Can this be flown both indoors and outdoors?
Purchasing for my 14 year old. I plan on getting extra batteries and blades. Is there anything else I should get in terms of spare parts or special tools?
Is this for indoor and outdoor use?
does it come with a battery
I ordered two of these chairs for backup since I love these loungers. So we just blew up the one I purchased in May and it went flat by morning. What can be done????
What are the base dimensions when inflated? I'm wondering if this would work in a hot tub.
Need a float chair thought enough for the river and gives good neck support
I want something with a good headrest and supportive for reading a book. Would this one fit the bill?
Can this chair be paddled with hands and arms? Thinking of taking it down a river.
What is the weight limit?
what is the exact dimensions of this chair? i have one similar but it is nowhere near 16x16x1 ? so is that the actual seat measurements?
Where can I get miniature sandcastle molds.
Is this tray hard wood? I saw it somewhere else and it was wood. Your description says plastic. Also does it come boxed?
What are the measurements of this sand box?
are the items loose and what size is the beach chair and the pale and shovel?
Did the recent purchases include the shovel? Dont want to order if there is no shovel.
Where does this ship from?
how big is it
Is the box plastic or wood? Also does it come boxed?
WHAT IS THE AGE LIMIT TO ENJOY, 8 YEAR OLD GIRL?
As far as puppet "base", is there only 1 puppet included?
Does the mouth move? Are you able to open and close it with your hand (from the inside)? Thank you.
Do they have a sticky thing on the back?
Could you push a pin thru the star to attach to a popcorn ceiling...rather than using the sticky putty?
I'm pretty sure they are but to make sure are these stars blacklight reactive. has anyone tried? How do they look?
do these have glitter on them like it looks in the picture?
How wide are the stars? It looks like there are several different sizes in one pack.
Im looking for something like this for my dorm room. Will this stick well to cement walls/ceiling?
how big are they?
I am thinking of attaching these to mosquito netting (bed canopy). Do you think they will stick to the mesh fabric?
Are the cards themselves magnetic? Will they stick to other metal surfaces like whiteboards or filing cabinets?
What is the weight of the board and cards?
ARE THEY EASY TO SHUFFLE?
where I can get a 2nd deck of kling magnetic cards to go with complete game set
What is the Board dementions?
Are there separated spaces for pieces, board, clock and other supplies? What does the inside of bag look like?
What color is the board that comes with it? Is it black or dark green?
How is the weight? Is it double weighted or triple? Is it easy to tip over a piece?
does it stay flat even with a few pieces on it?
Does the board stay flat, or does it curl from being rolled up?
How engine pulls? is it Battery operated or hand pull?
Does the Chuggington wooden trains work with this track?
is this set compatible with the thomas wooden railway sets?
What is the length of this assembled? My son is receiving it for Christmas and I wanted to buy a mat to put under it.
Wood this work with Brio sets?
Is this compatible for Orbrium trains..will they fit through the tunnel?
How high is it between the floor and the lower part of the bridge? Could Carl and his engine fit under it?
how big
Since this set is made in China, is there any lead in the paint or anywhere else on the toys?
Are the track pieces double sided?
Melissa and Doug website says it's 41 inches long. Is that accurate or am I looking at a different product? Jennifer Paul answered on March 31, 2014
Where is this made?
what is its size?
How tall is this skeleton?
Can you study the bones inside the skull?
How many inches tall is it?
where is it made in?
Did anyone have any problems with the color fainting?
If you measure around the ball how many inches does it measure?
What small parts does this ball have that make it unsuitable for children under 3? Thinking of purchasing for one year old's birthday gift if safe.
Is the ball inflated or does it require a pump? I am looking for a ball that is inflated.
Is this appropriately sized for a slightly short 19 month old?
Are the paints and marker's toxic free? I'm assuming they are but I want a solid answer. Thanks
Does it come with the easel paper? The description says it comes with the paper roll...so what does that mean?
are the paints washable?
Is this made in China?
For those owners who found their paint to be truly washable, did you have any tips/advice on how to wash it off clothes? I'm having no luck.
how many ounces of paint?
how many ounces of pan t
What is the diameter of the bottom of the paint cups? I need to know if it'll fit on our easel tray (not a M&amp;D one).
i would love to know the size of the paint cups?
If I'm using this for three homeschooled students, do I need to buy three or can they all use one kit?
Does this kit explain the science behind the experiments or does the booklet simply list the "to do's and watch what happens".
This is for a very very bright 11 year old. Is this too young for him?
Is there a light prism (to show the dispersion of light into the rainbow colours) included in this kit?
What age group is this appropriate for?
Does it come with stake line winder?
The plastic piece that connects the wings (crossbar/) was missing --- do you have something similar to replace it?
What are the dimensions of the kite unassembled? Can I carry it in my suitcase?
fabric?
Batteries?
Does it have piano size keys?
How does moisture buildup get removed from this instrument?
Does Schoenhut C1010 - 37 Key Melodica need batteries
does this one come with a mouthpiece tube so you can lay it flat while you play?
can you plug in headphones?
Is this tunable if one of the keys gets out of tune?
What is the weight limit on the ball?
Do I have to wait 24 hours before use?
i am going to purchase a ball to use in place of a chair at work. any reccomendations on which size to go with? I'm 5"3
Is this ball supposed to stretch out when inflated? I think it's fully inflated but only measures 65in circumference; GoFit says it should be 81in.
Does it come with a pump?
I received the 65cm ball as a gift. I have blown the ball up with its airpump &amp; the most circumference I'm getting is 69.5-70". No way to 80"! Help!
Some of the earlier bad reviews mention that the ball is covered in cartoons. I see the strip of exercise sketches in the photo, but am curious if this photo is accurate (e.g., whether the sketches are actually all over the ball). Thanks!
Does this product also include the pump?
I've had my go fit 65 and forget now how to pump it up. i have the pump but do i need to pull out the white plastic circle before using the pump?
can i do squats with this or is it too big
how many can play w/ the expansion version?
Does this work with the European version?
does this come with new train cards?
Can you make this all fit in the original Ticket to Ride box?
why does this set say 39 new destination cards while other sets with the same model number say 35 new destination cards?
Are there any expansions or versions that will allow you to play with six players?
why do other sets that are model number 7216 say that there are 35 new destination and your ad says 39?
Does the 1910 Expansion work with the TTR card game? What about the 1912 European expansion? Does it also work with the TTR card game?
How many can play
When you buy the expansion pack do you mix the route cards with the original box routes? And do you just use the expansion train cards ? Or oth sets?
replacement fish? Any ideas?
replacement light bulbs: Does anyone know how I can get replacement bulbs for the hood?
How big is the aquarium?
Wait, so if it's a fake artificial fish tank, does that mean - based on the grammar of double negative - the tank has real fish? :)))
Where to buy this tank
Banzai Waterslides: How do you keep the water in the pool during the summer from getting green from algae?
Recommended Deck Box to Store? I want to keep this in a deck box, would a 100 gallon deck box suffice?
Can you tell me how much AMPs is the blower fan on that model ?
how deep is the pool part
Is thisa normal? Is this a normal problem?
How to keep it clean: Who do you clean off all the mold?
What does "reverse image" mean?
are these plastic cards or paper cards
Can you send this deck to M&eacute;xico?
Are the diamonds And hearts rede? Or all the cards are white?
are the cards made out of plastic? if not, does it feel similar to?
I ordered two of these and am looking to buy a case to store them in my pocket so i need the parameters of an individual black tiger deck box?
Hello~ Is this stuff same the picture? The model number is 737200(green), correct? If I want ship to South Korea, You can ship to korea?
I was told by Step 2 that this model number kitchen has beeping sounds in the phone, microwave, and stove. Is this correct?
Hello~ Is this stuff same the picture? The model number is 737200(green), correct? plz Answer it. Thank you.
Hello~ Is this stuff same the picture? The model number is 737200(green), correct? plz Answer it. Thank you.
How do I buy just a remote replacement? It is missing.
Hello~ Is this stuff same the picture? The model number is 737200, correct? plz Answer it. Thank you.
decals vs. buttons on the stove and microwave: So, does Amazon sell a different version where the stove and microwave have buttons?
is there a weight limit?
I need to know how much weight this holds before I buy it
Are the arms on this lounger one whole unit or is there a space between them in the back of the recliner?
The first ones we got were fabulous, the ones this season cheap, arms not attached, broken in 6 months. Please advise if these are the same?
unflated will this fit in a suitcase?
How would this hold up on a float down a (calm and lazy) river?
Does it need a separate air pump?
How do you inflate it? Does it come with a pump?
Can it be used on the ground too, as a regular lounge chair? If yes, what's the weight capacity? Thanks
how much weight will this float hold. I'm a fattie and I will be using this on the river in Fl. for a long time, I hope.??
is there a pump for rinflating the pool included in the package?
Have you used it as a ball pit? If so, how many balls did you need?
How many children could play inside the pool at the same time?
does this pool have a drain plug in it
Does this hold up in the hot climates like Phoenix if you leave it inflated out in your yard? Or will sun and heat kill it over time?
Does the hose have to be used after filled? I don't need it to continually spray the kids, I just need it to hold the water.
Does this need a pump constantly attached like bouncy castles or do we blow up and detach? I see a hose or wire in the photo. Thanks
One review stated no drain for the pool, but seen somone asked that question and replied it has one in each pool, my grandson's second birthday coming
Where is the air valve for the big pool and little pool
is it big or small i want to get it for my 3year old but his very tall for his age I'm 5'0 and his half my size.
do they have numbers and racers names on them?
length of car
What is the typical width of each individual car?
Are these heavier metal cars (like hotwheels) or lightweight plastic?
is 1/64 scale as big as a matchbox car
is 1/64 scale as big as a matchbox car
Are the cars individually wrapped?
is there any lead in this product.... paint, medals ?
Is this 6 feet tall?
Is this a remote control dinosaur or just a toy??
do you have green one left?
How can I guarantee I receive the brown colored T-Rex, instead of the green?
I just purchased this toy. If I gave you my information, could I get a guarantee that I can get it in brown?
Is the brown still the only one avaliable?
How big is it, i watched a video about it and it looked big???
Is it hollow?
How can I ask for specific color?
Does the jaw move up and down,cause it looks like it does?!
how do you let the seller know what you want
Logo: Is this possible?
Are you able to print the name and logo in gold or silver foil?
I placed the order for napkins and need to input color, design and writing. Do I get an email to respond to?
I placed the order for napkins and need to input color, design and writing. Do I get an email to respond to?
does it take real money
Does it come with candy In it
How heavy of items will this pick up....my son wants this to pick up his tiny aliens from Toy Story but wondering if they will be too heavy.
does it work with m &amp; m's
Is there any way to turn the annoying music off
May I use an AC/DC adapter for this model?
can it take really money and hold it
Would a 10 year old be okay with this? or is it more for smaller kids?
How do I get the plastic off the claw when I unwrap it for the first time? Do I have to unscrew the whole top?
Why won't the up and down button not work. And we just got it yesterday
What size batteries
how tal is it?
Does it have wheels? Will it scratch my laminate and hardwoord floors?
Does it have suction or just lights and sound?
Are the puzzles WOODEN?
Are the words under the alphabet in English? She says in the video, the one she's demonstrating is Spanish.
Do these puzzles fit in the Melissa &amp; Doug Puzzle Storage Case Single Wire $12.99?
Are the puzzles individually wrapped in plastic?
What is the recommended age? Can't find it listed
What is the recommended age for these puzzles?
What are the dimensions of the completed puzzles please?
Are the products American made? Or made overseas?
are the bundle puzzle packed 3 per pak for $19.00 please help
Are these puzzles individually wrapped or are they all wrapped together?
How big is this, in inches?
Does this model have wheels on it?
What is the length, width, and wing span?
One review said the body was diecast? Product specs say plastic? Please explain!
How big is this, in inches?
has anyone used this for their dogs? Thank you to all who answered. I decided not to risk it and purchased the Spot Cool Pool instead which is specifically for pets and hopefully has thicker, more durable and puncture-resistant plastic (tho I DID like...
Is this pool large enough for 15month twins?
How thick is the bottom cushioning -- enough protection so you could place it on a brick backyard patio?
Can you inflate this pool again if it starts to deflate in some places?
How large is the pool when not inflated and how heavy? Can I plan to travel with this in a suitcase or is it better to ship to my destination?
Does the little decorate mushrooms shown in the picture comes with it??
What have people used for a cover?
Does this product have a water vent ? Can I use it while bathing the baby and drain out the water ?
Would this pool be good for an indoor ball pit for a 1 year old?
make my order and never sent me what happened to my pool?? buy it in early May and still have not sent me!
Batteries
How do you change the batteries, I can't figure out how to open the back?
I bought one and it seems muffled and hard to hear. Just me?
Is this anything like the BS Button in iTunes?
do you have one that can be programed to say something else?
Are batteries included?
Where was this item manufactured?
What are the sayings you get when the button is pressed?
What are the measurements for the red button itself?
Is the only saying:, BS?????
how old is this globe? publication date?
do you have to plug it in or use a battery to illuminate the globe?
When will this globe be in stock?
How often does the water need to be changed? Every day?
Is the bottom of this pool inflatable too?
I want to make a ball pit.... How many balls would I need??? It's for a kid party...
What are the INTERNAL dimensions of the pool? I'm looking for the dimensions of the water area.
Is the bottom of the pool an air chamber? I am considering putting it on a concrete floor
What pump did you use to inflate this pool? Where did you purchase it, and how much was it?
how do you drain this pool? Thanks.
I am having a problem with the side of the pool colapsing in when filled to fill line. If I am sitting in it, up against the corner, it is fine. I am not sure if we do not have enough air in the pool, or if it is a different problem. Has anyone else...
I know this question has been asked and answered my compressor does not fit my bike tire pump doesn't fit....how do I inflate this pool?? Thank you
Is this a good pool for dogs or is it just cheap plastic and their claws will cut through it
I-Dog: Do you need a computer or i pod to use this product?
Does any mp3 player work? I was wondering if it needs a Nano or can my kids use their shuffles?
little vague.... before buying this for my daughter who wants it really bad...can I just put it next to her stereo and will it still play and light up?
how tall is the handle bar. from the ground. Is it good for average 9 year old, approx. 4 ft tall. - Is it adjustible?
what are the dimensions of this stroller, reviews state it is quite large.....is it to large for a new 4 year old
will a 20" doll fit in this
Does the seat come off into a car seat
Do the front wheels swivel?
Are items on page al included, playpen, car seat,etc ?
How can you just buy the car seat and playpen
Does the stroller come with the play pin and car seat and will it fit like a 13in doll?
Does it come with the infant car seat travel system?
hi i want to buy the stroller m car seat dows the carseat hook in stroller like a real stroller???
I noticed there is a choking hazard on this product. What is the size of the "jumbo pieces?"
Are each individual states, individual pieces of the puzzle? Or are some groups of the smaller NE states grouped together?
I ordered this puzzle from Amazon through Vermont Sled. It had pieces missing. Have you had that happen?
Is the perimeter of the puzzle (that is the portions that are not states or provinces) also broken into jigsaw pieces?
Are state capitals listed
Is this a "working" tea set,as opposed to one too small to actually use? My granddaughter is turning 12 and I want her to be able to actually "serve" tea.
Does it come in a box or how is it packaged?
I love this tea set, it's perfect for my niece. I am wondering if it comes with a box for storage?
How tall are the tea cups? Big enough for little girls to really drink out of or just pretend with dolls?
where was this made?
Saddlebrooke Tea Sets
Would these hold magazines and catalogs OK? Could you get 2 or 3 magazines into one pocket?
will 9x 12 construction paper fit ok?i know it will stick out the top just wondering about length
If holding magazines, are these bags going to stay close to the wall or curve up?
Is this sturdy enough to hold one or more hardcover children's book per pocket?
Would the weight of a few workbooks that are around 1 1/2 inches thick be too much for the fabric to hold up well? Would they even fit in the pockets?
Can pockets hold legal size file folder?
How much weight will it safely hold?
Can someone tell me what hardware you used to hang in joist in ceiling? Sure I could figure it out, just thought it might save me time just to ask.
I cannot get the carabiner to fit through the links to attach the bar. The links are way to small. How on earth did everyone get the bar attached?
Can this be used directly from the ceiling? I do not have a playset; can i use this inside home?
How long is the bar?
How long is the chain that the trapeeze is attached to?
how far off the ground should the yellow bar be? I just bought this and can't seem to find the perfect height.
Is this long enough to hang from the ceiling and have a three yr. old be able to reach it or will I have to buy extra chain?
Can I use on a tree
The openings on the end of the chain are TINY. They do not fit onto my swingset caribbeaners... what did you use to hang?
bpa free
How do I open the balls when they're snapped shut?
how to get fisher price stack and roll apart?
Is it for 9 month olds
would my 2 year old nephew enjoy this
So these are NOT BPA free, right? Why would they even make toys now adays that arent? I thought that was against the law?
Are these BPA and Phtalate free?
what is the age range on this item
We have this toy and my daughter loves it, but half of the blocks are now missing. Does anyone know if it's possible to purchase more blocks?
Looks like this only comes with 6 Blocks. That's not very many. Can more blocks be ordered?
What is the size of the blocks?
What is the difference between Frustration-Free Packaging and Standard Packaging?
will you provide a traking number or not?
Which picture is on the front; the shapes or the jungle animals?
Is it BPA free?
bpa free
Does the yellow lid not 'snap' in place at all? Is it supposed to just rest on top? Or is mine defective?
how fast does the motors make the power wheels go in comparison from a regular 12v to 24 volt power wheels?
Will this work in a dual motor boat running dual nimh at 14.4 volts?
What is the spacing between the two mounting holes? Need a motor with a 1 inch space for a hummer kids ride on gear box. Thanks
can anyone tell me what turn this is, I know it will replace the titan 12t, but other research says that it is a 17 turn motor
What is the shaft diameter? Does not show in the tech specs as far as I can tell. Want to make sure I get the right pinion hole size
Are these motors rebuildable
Is this a drop in motor to replace a titan12t 550 motor without modifications?Tom
Is this a drop in motor to replace a titan12t 550 motor without modifications?Tom
Is this a 10 t motor
what is the size pinion does it need
Is this the actual board or a gift card? The title and description are shady to me.
What does "proper care" mean? I am thinking of buying these for an art classroom, and I want to know what can break the board. Thanks!
Does this come with an envelope? and is it suitable for mailing as a card?
does this include a brush?
Where do you hold the water in the mini version?
does the board open up flat- so i could hang it on the wall..(with a cup of water nearby)? and write something "permanent" on the bottom half???
Why does it say gift card?
is this a gift card or a buddha board?
What's the best kind of pen for writing a message on the card inside?
How many sacks? Is this price for one sack or for multiple?
I would like to use these to actually store potatoes. Do they have a drawstring? Are they durable enough? Did anyone else notice the kerosene smell?
How many bags come with this order?
Why are your shipping rates so high??????? 10 bags = $49.90
Does this come in a nylon case or vinyl bag? I am trying to limit my child's exposure to vinyl, which is why I am asking. Thank you!
keeps flipping upside down when trying to fly. winds were WNW 15mph. is mine defective
Do you need 2 people to get this kite to fly? I have a Easy Flyer that we love for the ease of use, how easy is it to fly this Bird for a first timer
I lost the plastic crossbars that keep the kite open. Does aqnyone know where I can replacement parts?
How long is the tail?
how much room does this kite take up before it is assembled? would it fit into a standard size suitcase?
Does it come with stake line winder
Does the Prince PT9 Advantage Outdoor Table Tennis Table fold up for storage?
what s the surface color?
Where can I buy the cover for this table? Also, I'm ready to purchase it today, but want to know the advantages against the killerspin outdoor table
Does it fold
does the Prince PT9 Advantage Outdoor Table Tennis Table include the net or not?
I just received the crayons and it came with a flat plastic part (like in the picture) - any idea what this is/how you are suppose to use this?
Where are these made?
Did this set of 16 come in a tin box?
does it tern
why is this so much money
Does it work like the real thing ?
Where is a place I can buy this online besides amazon?
When will it be back in stock
does it tell time
does this need to re-charge like in the show? does this make sounds saying it needs to re-charge?
Does this support Windows 7?
does it require batteries?
what are the ages for this product?
Is this made in China?
Does this toy contain BPA or PVC?
Will this be delivered in it original box?
how many and what size batteries
What age is this appropriate for?
Can the toy speak spanish?
What age is this recommended for?
Are the 3-D glasses and Sonic removable on the Doctor?
who is the black dalek
do these's character's has joints in the heads,arms and legs
Are these figures 5 inches ?
How tall is the figurine?
Is the helmet remove ?
I was comparing prices on this item and noticed in the description that it list it as coming with a backpack. Is this one different from the others?
Is he worth 45 dollars. And how big is it (scaled with current figures).
Who is better? Grindor or Blackout
Is it hard to transform blackout
Is it hard to transform blackout
Transformer Movie to expensive: Can someone explain to me why these toys are so expensive on Amazon?
Dimensions of the toy: Can someone who already own this toy please tell us how big it is exactly?
is it steel cast
wtf? not enough plastic to go around to make more or what? this is rediculous . why cant they just make more?
Price???? Why is amazon trying to screw us with the price on optimus and other figures.
$71.99 for a plastic toy? Maybe its just me, but why would anyone spend $72 on a piece of molded plastic?
I make PJ Barbie dolls some people have expressed interest in putting them on a dresser with a stand the skirts have a lot of ruffles want to know if this stand would work ?
will this fit Disney store doll?
this stand also fit in precious moments 12" dolls?
Does it work with Lalaloopsy dolls (full size)?
Will this stand fit Monster High Dolls? Very thin waists.
Anyone know how to change the name on Dora toy cell phone?
does anyone have the software still to change the name? I updated my PC and I can't find the place to download it again.
Does anyone have the instructions on how to get on the internet to set it up? Had this for my grandkids..now I want to change the child's name.
Can I fold this so one end stands vertical against the wall so I can play by myself?
The photo shows a net, but the description dose not include anything about a net. Just to clarify, does this ping pong include the net?
What is the recommended age of players for this table?
What are the exact dimensions of this table? The specifications read : 31.7 x 32.6 x 5.2 inches ; while the description reads: measures 60 x 28 x 30
Does it pack away easily?
is it big enough for a person or 2 to stand on each end?
WHAT IS THE WEIGHT?
what size batteries do it use?
What is the MHz? We have a school bus which is 27 MHz and want to get another vehicle to use with it. The MHz is written on the bottom of bus.
Hello, come in their original packaging? yellow
does it hurt bad
how long will it take to get her
how do you change batterie
can you eat the gum
Can you eat the gum
Could I put a bigger battery in it to increase the shock? Could I hook it to 110v on the wall?
how long will take if in erie
how many come in a pack
how many come in the pack
Is the batteries and wires hidden well?
What are the heights of the rim off of the pool deck at either of the 2 height settings?
does this work with above ground pools
The description says for inground pools. Can it be used on a wood deck? Is it too heavy?
can this be easily moved between uses?
I need to buy a new rim ! the back board is in great shape after 2years . but the rim broke ! wher can i order a new rim from ?
Could somebody help with the footprint measurements many thanks
Where can I purchase a new rim and net? Rim has faded to a melon color after one season and the net has torn.
What is the depth of the base? I have a limited area behind my pool and I want to make sure this fits.
I purchased this in June and the net has fallen apart, and the rim is faded and rusting already. Do you have a replacement rim/net available?
I see many posts about rims that have rusted through (as mine has). Has anyone been able to find a replacement rim?
Does this float keep you dry or is it one that ends up with water on it? I like to float without getting wet sometimes.
is the pillow a seperate chamber that inflates above the base of the mattress
Is this mattress square so the measurements would be 78" for both length and width? If not, what is the width when it's blown up?
Is there a place to tie a rope to keep from blowing away (lake use)?
how does this blow up?Does this come with a device to blow up the air mattress?
do i need a pump for this? if so which would work?
Is there a place to put beverages? Is there a place to tie a rope onto it?
Where can you buy a replacement net for Pool jam Swimming Pool Basketball???
does it fit on a 24 by 52 above ground pool
if the brackets are mounted to the pool ledge, how can you instantly change from basketball to volleyball?
how high do the brackets that screw into the pool ledge stick up? Worried about it getting in the way of the swinging "arm" on the pool cover...
How does it attach to pool? Is it a C-clamp or does it get screwed into top rail of above ground pool?
How long is it
can you use this on the ground to lay in sun?
Can you use in a lake
I don't have a pool, but I want to lie in the sun in my backyard with this, and fill with enough water to help keep me cool. Will it work forthat?
what are the dimensions of the package box when shipped?
if theres no plug in the bottom as stated in a review how do you get the water out of it ?
What thickness or gage of polymer forms this lounger?
Would this hold a 475 lb guy?
Can you tie A ROPE ON IT
It doesnt look like it holds much water. Does it even cover you?
what are the names of all the dinosaurs?
How many pieces does Dinasour Chunky Puzzle have?
Are the dinosaur pieces painted on both sides?
HOW MANY PIECES DOES THIS PUZZLE HAVE?
Many have stated similar to the following: "Paint Chips Off Easily; Pieces are MDF, Not Wood" is this correct or an inaccurate uneducated statement?
Does this model need to be painted after assembly?
Is it easy to build?
Do you have to glue the model together?
What is it made of?
Does it fly?
Does this have the Fischer option?
Does this game clock have the capability of "counting up" time too? (Starting from '0:00' then ending when a move is finished)
Is a copy of the user manual available online?
Does this clock give you warning beeps or does it just beep when the time is up?
Still can make a buy from amazon, this statement show in checkout "This item cannot be shipped". trying to ship it to brunei.
batteries included?
how to set sudden death and 40/2/5
do u make international shipping such as brunei?
How washable are these? Do markings easily wipe off of a table or other surfaces?
What are these really made of? I don't think they could be completely plastic - ?
Do these crayons stain close, and if so does the stain wash off easily?
Are the colors more intense than Crayola?
Would a one year old enjoy these or are they too young?
Are these 1/2 inch thick or 1/4 inch?
How long are these crayons?
How do you sharpen these crayons?
are these crayons non-toxic
how do you inflate this?
How tall is this inflatable dinosaur?
What material is this made out of? latex?
Can the scoop/bucket stay folded under enough to hold sand even when the arm is extended? Or does extending the arm also unfold the bucket?
I would like to know if ther is any assembly or does it come ready to use??
Can this pick up loc blocks for fun in the house?
what age range do you think this digger is appropriate for? I have a 5 year-old who loves to dig, but I don't know if it would be too small.
Our playground is filled with pea gravel. Is this strong enough to scoop and hold a load of pea gravel?
How big is the scoop?
Does it have pedals? Or is it a vehicle you have to push around with your feet?
The red plastic lock is broken after some use. Is there a way i can get a spare
Can this be disassembled and taken on travel easily? Wondered how the wheels might go if it were taken to the beach. Thanks.
What isnthe difference between this one and the one made by caterpillar? They look the same except for the price.
Captain America on Vista: Any help?
Does this have every Captain America in it, is it Volume 1 on or no?
does the cpatain america collection include cap 25 the death issue? anyone know?
How would I view this on an iPad? Thank you.
Does this work on Windows 7 home premium
Is there any app on ios devices that prevents the watermark?
Does this include the Spirits of Vengeance books of the 90s?
How would I view this collection on an iPad? Thank you.
is there something differnt about this one from the 22 dollar one?
Do batteries come with this thing?
what kind of batteries does it take
why is this so expensive? the one i bought on thinkgeek was only half this price, what makes this one so special that the price is doubled?
What is it made of?
what is it made of
Product Difference? Does anyone knows if this is the same product as Doctor Who - The Tenth Doctor's Sonic Screwdriver ?
To prevent choking hazards, what are the dimensions of the animals themselves vs. the box? Thank you.
is it a small magnet on the back that could come unattached, or does the magnet cover the entire backside? are they suitable for a 15 month old?
is there a donkey included?
Do the magnets have lead in them?
What animals are in the box? (is the same in every box?)
Is there a monkey?
will they work with stainless steel refrigerators?
I got the vehicle magnets and my grandchildren love them, so I came back for more. Are the animals the same quality as the vehicles?
Does this have a lid? So it STAYS cleaned up?
I have read that there is lead in these magnets? True?
Can I get this in pure white ?
Can you brush it?
Is this plush's fur nylon or polyester?
Which measurement is height and which is width?
I have ordered this for a Christmas gift. What colors and kind of paint and glue do I need to buy to go with it?
How can you apply the water slide decals to the shields and make them stick? The decals has no hole in the center while the center of the shields has
Could you plesae tell me how can you apply the water slide decals on the shields and make them stick? The decals has no central hole .
Hypothetically can this boat float on water?
Does it float, if not, is there one like it that does? Thanks.
How do I apply the decals? I tried on some shields but the ones I used don't stick.
What paints do I need. I have the Testors basic kit. Anything else?
What is the skill level?
size?
Are the switches electric or manual in this set?
are bachmann scales compatable with other manufacture scales
I'm not buying a cheap set I bought my wife a good locomotive, does this come with power controller. I fly Rc Heli know nothing about trains.
Does this product contain lead?
What is the smallest radius can I get with a z gauge?
Is the width 36" or "48" ?
Is this an N scale track pack
I'm not clear what scale these tracks are. Is this set for an N scale or HO scale?
is this track pack n scale
is this n gauge
Does this game come with the basket balls?
how do you replace the malfunctioning scoring board?
My scoreboard is not doing two players. The scores read the same in both windows and either basket increases the score. Is there a two player setting?
What are the rims made of?
What size are the basketballs, i need to get one more...3 is not enough for two people...let me rephrase...(two brothers playing)
does the scoreboard run on batteries or plug in?
Does this model fold up for storage?
Where can I purchase replacement nets for this game?
Does this game fold?
What material is the backboard made of?
are they made in China??
How big are each block?
are there little chimes or bells inside of them?
How many blocks are included in this set?
What are the dimensions of one block?
replacement part for battat toy- take apart crane: where can i get a bolt repaced for this toy??
Need some replacement screws and bolts for take-apart-truck. It's a great toy but parts get lost. Can I get replacments?
Can the crane pick anything up? My grandson loves tow trucks, for that reason.
Do all of the Battat take apart toys come with a case for holding the parts when not in use or just certain ones?
Hello, I bought the crane and plane. For both, the screwdriver drill is only turning in the reverse direction (to loosen). How do I get it to tighten?
Is the drill supposed to have a backward and forward setting?
What's the difference between the Crane listed at ~$20 and the Crane New listed at ~$26?
Would this hold the attention of a precocious 5 year old?
how does the drill work?
is it too immature for 6 year old boy?
does the propeller spin on battery power or you you have to spin it with your finger?
What material is made the plane?
Why are the pictures of the airplane/box it comes in for "airplane" + "airplane new" the same? Are they exactly the same? Or is one picture wrong?
what age child
18 month old who loves tools?
Can the drill damage walls?
Can it fly?
Is this too easy for a boy turning 5 Jan. of 2015?
Is this pool so amazing it would keep a family out of bahama-like water (as pictured above) and entertained for hours rather than enjoying their vacay
Does this model actually spray water from the tail as in the image or the front?
how does the spray work? can it drip like a waterfall based on the pressure of the hose? do you insert a hose?
can you use compressed air to inflate the pool?
What is the actual current version of this whale pool? I am seeing at least 3 different versions. where is the sprayer of the current version?
I believe the describtion is wrong for this product.... States it has slide, wading pool, ring toss etc. I understand it doesn't but...
What did you use to inflate this pool?? I had a battery-operated air pump, and it still took an hour and a half to inflate!
How many sunglasses do you get? The title says 12 pack, the description says 4 pack, and some of the reviews say they only received one pair.
Are these full size or more like kid sized that stretch a bit and an adult can wear? (looking like they are wearing glasses that are too small?)
Do you knoq where i can get Adults ones
What colors are they?
what are the dimensions of these glasses?
Are these glasses UV Protected?
are these glasses made of hard plastic like the rayban style or bendy rubber
Is it possible to order other quantities? I need 26.
Do these have UV protection?
I just ordered this on amazon prime with free 2 day shipping. Now the shipping info says it's going to be 6 days. If so, I don't want this anymore!
Is this scripted or do we have information to reveal/ conceal in each act?
Can this game be played with a large group of approximately 50 people in a club house
Does the murderer change or is it more of a one time deal?
Did it have 8-10 characters or just 8. The image says 8-10, i invited 10 people. I also have all the character info for 10. But, I bought the game at a game store and it was only 8. SO, I jsut ordered this online and I am weary.
character descriptions
Could I use this to stick just SOME pieces together??? I need to make a 110 piece puzzle much simpler to put together???
Would this be sturdy enough to hand the puzzle on the wall after using this product?
Can you use this on a wooden puzzle?
Could I use this for a 39 inch by 13 inch puzzle (panoramic)?
I have a puzzle of 2000 pieces, so I need to know if this product is for this amount of pieces, or if you have a different article for puzzle of 2000?
I have a completed 1000 piece puzzle 39x27. How do I place it on back without taking it apart.
How big is the spider?
is this spider solid plastic or real flimsy plastic?
Is the red hourglass on the underside of the spider?
what size doll fit
how about outdoors.. is smooth .. my daughter WANTS TO GO OUTSIDE WITH IT
Do "bitty baby american girl" dolls slide out of the seat?
Do you have to put this stroller together or does it come totally put together?
Is it study enough for rough play outside for a three year old?
how high is it?
Are the wheels safe for hard wood floors?
would this be good for my daughters second birthday?
is this item collapsible to be placed in the trunk of a car?
Will a laptop computer fit inside?
Is this the crate and apron or just the apron? If it's only the apron, it seems v expensive.
If the crate is separate, where can I get the crate and how much does it cost?
What is the weight capacity this item will hold?
Will it fit in a standard crate from Staples?
is there a sign and return stamp?
do you have in spanish?
all stamps have same color ?
Is there a "late" stamp in this set?
How big is each stamp?
is there a "stop" stamp?
Could you ship 10 of these units to Chile (south america)?
Is there a missing homework stamp?
how big is the front deck?
can it go in a pond
how do you install the battery. This came with no instructions
I weigh and measure is the boat?
Will it run in salt water?
How long is the remote range?
what mhz is this boat as I want to make sure it is not the same as one of boats using 40mhz.
Can this ship run in a BATH TUB? If it can ill buy it some day. I like the shape, size, and color.
Is there at least 3 different frequencies for the remote control, so that 3 boats can operate at the same time?
what mhz is it?
what is the diameter (roughly)?
How many do you get for the advertised price?
Is the back of these blank? Or is there writing on both sides? Thanks!
Which colours are available? Can I specify which ones I would like when placing my order?
do you have a problem with the plastic tracks? would you get a metal gearbox/tracks?
If I buy two of them, will the radio controls be set to different frequencies???
how do you start it up because mine won't start up the engine?
Which figures would work best with this castle? I just ordered one for my daughter for Christmas. Thanks.
I have both castles, I have a 1.5 and 2.5 year old, bottles have spilled etc., how do you clean this unfinished wood?
Does the castle come assembled? I was thinking of buying it for my granddaughter who lives in Mexico, so I would have to take it with me.
Do any disney princess figurines fit inside the rooms?
Would Calico Critters animal figures and their furniture sets fit in the castle?
My daughter turns 18 months just after xmas. Is she too young to appreciate this? Seems most reviewers mention 3 year olds, but maybe 18 months is ok?
What is the difference between Folding Princess Castle?
Can this castle be put in parts for transportation? Thanks
Hi - does anyone know if this castle will fit into checked luggage (ie a large suitcase)? Thanks in advance.
Does anyone know if there is a wooden furniture set that would fit in the castle? I saw in reviews that the M and D wooden set does not fit well.
Is it red or orange ?
can i great the in orange thank you please tell fast as you can i like the car
is this put together and will come in box, thank you
Is the magnet strong?
Are these BPA free?
I orderd this and it came in a plain cardboard box -- no neat box for storing it. Is this the way your came?
how long is the fishing line?
Does the fishing line reel IN the pole, or does the line just hang down?
Do the fish float?
What age group is the Funtime fishing for
Is this slide 18 or 20 in guage vinyl
can this be used on a boat dock that is a couple feet above the lake?
Could I use this out in the middle of a lake?
Does it come with deck attachments? Anchors of any kind?
Is this item come exactly as pictured? I was wondering what the difference was between this slide and the intex kool spash slide, same item number.
What type of warranty does this have?
Does it come with a pump?
Could you use this without water just as a dry slide?
Do you ship to Argentina?
How tall is the slide
Does this include the challenger set, idea book, and aquarium adventure? I'm confused as to why this set is less $$ than the others if it has more.
Does this include the tiles to build the puzzles or just the puzzle cards?
Is this set magnetic ?
Do the tiles come in the giraffe template or in a bag?
What age is appropiat for building set 405
How can I get just wheels and axles
Are these duplo size? That is what my son told me I need to add to the kids current collection because they always fuss over the same pieces,
Does the plastic box have room for more LEGOs than what's included? Is the box filled to the brim upon opening?
This exact set is on walmart.com for 29.99, why the difference?
Is Lego 405 pieces(6166) seriously $139.69 ? someone made a mistake in pricing this, please correct it.
I am interest, but need to know how many doors and windows and panels come in one set?
do you ship to Brazil?
are this the originalll size, not the mini or the mega
Are these the mini blocks?
Could you please tell me what is the weight of this microscope? Thanks.
Does a book come with this microscope?
We dont know how to use everything like the petri dish, stains etc. Are we missing a booklet or do we need to buy an additional book?
did you get slides to view with the microscope?
Is this made of metal or plastic?
would this work for high school?
I'm looking for a microscope I can use with my 4.5 year old daughter. Would this be age appropriate? I'm not expecting her to use it alone.
could this be used to watch bacteria?
Does this come with a cover? If not, what cover would you suggest?
The light under the stage works but the light above the stage does not. Any idea where I can get a new light or how I can solve this problem?
give a sample question
what are some questions asked in smart ass?
Can you buy more question cards when you have gone through the ones taht come with the game? Also where
how many can play at a time
Where is the manufactured? Is this game (Smart Ass by University Games) made in the US, Canada or Mexico?
How's the replay value? I mean, do you have to play with new people each time because people start memorizing the cards?
How's the replay value? I mean, do you have to play with new people each time because people start memorizing the cards?
How big is the box holding everything? I am looking for travel games so don't want anything too big.
Is it fun with just 2 people?
Smart asks for WII
are they RUBBER balls?
What is the weight for each ball?
Are there multiples of each color? We need a pack of balls with two red ones.
Is there any way I can request a bag of all red balls?
Can you share what colors are included? That will affect how many bags I buy (I need a certain number of them in blue, green and red)
what size are these balls need 1 inch
Was it made in China?
Is this plush machine washable? If so what settings should be used?
Is the fox plush fixed to that pose or can its legs actually move around?
does it have ailerons or just a tail rudder for steering?
Is this able to take off on grass?
This is my first RC airplane and I broke the propellers. What is the model/type so I can order new ones?
what is the package weight,
Do you have to assemble the plane or does it come assembled?
hello good morning this aircraft comes with your radio control or have to buy separate
IS this compativle with LiPo batteries or any other lighter weight batter option?
Are there two versions out there? 27 MH and 2.4 GH ?
where can I buy propellers for the plane?
What does it steer with????
any other better planes?
Just received this plane, and put it together.Not too bad. What do I do with grey antenna wire? Too long to just leave hanging..Have'nt flown yet.
can you give links to your better operational planes
do you have to put it toghether
how long does the battery last
For what age group does it suit
what is it made out of
Does the RC jet come with wheels and screws? how about the flag? my son's didn't come with one....?!?!
does it fly
is this recharcheble
games for 6.5 yr old girl already reading: She has asked for the Disney Princess, Dora, and Pet games but they seem too young for her?
does all the leapster games work with the didj? does all the leapster games work with the didj?
Will this particular game play on my daughter's Leappad that I bought this year?
Can you change dogs? Is there a way to change pets once you have adopted one?
Does this game work with the Leapster Explorer GS?
I bought the keyboard at a yard sale, what do I nee to make it work on the TV?
How do you shut off the click and start there seems to be no off button
do you think this would work on the dvd player screen in the car? looking for something to entertain my 2 and 4 yo on a long trip. Thanks!
Why won't my mouse work?
is this good for a 5 year old girl?
We receive toy as hand me down from neighbor, changed batteries, plugged in to TV. Lights , video and sound work. Cant get keyboard to work, HELP?
i bought the computer from someone but they no longer have the keyboard. Can you buy that seperate?
list of all pieces needed
connect computer to drive
Moving/jumping display on the TV screen: Anyone else have this problem?
How long do the batteries in the remote last with having to charge the copter from the remote?
Air Hog heli won't gain altitude: Any suggestions?
Is this a product that a 6 year-old could use?
How many heli will be there in this deal: its three heli or only one in this offer?
how fast does an airhog copters propeller move at? how fast do airhog copters propellers move at?
same as laser battle helis? But my further question is, if I can somehow get my order switched to get other colors, will they be able to do the laser battling in air or is that not a feature on these?
Charging problems: Anybody else experiencing this problem?
Price gouging: What's with the prices of these things?
channel problems
how many pieces does this kit make?
is it free shipping
can this be done with a microwave only
What flavors can you make for the gum?
can the flavors come in the flavors you want?
Can you add in your own flavors instead? Would you use an extract for this?
I need reward ideas! We do a weekly toy/game/book if she gets most, but hubby feels it's not good for her to get a material item weekly. Suggestions?
i am needing some blank magnets for responsibilities that are not included in the pre-printed magnets. Where can i find them?
why does the main image for this product not match the other images or the product #3789 on the M&amp;D website? which image(s) is accurate?
Where do you hang this crazy big chart? I bought 2, love them but just have no clue where to hang them because they are so big.
Is this product made in the US?
Since this focuses on household and not school-related tasks, would it be appropriate for a K-2 classroom of children with autism?
How do you hang this product?
is the white part dry erase?
can someone tell me the dimensions of the individual chore magnet I want to order extras with my chart but not sure how big they are.
Can this chore chart be used for more than one child?
are the chess pieces metal or do they use metallic paint
How tall are each pieces?
how large are the squares
Do you sell these chess pieces separately?
We just received ours and the base is not quite square, so the board is wedged VERY tightly in there.... is this the norm for the set?
Hi, what are the chess pieces made of? and how high/wide they are? for example the tallest and the shortest one. Thank you
is it real or fake
How big is the mouth opening?
what is the size?
Is this made of hard resin? What is it made from?
How big?
Is the nose drawn on or plastic?
how big is it?
Is it flexible and not too stiff as some stuff animals are
How big is it from the Chest to rear; not including the arms or tail?
How would you clean it if it got a stain?
how big is it TRUTH im getting it from santa but for the people that already have how big is it in real life ??????? thx
what color are the eyes?
what is the length?
is the eyes looking up and down
How big is it?
what are the dimensions?
How big is this elephant? Hopefully as big as a 3-year old? She keeps asking for a pet elephant lol. And this looks like just the one....
height of elephant?
is it steel frame?
Are all of them dark gray? I received one as a gift and it looks almost dark gray/black while the picture is a lighter gray
Could I fold in the trunk and legs and stuff it into a carry-on suitcase?
Do these trains fit the imaginarium train table set?
Do these trains have magnets on top of the cars? My son has the M&amp;D swivel crane so I'd like to know if this would work with it.
Do these train cars fit the Melissa and Doug Wooden Figure Eight Train Set
Do these trains work on a Brio train table?
How tall is this bulldog?? I really need dimensions
Of the 2 images shown of the English Bulldog, which is the one that I will receive should I order?
There are two bulldogs that show up. One looking upward and the other looking at you? Which one do you receive?
which English Bull dog will I get? The one in the "line-up" or the one that comes up when you click on it. I want the tan one, not the brown one. T
How tall is this bulldog?? I really need dimensions
Can anyone tell my what the neck circumference is? I want to use it to display dog accessories I make....
Would the Plan Toys furniture fit into this castle?
Does it come assembled?
Does anyone know if this castle is compatible with the melissa and doug dollhouse people?
Has anyone found a solution to making it smell better? It has a strong odor.
What furnishings fit best, size-wise, and hopefully, compatible with the castle theme?
How high are the doorways?
Does this come with any people or furniture pieces or is it just the castle?
Compatible with Schleich? Does anyone know?
does it break easily
what is the size of this item
how do you buy a real zebra
How big is this?
length...width...height?
The size
the size
I want to purchase an elephant, giraffe, and zebra for my safari themed nursery. Will the height of all the Melissa and Doug animals go together?
How tall is it?
size
How big is it?
what ages is it good for?
Are the pieces removable?
What age is this board for?
Hello, is it possible to deliver in France? Cordially
how tall are they?
Size of the dolls
Does this set come with a big sister with dark hair?
can the clothes be taken off?
Are these to scale for the Melissa &amp; Doug multilevel dollhouse #HN-MAD083?
last time i checked victorian era didnt wear pea coats did they?
You say bendable limps. Do their knees bend? and can they sit properly on a chair?
Is there a max weight &amp; height for the big wheel?
Is this appropriate if child also has and (newly) rides a two wheel bike no trainer wheels? (5 years old)
Does it have rubber wheels or plastic?
We don't have pavement at our house, would this be okay riding in (mown) grass in the backyard?
How big is the box it comes in?
would this be okay for a 2 year old? would he reach the petals?
Will this be too big for my 3 year old? He wears 5T and is pretty tall.
What is frustration free packaging? Standard packaging?
Does it have breaks?
is this made in the usa?
Can we use this to power a light bulb in a science fair project?
does it come with charger
does it &ccedil;ome with a charger
are these packs weighted?
Does anyone know what color the original box was? I found 2 boosters boxes still sealed, and would love to sell them, but how bad would it be to find out they were a different set? (my box has a product code woc06034 and copyright 1999)
dose it come with good cards
How many cards do you get with this set?
how many boosters packs?
How much are there?
Are these cards in English or not?
There is a charizard, venasaur, and blastoise cover art. What cover did you guys get? Im looking to get one of each but it says random.
30$ for 1 pack?
Can you put more water into it?
Does this have just a night light function you can use to check on baby without sound?
I see that the manufacturer recommended age is 3.. This doesn't make sense to me if it's made to go in a crib for an infant. How young can they be?
Would this be worth it to buy for a 7.5 mo old or is she too old? I'm looking for something soothing she can interact with while she winds down.
can you replace the water inside or how do you stop it from evaporating
What is the range on the remote?
When refilling - do you use tap water? Filtered water? distilled water?
Can it play story CD's as well as music?
Does it sing songs or just play music
How do you change the languages that it speaks in?
What songs does it play??
is this a cd player
how tall is the engine and stand
How many pieces?
what are the actual dimensions of the engine out of the box, not on the stand
what size does this fit? The listing states we have a choice of size, yet there is no size listed, nor size option.
The details section states that there is a "hook and loop" closure. The one I just received has a velcro closure. Anyone else experience this too?
Is the material a stiff vinyl? Do your kids get hot wearing it?
Do this come in a two pack like the original Ikea product or is it one single smock?
How can I select sizes? Looking a size for a 4 year old
geotrax versus trackmaster: Does anybody know whether Geotrax is compatible with Trackmaster or the older Tomy thomas the train track?
Geotrax vs. Brio train set? Which is better for a boy who is still learning how to assemble?
Train table? Does anyone know if this table will work: KidKraft Train Table - Natural Dimensions 35" x 49.25" x 17.5H If not, what table is compatible with this set?
5.5 year old too old? Any thoughts?
Pedal Problems: Any ideas?
Fisher Price Smart Cycle A/V plug: Does anyone know?
steering problems!?
Weight Limit: Is there a weight limit for the cycle?
TV Trouble: Has anyone experienced TV trouble while using the Smart Cycle?
Is a 28 month old boy too young for this?
Can a 2 yr old play this? How tall does the child need to be? Any ideas?
smart cycle disfunction: Does anybody have any ideas what it could be or did we get another defective bike?!!!
My TV does not have a RGB connection...any advice: Anyone have this problem or any suggestions?
Will it do a drift?
are the turning signals in the front and back?
What is the operating MHZ for this particular car? 29MHZ or something else?
Is the car worth the money
What type of batteries so I need?
is it good for the money?
I bought this on Feb 24, 2015 and now the charger is not charging the battery, how can I get a replacement charger?
Are there different operation frequencies?
is there any way to contact someone to fix the acceleration button on my controller
how long do u charge this
how do you attach the chutes to the sides?
Is the cement truck metal?
What can you put inside it?
how do I put the batteries in
Does the water drain out of the water tank through the hose of this cement truck like the Bruder Man cement truck?
what is the size in inches of the truck?
Can the Bruder man fit in this truck?
What's the difference between this truck and the Bruder Man Cement truck?
Is this alst made from high-quality plastics such as ABS? It does not indicate that as the Bruder man does.
Will this hold up using it in a sandbox?
My grandson is 2. he loves trucks. Is this a good toy for his age?
I was wondering how big the driver's side door was from bottom to just below window and from side to side?
What are the dimensions?
is this an rc dump truck i just purchased the loader thinking it was rc but is not
is this a fully remopte control dumptruck?
Does the light and sound module fit on it?
This truck shows up under a search for remote control trucks. Is this remote controlled? The description and reviews don't seem to indicate this.
Does this truck have 2 smoke stacks (one on each side)? I see one in the photo, but it's only shown from one side, and son wants a truck w/ 2...
Is this a sturdy plastic truck or is it easily breakable?
Do you think this mat would work well for playing cards? Can you push your finger into the material enough to make it easier to pick the card up?
Can the Mahjong tiles stand up on this table cover firmly? or you have to build the wall of your hands of tiles on the table surface directly?
My table is a little smaller. Can I cut with pad?
In some pictures it looks gold others look beige what color is it?
Does this mat have a rubber back to keep it from sliding round?
is the YMI table cover good for a glass table?
Will it fit a card table that is 36inches square
It arrived with one corner folded so there is a crease in it. How do I remove it?
Why does amazon show it in a drawstring bag if you all say it comes in a plastic case??
What are the instruction for machine washing and drying?
how many gallons does it hold?
is it possible to install a pump for this pool
how deep is it full?
How many gallons of water does this pool hold?
what size tarp should i buy for it so i can keep the pool clean when not in use
IS this for the regular sized beads or the biggie beads?
What size are the boards? Amazon sells a four pack of 5-3/4 x 5-3/4 inch boards for $7.62 so wondered if these are bigger as only 2 for $6.59. Thanks
Does this item work for the little beads?
Do the holes in the pegboards go completely through the plastic? I am thinking about using these for a different craft.
Does this set come with ironing paper?
Is each board 10.5 x 7.5? Or are they that size when put together?
What size are these, bead x bead? Standard size seems to be 29 x 29, looking for bigger ones.
Do they come with an ironing sheet?
Hi , I want to order it for my husband is it a good gift for him? Also, I want to order the orange colour plz .. Thank you
can i get this in black??
what colors are thier
I want this in purple
Do u have it in black?
does it drift
I would like to know the frequency this car works with?
would this be a good gift for an 8 year old?
Does it really have multiple frequencies as described? "Dashboard-style R/C controller with multiple frequencies"
how fast does it go
What "pets" does this set include?
I have a 2yr old. Is the lacing a little stiff at the end to make it easier? Are the holes easy to fit the lacing through?
Are the cards durable?
These are wooden can they get slivers or do you make them out of heavy cardboard too?
What ages does this appeal to?
It looks like they just have the lacing strings, but no needles - is that correct?
is it made of wood and I want to know the size
what is actual size
size of the bunny
My granddaughter just turned 2 in June. It says small parts not for under 3 yrs. old. What are the small parts
My granddaughter just turned 2 in June. It says small parts not for under 3 yrs. old. What are the small parts
How big is this beanie baby?
size
Does it rust?
I wanted to use for my daughter's 4th birthday party, and the cups will double as favors. Pouring is half the fun, but will they get more than a sip?
how much water does the tea pot hold?
how big are the cups and the tea pot I do not want a 1 in high by 2 in wide cup like alot of them have I want a decent size for real tea parties
Where is it made?
Lead level?
See there a lot of mall pieces? Do you need to build it?
Does the size of this toy work with either Imaginext or Lego figures?
Is the shark big enough to "swallow" a car?
how does it move
What are the physical measurements of the boat(big)
is it appropriate for age 3
Lead? Should I be concerned about this particular product?
Price? Why is Wzard selling the Matchbox mega shark rig for $150?
Is this the same as Toys R Us Exclusive Matchbox 60th Anniversary Special Edition Playset - Mega Rig Shark Ship? Or are these different?
The wrong message: What next, the oil tanker with the fake oil spill?
What is it made out of ?
How long does this last? I'm thinking about using it later at night because I am one of the last ones left, so they can discover it in the morning.
Is this a good way to prank someone ??? Throw up is my goal
Does this smell THAT bad? :p
Will it smell like my dad's roast beef farts?
Is it a silent spray or will people hear me spray it? Does it get on yourself?
how do you get rid of the smell?
does it work outdoors?
buy the puke smell, or fart smell?
If I spray like 4 - 6 times a day, can a bottle work for month? I am planning to buy every month.
How tall is this item?
What is the arrival time at my home in usa?
is metal or plastic?
how heavy is the item?
This product travel to chile?
Will any Bruder vehicles fit inside this trailer?
what are the dimensions and material made?
compatible with john deere tractors?
Will this work with the Land Rover Station Wagon?
What can haul this trailer? We have a dump truck but I don't know if it has a hitch. I'm also interested in the Ausa Minidumper, is that compatible?
is there a way to temporarily turn off the screaming?
I would like to buy 150 of these for a wedding. What would be standard shipping to Ohio ?
does the monkey cry continuously while flying or is there a simple scream on take off? also what is a nonbattery will it be easy to find on the shel
I just received mine. How do you make it fly?
I would also like to buy a couple of these. Can you combine the orders so we only pay one fee for shipping?
I would like to buy these for a beach trip, but so many reviewers say they don't work on arrival. Has anything been done to correct this problem ?
Does it come in nice packaging?
I would like to purchase 15 and need them by 9/18 but it says standard shipping is 17-28 days. Is that accurate? If so, how much would it be to make sure they get to me on time?
Do they monkeys sold come with caps or just goggles? thank you
how many are in the pack?
I either want to get a roboquad or a recon 6. Looking for pros/cons and recommendations. For a 10 year old girl who is into robotics, computers, etc
Is the weight of this product 22 pounds or 2.2 pound
Whats the battery life like? How long can you enjoys this guys company on fresh pair of batteries?
how does it do moving around on carpeted floors or on the transition from carpet to hard wood and back? Thanks ahead for your help.
Does it have a camera
Is this robot programmable?
does it move fast or slow?
High Price: What gives Amazon?
can the roboman talk to u and set reminders for u
is it metal?
Would a 4 year old be able to enjoy this? Is this piece mainly for collectors?
Box dimensions: Anybody know the size of the box it comes in?
How tall is it?
Does not work right. Need Help: Has anyone ran into this problem and found an answer to the issue?
What is the color? Green or light blue?
what is the actual size?
is this games ,,,if were can we play it,,
why does LIFE cost $100??? Yes there much needed improvements, but a board game for $100, why???
Anyone else have a problem with this games subliminal message? Just wondering if any other parents have had a problem introducing their kids to a game that basically shouts to them that living it up and not completing degrees benefits you more in the...
Issue with one LIFE Card! Now the problem is that the player i choose to go with me was one step after from getting a degree (She already pay Tution $20K), then the discussion started because the player demands to have the degree because the card...
Best place to buy? Where is the best place to buy this that has it in stock, online or in store?
how dose the card machine work
How do you silence this thing?
Monopoly Game: Whoever thought of the price for this game was not thinking clearly, it is too much money for a board game.
Why in heaven's name does it cost so much??!!!!! 96 bucks for a Monopoly game?
Would this be a good sized tea set for American Girl Dolls?
How many ounces of water will the teapot hold? Thanks!
It says the origin is USA. Is this tea set really made in USA or is this a typo?
what are the dimensions of the set?
Can anyone give me the dimension of the carrying case as I am sending it abroad. Thank you!
What is the case made out of?
Is the carrying case also tin? Or is it cardboard? I'm looking for something like tin to make sure it's more durable than the usual "cardboard"!
I see origin is US - does this mean made in US? Any concerns about lead paint? Could a child use its for liquids, even tea, and not just pretend?
What is the cost to process (per plate) when I send it in after the artwork is done?
How many plates can be made with one kit?
What are the dimensions of the plates? Dinner size? Salad size?
Do you have to use their markers, can you use any markers as long as they are water-based?
Are the plates glass or plastic?
are the plates dishwasher safe?
Can you do some of the templates later? There seems to be only one order sheet--can you just copy it and send a second or third plate later?
Can you use Sharpies for the designs?
Do they include the template for making a cup?
How can I connect the power-loc track to the flex tract that is on a cork road bed?
are these tracks compatible with the Power Trains set?
Is power-loc compatible with Bachman e-z trac?
How do I hook my transformer to these pieces? Do they need a separate piece with a connector, or is a connection included with the piece(s)
Would this be appropriate for play in a car?
do you think someone younger than 8 would like this or is it frustrating for them ?
Does it require batteries?
Does it light up automatically if complete the circuit? three settings (off/on no sound/on with sound) but it never works-only the try me button plays
Does this toy play a different song for each puzzle completed?
is this supose to lights up even thoug you did not complete the puzzle? and whe doesnt have any of the pices on the box.?
Do you think an 11 year old would find this interesting enough?
I need additional lime green puzzle pieces the U shaped piece is missing any suggestions?
Can you turn off the volume on the noises for quiet play?
Is this game for 1 person or multiple players?
would a baby be able to play with this with out pieces coming off?
Does it have button eyes or are they stitched?
Is there a back door? How any windows?
What size are the animals?
what is the age range
would a baby be able to play with this with out pieces coming off?
How is it stored? Is setup easy? What is involved?
how much water does this pool hold?
The walls won't stay up without being with water?
Size?
So if I only fill it with 1/2 the amount of water the sides will be pretty flmsy?
Could this be used as a large aquarium inside?
I'm wondering if putting this in a large snug hole in the ground would help the walls be less floppy and at risk for puncture as others have reported?
Can it hold up on a carpet indoors?
Please say how much this weigh. Want to ship
Is there any good way to cover this to keep bugs out in between uses without dumping the water daily?
How tall is the bag? Thanks.
my daughter will be 6 very soon and approx 48 inches. what size should I go with? The age 8-12 since she is tall??
Is there an option for Left-Handed Clubs?
what is the color of 8-12. shows purple but people are stating getting pink.
What is the length of the driver and 8 iron in the age 4-7 set (the purple set)? Thanks
How long is the driver?
How tall is the bag? Thanks.
my daughter will be 6 very soon and approx 48 inches. what size should I go with? The age 8-12 since she is tall??
Is there an option for Left-Handed Clubs?
what is the color of 8-12. shows purple but people are stating getting pink.
What is the length of the driver and 8 iron in the age 4-7 set (the purple set)? Thanks
How long is the driver?
Appropriate ages: Does anyone have a 4-year -old that enjoys playing with this toy?
does anyone have detail instruction on how to set up? bought mine at garage sale in pieces and have no clue on how to set up! help?
I am in need of replacement parts such as the plastic elbows.. They were misplaced or broke in a move.. I found the directions but no info on who to contact..
1 YEAR OLD?
Storing the house..... how do you store the other pieces that you buy seperately?
Is this a frame and swing or swing only?
Can this swing be used indoors?
what is the weight limit for the child
what age child is this for what are the weight limits are there straps/harness
What is the size of this horse when put together?
is it moition activated and does it make a trot or walk sound and any other songs
what is the weight limit?
Where is this horse made? USA?
Does this horse have a good "bounce" and the springs aren't too stiff? Thanks.
does it have 120-240V power input?
Subwoofer: Are there any subwoofers that work with the Yamaha Stagepass 300?
So can use only 4 mics at a time?
does it have a USB port
is there a USB port
What comes with it? Are the mics, cables, speaker stands, and mic stands, included in this package as i see in BSW catalog?
Is there any warranty included? 6 months?
how big are the ears and can you move them around
Does the baby joey come out or is it sewed inside the mom kangaroo?
where it was made
how long does the batery last
r/c range
How fast is it?
does it shoot
What frequency does this run on?
Does it shoot?
What type and how many batteries are needed for the ship and remote?
What kind of rechargeable battery is used and is it easy to replace?
Do you have to put this together yourself?
r/c range
Is the radio freeqwency 49 mhz
how fast can it go?
what color is it
Are batteries included?
Can i race two?
Can I race two at the same time?
what size is this car?
What kind of battery do the remote and car use?
what frequency is it?
Why should players be 18 and older?
what are the names of the charaters in the marde gras game?
How many people for this game? I need one for 10.
We have 3 other couples joining us and were wondering if we can have all of the children here during the party or definitely get babysitters? Thanks!
How long does it take to play this game? Recommend for first timers?
What happens if your own character is the murderer?
Hi there. Is the game CD supposed to be called 'Death in St James Park' or did I get the wrong set sent to me?
Does each character read each chapter out loud
How many of the characters are male? Does gender of guests matter or can the roles be for a male or female?
Is the murderer always the same?
What is the length of the body not including the tentacles.
30" or 20" What length is this squid?
What material is this made out of?
Some of the reviews claim that there is no stuffing in the arms, but others don't mention it. Are they all like that?
When it arrives after you order it, does it look like how it does in the model picture or does it look different?
Does it come with a velcro wristband?
I see there are 38 letters: extra vowels, I hope?
Do they contain lead (the magnets in particular)? Tried to see the product review on Healthystuff.org but it is not listed.
how big are the letters?
Where are they manufactured?
Will they stick on to mirror ?
is the whole letter a magnet? or are there circular magnets glued to the back?
What is the size of each letter? (i.e., 2" tall or something else?)
What are they made from?
Where are these magnets made?
is the whole letter a magnet? or are there circular magnets glued to the back?
could I use these for frosting?
What are the dimensions of the bottle?
Can these bottles be used for CA glue?
What is 1 ounce equivalent to in ML? I want to use for e-liquid...
Would these work for glitter? I've been looking for puffer bottles to use when I face paint. Thanks.
country of origin for these bottles?
How large is the opening in mm? also, is it a twist open cap like Elmers glue?
What would the case cost be?
Hello, Can someone tell me the inside diameter of the filler opening? This is with the applicator tip unscrewed. Regards
Has anyone tried putting super glue (cyanoacrylate) in these?
How long is the screw portion ?
Is the shaft size 5/16 on both pieces?
are these stainless or will they rust in a salty atmosphere?
I asume you get two for the $8.77 price? Does the product include both the brass and silver parts depicted? Does this screw into a structure board?
Mattel vs. Fisher Price Little Mommy Real Loving Baby: Are they the same doll?
price differecce of little mommy doll for different races: Has anyone else complained about the price differences on the different races of this doll?
Weird Noise: hi, I agree that the doll is cute and its a great concept but does everyone elses doll make a lot of noise everytime she moves?
Battery life: Is anyone else having a problem with short battery life in this doll?
Mattel Little Mommy Real Loving Baby: Does the doll speak spanish???
so what kind of special valve do they have and how do you fill them? Do I need to buy a special pump?
weight limit?
What color are the tubes now? I've seen pictures where the tube is white on the top half, and blue on the bottom (which I like). Recent purchasers?
My wife is a petite women, 5'0 and 105lbs. Do you think this tube might be too big or that she wouldn't be able to reach the water?
How much does it weigh?
Does the headrest inflate/deflate separately? My boyfriend doesn't really care for headrests.
Do you think this is durable enough to handle very minor white water and will hold up to bumping into some rocks?
how do u feel it with air?
The "River" I go to is sometimes like a creek...And the rapids have a few sharpish rocks. The shallowest it gets is 1'. Will it pop/rip?
What kind of pump do you use?
Does it take batteries?
will it count real and fake money?
does it come with a scaner
Does it come with the coins and bills?
does the register say out loud the numbers as they are pressed
is it tri lingual??
we have had this for a while but cant turn it off so the batteries die within days. is there no way to turn it off?
DOES THE CALCULATOR ACTUALLY FUNCTION?
were do you buy it
Is this toy loud?
How big of an area does this cover?
How many coats do I have to apply to the wall? We have 3 coats on now, and not all the marker colors are erasing off. Does anyone know why???
To those who have tried both RustOleum's Dry Erase and competitors (e.g. IdeaPaint or ReMarkable): What do you think? Is one superior than the others?
What is the finish of this paint? Matte, Semi-Gloss, Gloss...?
Can you change the color of this product? We would like to tint the color.
does it work with magnetic primer?
Will it work over the magnetic paint to make a magnetic whiteboard??
Can this be used over a chalkboard to convert a chalkboard to a dry erase? Has anyone tried this?
I live in an apartment. How difficult is it to paint over?
anyone have any info on the "residue" of the markers? Does it fall on the floor? Don't want to ruin new carpet of office if I do this
Compatible Cell Netorks? Does anyone know what cell networks this charm works on?
trying to find out what kind of batteries this takes. anyone know? thank you.
does it work with tracfone
Would this work for a straight talk android 3G phone?
I love it, but it does go off randomly. this creates another problem. the battery went dead in one day. now what? any suggestions?
good for a 10-year old? Would anyone think a 10-year old would still like it?
Possible to plug in computer?
How long is the cord from the TV to the Eyeclops?
Where can I find English instructions? Thanks
why is there only standard shipping available? What should I do????
200x compared to 400x? How does the Jakks with 200x magnifying power compare to the newer Bionic Eye with 400x magnifying power?
you see the image in color or black and white?
lowest magnification: Can anyone tell me what the lowest magnification is?
Transfer to a computer: Would there be a way to transfer and capture an image on the computer - maybe use a video camera with av input/output?
Viewing Stand worth the extra $$? Is it worth it??
Is the hoop big enough to fit a real basketball?
What age is recommended for this toy?
is it only good for big undergroud pool or for store bought pool too?
how do you fill the base with water?
Can this be packed into a suitcase, does it fold fairly small? Thank you.
does this have any latex in it?
Is it pretty easy to blow up once you get to the pool?
age appropriate
Internal snare adjustment broke 2 days into using this. Just a couple of turns and the metal holder broke. Any chance I can order a replacement?
What does this 3 piece set actually include. It shows 2 cymbals, bass, throne, and tom and snare but doesn't mention tom and snare as part of the set.
Would this drum set do ok in a garage? It wouldn't get wet, but wondering what humidity would do to it in the summer.
Can you tell me how far over the pool is the hoop? im concerned the kids may hit there head on the pool edge, when trying to slam dunk it
Anyone know where to buy a 14 inch replacement rim only.
Today is July 29th. 2014. Do any recent purchasers know if the rust problem has been fixed? Thank you!
Is the height on this item adjustable.
My setup is exposed to Las Vegas sun all day do I need to do anything to protect it from sun damage?
Does the base fill with water? How does it not tip over?
Does anybody have a source to replace just the hoop? Mine has rusted out and needs replacing.
Does this unit include a ball?
Can you adjust the height of this bball hoop?
Where to buy replacement net
Where are the screws and bolts located that rust so easily?
Does this come with Water B'ball and V'ball ?
how hard is it to remove the hoop to play volley ball?
Is the basketball hoop adjustable on this one? I am trying to compare this to the Dunn-Rite BV400, but cannot find the model number for this product
Can you add a second rim to the second base to make a second basketball hoop?
Does the set come with a basketball and a volleyball?
we have a lap pool and it's only 10 feet wide. can you set up the volleyball net so that it's not so wide? maybe around 12 feet wide?
How wide is the volleyball net? We have an above ground pool surrounded by a deck. But our pool is round &amp; pretty wide.
Does this come with two supports for the volley ball net?
How durable is the rim for dunking?
do you have to drill into your deck
We have a bench on one side of the pool, making it lower than the other side. Can one pole go in the water and can the net be adjusted for the height
Are the poles attached to the concrete?
What' the ideal depth for the PVC inserts in the patio?
My pool is 21 feet across. Can it be shortened and be tight at that length?
the diameter of our pre-drilled holes for the pool fence are 1.25". Is there any way we can adapt for these poles?
The width of my pool is 6 feet. Can I adjust the net length to about 8 feet?
How do we adjust the height of the net as it is too tall. Or do we just let it hang in the water? The instruction say how to adjust the width not the
is width on net adjustable to fit a small sports pool?
Would the poles fit in a hole that was drilled for a pool fence?
Is this durable enough for larger dogs? Can the ball be easily destroyed?
will this work on carpet?
Is it possible to choose the color and the size on which the motor is attached? I would like the green/orange with the button appearing on the orange.
is it motion activated ?
if buy 50 or 100 weazel ball, will price be same? and what about the shipping price?
will this toy work on carpet?
How do i get the screw off? It appears to be stripped?
does it have an on/off switch?
size dimensions
dimensions?
What song does it play?
Do the dresses come off and are they majic clip or pliable dresses?
Do the dresses come off and are they majic clip or pliable dresses?
How tall are the dolls?
bad smell?
What is the diameter of the disk?
Does this repond to touch?
hi! you can send to Brasil? do you can calculate the shipping costs? thanks
Does it consume battery as if it is emitting light, if I leave it in the sound response mode and there is no sound?
how long does it last until it burns out?
Is this tent really that much easier to set up than other play tents? We have one now with the poles you click together then thread them in the tent.
Color choice says beige picture shows primary colors what color is it?
Does the base of tent measure 48x48"?
What is inside dimension?
Is one of the top panels mesh, not solid? If yes, how can it be used outdoors if raining?
How does tunnel attach to tent? And is the compatible tunnel the 6' multicolor Pacific Play tents tunnel?
How tall and wide is tent?
Does this tent have a flap that covers the circle?
The description says not for children under 3 because it has small parts -- what small parts? I'm looking for something for a two-year old.
Does anyone know of a mattress that would fit in this tent? Thanks.
How does this attach to a twin bed - Does a fitted sheet fit inside?
Can adults lay down in this tent to read to their child at night?
This will be placed on the top bunk of a bunk bed - so how tall is the tent?
does this fit on full size bed?
Can you open side vents for air? Can a child actually sleep inside? Are there zippers to open the tent?
What color is this? One picture makes it look pink/green but the other makes it look purple/green.
Is the bottom open or closed? How does it attach to a twin bed?
How many openings does the tent have? Can you get in on the side or can you only get in through the pink door opening?
Is it big enough for an eleven year old girl?
Does the air bed come with it?
Is the material of this product contain UV protection? I can't find it in the description so I'm guessing no??
Is this treated with SPF?
Does this have places where you could use tent stakes to secure it to the ground??
Like all the questions before me, I'm wondering if the tent will fit a FULL sized bed????
Can you use your own fitted sheet with this
Dose it have to used on a bed or can it be used on the floor?
What material is this made of and is it washable? Some reviewers have mentioned a nasty smell, so I'd like to be able to wash it before use.
Can this be used on the floor in a classroom at school?
Is it actually a full size
I'm wondering if the bottom sheet that comes with it will fit a deep/pillow top mattress. Anyone have experience with this?
Where can I get a replacement tent pole?
I need to know if the matress is included in the shipping and price
can you somehow use this on a queen size bed?
best age for this kit?
does it come with directions
Curious why I paid $50 for this last night but it is now $38?
dose it woork
The kit directions state to use a green &amp; orange ball for one of the tricks. neither was included in the kit. Did anyone else get 2 colored balls?
Does this kit include a disappearing or fake thumb trick?
would this be a good gift for a twelve yr old/
does this kit have the disppearing card case
Does this set come with a hat or cape?
The instructions and video come in Spanish
Do these work on a stainless steel fridge?
How many total pieces of letters n alphabets in both boxes please let me know detail?
Is this set made in America? I see that on the separate sets, the letters are made in the USA, but the number set is made in china.
Is the entire back of the letter a magnet, or is it just a small magnet glued on?
How big are they?
Will these stick to an easel?
How many letter and how many numbers per set thanks
how tall/wide are these magnets...amazon gives no such information. thanks to anyone who knows....
are the balls soft/rubber or hard
I have a 10 months baby... you'll you recommend these to babies less than a year??
Product description says they are foam, but in picture and comments from customers, it seems they are inflatable rubber???
Can you dribble this basketball?
Are they sized like real,sports ball?
Do they bounce? I saw them at toysrus but they seemed really soft.
How come it is advertised as made in USA, but on the box it says Made in China?
I would like to know how wide this paper is? Sue
What is the length of EACH roll? So does this 3-pack contain three 25' rolls to total 75'??
No further answers needed, please. Thanks.
I purchased some paper at xmas time and it went to an old address. I was able to get the original back. Need to pay for the first second paper sent.
How tall are these dolls?
Can these dolls stand on their own? Can they sit in a chair? (and stay sitting without falling out?)
what are the sizes of the dolls
birth
What type of pump is necessary for inflation? How easy is it to set-up?
can not get the plugs to stay in after it has been inflated
approximately how many gallons of water does it hold?
Varying answers - does this pool model have a drain plug, or not?
Does it have a drain plug? Looked for that option, maybe I overlooked it?
Is the bottom inflatable too?
does the pool pump come with the hoses it needs?
Why is my Intex Pool Deflating? Everything is clicked and locked tight and there are no leaks anywhere, not even at the seams? I am at loss! HELP!
dose it stay inflated ?
Actual amount of stickers? For anyone that has actually bought this, does this include 5100 stickers?
I can't tell from the picture, but the title says SuperShapes. Are there stickers in actual shapes, like square, triangle, circle, etc?
What is the actual size (diameter) of these stickers?
Are they made in China? Thanks
How many sheets are there? I am looking to create goody bags.
is this case tapered or straight on the sides? it looks tapered but hard to know for.sure.
Does it fit a formula 1 1:18 diecast car
Hello, I am having trouble identifying the dimensions of this display case, could you please let me know what they are? Thanks.
what is the dimension?
About how big is this?
how fast is it and how long is the run time
What is the amp of the battery?
what are the dimensions of the boat and the operationg frequency for the transmitter and receiver?
What is the range?
What colors are there?
are the colors evenly distributed?
will these roll like dice?
are these megnatic cube
Are these the cubic centimeters that weight 1 gram?
Would these work for Bingo??
Do you ship in france ?
are these solid foam, solid plastic or hollow plastic cubes?
plastic
Are these cubes interlocking?
What size are the bills?
Can you tell me how many of each bill are included in this package (e.g. 100 of the $1 bills, 50 of the $5 bills, etc.)?
Is this money printed on both sides?
I actually want it smaller, so size sounds good to me. Is it authentic in color?
is it printed on both sides?
What sharpener should I buy that will fit these? (Kid safe) Thanks!
Do pencil stains on clothing wash off easily?
How long are they? Are they half-size? Thanks.
sharpen
Does this 2 pack come with plastic tray cover as other dress up sets do? One reviewer said no. Other individual sets, however, do have a lid. Thanks!
what is the age for this toy?
Are they always the dolls pictured or a random assortment?
Are these individually wrapped?
are these wrapped individually that you could give as 2 seperate gifts?
What is height of the tallest piece??
Why is the recommended age 6YO? Are they not sturdy (enough for a 3YO?)
Does the mattress and pillow seperate from the bed?
Hello, correctly its weight: 8.6 pounds, or this mistake?
Is this furniture big enough for Barbie dolls?
is the furniture all put together ready to go or is assembly required?
Are the blocks covered with cloth,or something that a toddler couldn't bite off
Have you use it outdoor and how was the experience?
how tall is the wagon with the handle? to clarify my previous question
how tall is the wagon?
are the wheels plastic or rubber
Would this work well outdoors or on a lawn?
What ages is this intended for?
What are the dimensions of the box the toy is packed in?
People are commenting that the roof is too short. Is the roof removable?
I noticed people commenting on the fact that their kids couldn't stand up under the roof. What is the height from ground to roof?
How long is the slide (inches)?
Can it be used without the stairs (for my dogs)? If I removed the stairs, it would not interfere with the stability of the whole unit? Thanks! Linda
Can you actual see out the scope ?
What is the shipping dimension?
By the size, do you think would be possible to accommodate the parts into 2 big luggage so I might dispatch it for an internacional air travel?
What are the outside dimensions when assembled?
how big is it?
Would this dog be proper as a way to model hand made coats and sweaters for dachshunds? If not, does anyone know of one that would be? Thank you.
I want to buy dog outfits for it. How long is it's back, not including the head?
What color is it? It looked brown, and I ordered it. But the one that arrived is black.
What is the neck circumference on this? I'm looking for a display for my doggie accessories...
How deep is the desk with it set up as an easel? How deep is the desk with the desktop down as a desk?
What age and height is this desk for
does it include the seat?
Is there a replacement part for dryerase board?
Does is come with the bins?
any hints on how to get the easel in place? I am having a very difficult time getting the easel fit inside the holes even though I am putting in the long end first. It doesn't seem wide enough to push in the short end. Help
does this come apart and store easy?
how far does it go beyond the track? how big of a yard do you need?
How tall can the kids be? My two grandchildren, boys are tall for their age. Almost 4 and over 5. Thanks
How does this differ from the gray track? It is about $200 cheaper but both say 9ft of track.
Can I get the shipping box dimensions?
I bought this used and it didn't come with the bolts and manual only gives the length of the bolts/screws, not the width. Anyone know the dimensions?
Looking @ regular coaster and this one. My son is only 15 mo - possible to use with close supervision?and get many years of use vs smaller version?
If you leave this outside does it damage the grass? Do you move it to mow the yard?
Taken apart would this fit in a Camry with only the driver in the car?
Does it have to be up against a wall or fence? Or can it be out in the open?
the size of each one in the set?
THE SIZE OF EACH ONE?
what size is this product?
Is the enitre thing magnetic? Can I put it on the refrigerator?
can i buy replacement magnets?
is this really only a foot by 15 inches? too small for a classroom then...?
is it possible to get a pink one. i just ordered one
Where is the year located????????
Forgive my ignorance, but I just placed and order and have to idea how to email you to tell you what color deck I need.
Hello. Is it possible to choose the back color? Why is it red or blue? I need the blue ones. Please let me know. Thanks!
Can you choose which force card you receive? I've already got the red Jack of Diamonds and the blue Queen of Clubs
Is the King of Hearts one of the available force cards?
what is needed to launch the rocket that i intend to purchase?
I just assembled this kit. It wont launch. Do I need to do something special?
Could I take this engine oversea?
will this engine fit on the riptide
how fast do they ship?
What is the difference between single stage and dual stage motors?
I like to know the dimmensions of this C-6 engine, it&Acirc;&acute;s 18mmx7mm?
what kind of engine does it take
Does this come with igniters and plugs - sealed in the original packaging. Thanks
What is the difference between single stage and dual stage motors?
What is the difference between single stage and dual stage motors?
What is the difference between the different models B4-2, B4-4, B6-2, B6-4, C6-5?
What card decks does it contain?
I'm thinking of purchasing some variations of Ungame. Does anyone knows how much overlap there is between variations?
therapy
How do you win?
Does this presume Christian viewpoints?
Does this presume Christian viewpoints?
Would this help abused women w/ very low self esteem? Don't want to make things worse w/ them.
Is the mannequin barbie doll dress size?
What age ranch is this item for? I have different ages I need to buy for. From 4=12. thank you
would this be a good kit to use with a beginner sewing machine for a 11yr old girl who's very crafty?
Will the dresses fit a Barbie?
How much can a kid do with this if they don't know how to sew?
My daughter is only 7 -- would this be too challenging? She was so very interested in it...
Will the clothes for american girl dolls?
nina
WHat all does the kit have?
are there wheels for easy moving
Does it come with a ball
Does the basketball hoop rust over time?
Does the pole stay stationary or does it turn (where the basketball would end up backwards)?
can you dunk on this rim without breaking?
I live in NY --- does anyone cover it when not in use?
I need to know the depth of the base they list the base as 40W x 24L x 10H am I correct in thinking 24 is the depth it looks that way in the picture
Have you noticed any rust?
What is the size difference between this and the Junior Dunnrite? Is the hoop for a mini basketball?
What is the shipping size and weight?
replacement parts for Disney toys: Does anyone know where I can purchase a magic wand for my granddaughters Disney princess Enchanted Vanity?
Princesses don't show up ... help!? Does anyone know where I can purchase a magic wand for my granddaughters Disney princess Enchanted Vanity?
Does this have the magical mirror on it where u can use the wand and the princesses pop up on the mirror??
Does the mirror reflect at all? or just the princesses? I am curious if a child can see their reflection too?
can it fit an ecxtorment
for 1/16?
will this fit a first gen tmax 3.3?
How fast does it go
is it the whole truck
is it truck or just a clear body
Is the body clear ir is it painted? Is there a lot of trimming around base or is it cut and just needing post holes?
If it is only one panel and it says it is 32 s/f than the picture shows four lengths that could be 8 ft tall so 4X8=32 and they are draped on the floo
how many panels/canopy's do I need to purchase for it to look like the picture?
would it work with 4 people holding it not hooked into ceiling at all
Does this product come with the loops, or attachments use to install it into the ceiling? Or is it just sheer fabric that I purchased?
I want to get this for my indoor wedding November 15th but i wanted to know how do the hooks or loops hook into the ceiling securely?
how tall is the material when hanging? my church has pretty high ceilings so I want to make sure before I purchase
is the height of the legs adjustable for a lower ceiling?
can it be used for an outdoor wedding?
is this a free standing canopy or does it have to be attached to the ceiling
How do the long vertical parts of this stay up?
is the canopy freestanding ?
Is it just the canopy or does it include the balloons, happy birthday signs and paper balloon banner?
Is the rainbow lantern attached to the happy birthday banner
How long (how many feet) are the long vertical parts when stretched out?
Is this item includes everything which shows in picture? Pls let me know asap
I'm confused the product dimensions says its 27.5 x 6.5 x 1 inches but then the answers say 30ft long. Which one is it?
Do you think it could be used as a tablecloth for a dessert table?
Is this thin enough to wrap boxes with? I want to make little brick boxes like in the super mario video game and this is much cheaper than paper.
Need a 9 3/4 platform for Harry Potter party. Plan to cut it and hang on front door so can "go through" like in the movie. Any thoughts on this?
Do you recommend using tacks or two sided tape to install? Or is there another option?
Hi! Just wondering what the dimensions of the "brick wall" roll is?
what material is it made out of? paper; plastic; carboard ?
Can you write on it with a marker?
Is it made of paper or plastic?
what are the measurements for the brick wall?
will this fit in a 1/10 scale nitro buggy
how can i fit this in a t-maxx?
will it fit an old school traxxas rustler?
Hello, deliver you in France ? Thank you.
Wich engine mount could I use with a RS4 3 EVO?... the HPI are discontinued and I cant&acute;t find anything in the internet.
Are these erasable?
Your title says 30 count twistables, case of 24- does this really mean it is a total of 720 twistable colored pencils?
Are any of these varigated?
Are these refillable?
Where are these made?
ok why does the product information say batteries required?
When these puzzles are put together, are they the same size as the individual puzzles?
is this a floor puzzle?
age range
Do tents have the FLOOR? It looks from the picture that they do, but one of reviews says that they don't. Please clarify.
What are the dimensions of this set when it is fully assembled?
will balls stay inside the tents/are the barriers high enough?
is there a way to replace one of the three pieces of this set? My husband broke the tent with the bottom, and I would like to buy a replacement.
How to connect the tunnel perfectly with the tents? what is the use of the metal hooks provided?
Are there poles or is it truly a "pop-up" tent?
can you fill up an air swimmer? and if so how many times
is this come with the balloons?
Is this the 14.9 Cubic Foot tank?
where do you dispose of it?
How long will it take to ship to Maryland? I need the tank by 9/18.
Can we get this cylinder refilled?
does the tank come filled with helium?
is this pure helium or some kind of mixture of gasses?
Is this 100% helium or 50/50%?
How many ballon can you blow up with this tank
Does this come with the table skirt?
can i use it like a bar
how do it fit onto the table?
is it packed in a box? or it is fixed structure cannot be seperated? if it can be combined, what is the size of the packing box? thanks
Does the top come with flowers?
what size table to you need for this
What is the diameter of the board ? Thanks for answering
how big is the board?
where is this made?
Can I just order the pegs? I am missing a few pieces
What size is the largest board you carry? Need a very large one for a club.
What size is it?
Do you have any trouble knowing which section you're supposed to reach? Are there possibly colors on the board itself to mark your destination?
what is the diameter of this board?
I have this board but am missing some of the pegs. where do I get replacement pegs ??
what is the diameter of the board?
Would a 2 year old enjoy this? We have a Little Tikes mower (outdoors) and I'm looking for something to replace it for inside...
how does this toy perform on carpert?
how tall is this toy?
Would this toy scratch hard wood floors?
Does this toy require assembly? I recently bought one and it does not have balls inside of it. Is mine defective?
Where is puzzle made is it lead free
Are the puzzle pieces individual states, except for some of the small new england states? Too many of the states puzzles have puzzle pieces with no relationship to the states.
dimentions?
does it have a wooden backing
Age level?
hello looking to get a puzzle of the US for my 5 yr old grandson. Is this one the best choice? Hoping for the capitals and maybe also some facts.
It says all the states are individual pieces, but there are only 45 pieces and there are 50 states - which is it?
Are the board &amp; pieces made of wood or pressed board?
Are the puzzle board &amp; pieces made of wood?
Does each piece have a wooden peg to lift it out?
Will this work with MAC?? Aerofly RC7??? and specktrum DX5e??
will this work with windows 8.1
Anyone having issues connecting this cable to phoenix 4? I'm using a Spektrum DX4e and phoenix just doesn't find it... Anyone can help?
Will this work for a Dx5e on Windows 7?
Would this work on a Mac running VMWare using Windows 7?
Can i use this cable on my mac for the software "aerofly pro deluxe".
is this cable compatible for spektrum dx6i, im planing to improve flight skills with the phoenix 4.0 and the dx6i.
dx6i
I know it says it will not work with Windows Vista, but will it work with Windows 7 64bit?
Hi works with spektrum tx dx4e?
Sorry, this question was for this product and asked of another: Can more than one child play with this at a time?
Does this set upgrade snap circuits junior?
can I buy board to go with this upgrade since I don't have junior set
Do I need the sc-100 kit to use the sc-300 kit?
We have experiments 1-101, which upgrade is next?
Do you have to have the Snap Circuits Jr. SC-100 first?
Bought Snap Circuits Jr,son loves it but one of the clear pieces broke. Would this kit work to replace the broken part &amp; still be an upgrade to SC300?
one reviewer mentioned that the upgrade does not have the how and why of each project like the 100 set does. Is that correct?
Has anyone used these like a magician/ninja bomb? I need to make someone "disappear" on stage, but can not use pyrotechnics.
how much weight is required to make these work if stepped on ? am I trying to deter pigeons on my balcony
how many do you get
Can you get these to explode if you step on them?
How big is it?
How loud are they?
sparkels for children
charging/ unoboing question: how long should you charge him for the first charge...... also does he have to get plugged into the computer?
is this the new one that can get to cold or hot stuff like that?
WHY DID JEFF BEZOS RUINED MY KIDS CHRISTMAS TELL HIM ! post here
Too much money.. Color Camera?? Why the big price hike?
I would love to know how I would buy replacement parts for the girls roaring rocker. Headlilght &amp; Mirrors. can someone help me?
Hello, can you tell me please the dimensions of the box when packed? Thank you
I ordered this rocker but the button to push to make the Harley sound doesn't work...(we replaced batteries and still doesn't work)...how can I get it replaced...thank you!
were can u get this
is it the same as the gray wolf?
Does it come with a secret code?
were can u get this
Could an 8 year old wear this on his wrist?
Does this tangle break apart and reattach ?
is it suitable for a 6 year old with autism
Can a bottle or pacifier fit in mouth or is the mouth closed?
Do the eyes open and close?
My daughter's doll's body is getting very dirty. How did you clean yours? Hand wash and wring with gentle soap? I'm loathe to put her in the washer.
does the doll . eat
can the doll sit easily
Does this doll come in the original box or a plastic bag from Amazon?
how long is this doll
Does the soft fluffy sleeper and hood come off the doll or is that part of the construction of the doll?
Where is the doll made?
Is the doll new and in the box?
Would this be an appropriate gift for a 2 year old?
Can you remove the clothes?
Does it come in the original box?
Do the eyes open and close?
what color are her eyes/hair?
Is it made in China?
Do it's eyes open and shut?
Where was it made?
My granddaughters Baby Cuddles Hand was chewed by the dog ... any options for repair?
do eyes open and close?
My granddaughter likes to change her babies' diapers. Can she do that with this doll?
Does it come in a Madam Alexander box?
What is the diameter of the ring? I need 3-3 1/2" diameter.
could you please tell me if the "bearington bears" green sticker shown on the wooden base comes off?
What is the minimum and maximum adjustable height of the stand itself?
Should I get the set of 30 or the set of 15, I'm a beginner artist and I am just starting out?
Can use for painting face?
Does anyone have a list of the colors in the set of 30?
How do you set the color when using them for fabric? Quilts are eventually washed and I wondered if the colors held up?
Are these the same as the Neocolor II WAX pastels?
How do I remove turf grass? Even after washing, there's hundreds of pieces still stuck on the pants!
Are the sizes listed adult sizes or youth sizes?
how do i tell if its Adult or Youth? it only says the Following Small Medium Large Xlarge
My 13 yr old son is 5' 9" and growing! He has a slim build. Anyone have a suggestion on a size? I was thinking Adult Med based on other users.
Do these have pockets? Or do pants like these ever have pockets?
what size should i get im 6'1 and have waist that is 31 inches inseam 34
I&Acirc;&acute;m 6&Acirc;&acute;23&Acirc;&acute;&Acirc;&acute; tall, what size would work fine for me?
My son is goalkeeper weighs 134 pounds and measures 5.24ft , I wonder if the small size adult would serve him ? Thank you very much for your help
my son is size 30w x 30l size s will be good?
what size for me? should I go youth sizes? I am 5'6'' - 167 cm - male
How do I remove turf grass? Even after washing, there's hundreds of pieces still stuck on the pants!
Are the sizes listed adult sizes or youth sizes?
how do i tell if its Adult or Youth? it only says the Following Small Medium Large Xlarge
My 13 yr old son is 5' 9" and growing! He has a slim build. Anyone have a suggestion on a size? I was thinking Adult Med based on other users.
Do these have pockets? Or do pants like these ever have pockets?
what size should i get im 6'1 and have waist that is 31 inches inseam 34
I&Acirc;&acute;m 6&Acirc;&acute;23&Acirc;&acute;&Acirc;&acute; tall, what size would work fine for me?
My son is goalkeeper weighs 134 pounds and measures 5.24ft , I wonder if the small size adult would serve him ? Thank you very much for your help
my son is size 30w x 30l size s will be good?
what size for me? should I go youth sizes? I am 5'6'' - 167 cm - male
steel strings?
My grandson is only 2years old, so I'm wondering if this would be too big for him. He loves playing with grandpas guitar.
I got this for my grandson, and apparently it goes out of tune very fast. Any solutions?
does it come with the strap
what about a small twelve year old
What is the length of this guitar ?
Does it have a truss rod to adjust the action?
it guitar needs to be tuned how does someone tune it? I am getting for my grandson but I have no way of knowing how to do this.
Where can I get replacement strings
need to buy it for my left handed daughter, what do i do?
The item says it is white but the description says it is sky blue - what color is it?
What is the length of this strip - and can it only be attached by screws - or would a velcro tape work? - Thank you
Could you place matchbox cars on the strips and will they hold?
I am looking to place this on a wall that has a slight curve...Is it somewhat flexible (like a ruler) that it could me mounted with a curve?
Is it 3 inches by 3 inches ?
Will kids' cars stick to it? (Like matchbox cars)
Is this just a piece of metal that magnets can stick to, or is this an actual magnet? I want to stick knives to it, will it hold them?
will it self-stick to metal (like the backside of a bathroom cabinet mirror without hardware to mount it? thanks
Do you have latex free assorted color twisting animal balloons
i need latex free ballons for water ball balloons, where can i get them
Are these balloons latex free?
Is a building plate necessary for using the beginner Duply sets? It always seems to be a separate purchase..
where is this product made?
where is this product made?
How big are these blocks? Like actual dimensions. I have a set already and am looking to add to it. Can't tell if these are the right size or not.
How many gallons of water does this hold?
Hello, I purchsed a few of these pools recently and I want to use one for a ball pit. For those of you who use this pool as a ball pit how many balls do you think I need to purchase?
I don't have a bathtub but have a larger shower area. Would this pool be good in the shower for the grandkids?
how many kids can fit in it and play
I would like to use this as a ball pit with a slide. I have 200 balls and want to know if my son would be able to slide into it with enough room?
What are the dimensions of the packaging box when shipped?
is this good for a 4 n 8 years old, what kind of material made it, is it good for grass? Thanks
i would like to use this as a dino dig sand pit, would it be too big? we are using it in a park?can't seem to find those old school hard plastic pool
What are the dimensions of the pool? Diameter? Height?
what is the diameter of the inside of the pool (where water is) when it's inflated?
Does set come with xtra queens?
are the chess pieces wood or plastic
are these piceces wighted ?? i know they said that but i want to make sure
I will need to open and close the set on a daily basis as I live in an apartment and have no room to leave it displayed. Will it handle daily opening?
Is it magnetic
What type of wood is the chess and chess pieces made of ?
where do you store the pieces
Are the chess pieces triple-weighted? If not,which of your sets are triple-weighted?
Do the hinges get in the way of the bord laying flat when opened?
how large is size of pieces and size of board
Is this a good size for a diaper bag, or too big?
I notice some reviews about paint chips. has anyone else experienced this?
is it hand painted and is it from the us
are all the pieces made of wood? Is paint water based?
the dimentions
do the section cups attach well to a high chair?
Can the suction cups be removed?
Is this made in america
where was this made? china?
what age is this recommended for?
The color says "brown" but shows a honey/natural color. Is this "brown" the light natural wood color or is it brown like Espresso color?
Is there a step for the kid to get up himself or do you have to lift him into the helper?
In all the images I've seen there appears to be only one screw holding each foot in place. Do they swivel or get loose without a second screw?
What is the weight limit?
Does it fold flat for storage?
Is it plywood?
Can you adjust the height of the platform?
How high is the highest platform setting (i.e. what is the distance from the floor to the platform)? Thanks in advance!
How high off the floor would the highest setting for platform be?
just wondering how sturdy are the bumper cars? and would it be an ideal gift for my 8 year old granson?
How many batteries does it take?
Are the black/red and black/silver better made and work better than the orange and blue?
work on tile?
The cars are on the same frequency, so one remote controls both cars. Is there really a way to get them to bump each other or for 2 kids to play?
Is the "frustration free" packaging a plain brown box? Quite a disapointment
batterys what kind
Are these made in the USA...quality sounds dubious
do the men fioat and can they go on water
do the guys flot
Having trouble getting the steam to work. We've added a few more drops of the oil, to not much avail (only a small initial puff). Any suggestions?
steam
while this is not a lioncheif train will it work on a lioncheif track or do i need a separate track for this one?
how do you get the warranty for the train? through registration? anyone know when the clock starts?
Is it an O 27 gauge?
I'm interested in the Lionel Harry Potter Hogwarts Express Train Set - O-Gauge but before I purchase it I need to know what the radius and outside dim
Is this Hogwarts express only supposed to whistle or is it supposed to have a bell to? Mt cars seen connecting correctly either. The plastic connector
Is this train set made in die cast metal? Or is it made from plastic?
track diameter
Do you ship to the u.k.?
I have bought a Lionel Polar Express Train Set - G-Gauge. Do these tracks work with the tracks that came with the train? The ends don't look the same.
will these tracks work with frosty snowman and coca cola holiday trains
Do these tracks allow the main set to curve into a figure 8?
does this track work with Bachmann trains?
We bought an Echo Classic rail train set years and years ago. Will this track work with that train if I completely replace the Echo trac with this?
Also does Lionel match with EXTEC?
The description is a track PACK&gt; how many in a pack?
Does this track work with the Polar Express train?
how can I make it wireless for my win 8.1 PC?
Does it come preloaded with games or need to be purchased separately?
What's the dimensions? Thanks.
Does it work with the original Xbox, or does it need an adapter, and what kind of adapter does it use? Thanks :)
Size
the picture is of a 2011 card. Is this a 2013 card?
the picture is of a 2011 card. Is this a 2013 card?
when do the 2014 cards come out?
what is the size of the large card?
I think I am purchasing the 2015 cards to arrive middle of April 2015, however description says "2011 edition." What does that mean?
Is this for 2015? The picture is of the 2014 card and the description says 2011 edition?
If you buy your scorecard on Amazon, can you still join the National Mahjong League? If you purchase it from them, you are automatically a member.
i am a beginner,never played the game before, please advise what type of scorecards i need to buy????
is it needed and will it fit the traxxas E-revo mini?
will this fit on a rustler vxl?
will this work on bandit vxl
Can I put this on a summit?
dose this item work with traxxas t-maxx 3.3 4wd nitro?
Can you put in traxxas slash 2wd?
How does it work... like what powers the fan? Is it a separate battery or does it use the battery powering the truck?
is this part good for the mini E-revo
does this work on a trAXXAS 1/10 2WD VXL
Does this wok on e maxx brushed /how can I tell if its vxl?
Are these front or rear for two wheel drive Rustler VLX? There IS a difference and you didn't specify which these are.
this is for electric rustler ?
Is it really good on the street or in other words would you reccomend them or buy them again
Hi, will I need diff oil for this differential?
Does this come with all the parts I need to build a planetary gearbox, or do I also need to buy a housing with internal gear?
Hi, I have a Dodge Grand Caravan 93 AT, this planetary is complatible? Regards Ariel
What are the pros and cons for "locking" the differential and if I wanted to, how would I do this?
What is the Hex?
are these good off road or grass tires
is it 4 tires
What is the inside diameter I am trying to find tires that would fit a 63 mm rim. Any suggestions?
Does this just come with two tires? Would these fit on a 1/10 scale traxxas rally?
would they fit a slash 2wd?
If I want to replace my Bandit XL-5 titan 550 motor with this one, will it work? Will I need to replace additional parts? (like pinion gear? battery)
Would this work in an E-Maxx?
Are the wires already on it or will have to use the wires from my motor?
does more kv equal more power
Can this be swapped out/upgraded for the original Velineon 380 that is in the Summit VXL 1/16?
is it the whole system?
Will the stock electronic speed control on my slasher work with this brushless motor, knowing the stock slash came with a brushed motor?
Is there a heatsink or fan that fits on this motor when installed on a Rustler VXL?
can you put this motor in a traxxas rustler that isnt a vxl
Good for clay prosthetic molding too?
odd question, but can u pick locks with these?
Anyone using these successfully on moldable plastic, e.g InstaMorph or Shapelock?
Odd question, but would one of these tools fit inside a lipstick tube? I want to depot my lipsticks into a palette and I need a tool that can scrape out the remaining lipstick in the tubes.
Are they rust resistant?
Has anyone tried using these on leather? Wondering if it would be strong enough to do leather carving or molding
Would these be good for scratchboard art? Are the edges sharp at all?
Could these be used to carve in plaster? Are the tools hard and stiff or would they bend if dragged across that type of surface?
What are these made of (what metals, etc. and why the CA prop 65)?
Would these work for soap carving?
Anybody build project 515 with this? How did it go?
which kit is this-512 or 513 or 514
Is it possible to buy this kit but only assemble part of it for swings until my daughter is ready for everything
average cost of lumber for project?
planning 4x8 layout . with 4 remote switches and trestle. how many power packs do i need to keep train moving steady
any sound
Can you mix with HO products from other manufacturers (Bachmann)? I'm guessing you cannot mix the tracks but what about the freight cars, etc.?
Are the locomotive and freight cars die-cast or made of plastic?
Can this train set be added to &amp; have more tracks &amp; more trains hooked to it
Do these cards have 3 jokers per deck?
What size are the cards?
Do these cards have jokers?
Are these cards normal size but large print?
Does jumbo mean the numbers are larger than standard?
Are there three blue decks and three red decks?
Are these 3 1/2 by 2 1/2?
Are these 3 1/2 by 2 1/2?
Hi all. Cany anyone tell me if each of these 6 decks comes in its own box? Also, are they made in the USA?
are they plastic
Does it come in the Underground box
Is this the international re-release?
So... My Master's Screwdrivers spring loaded feature has exploded out the back end. Has anyone else experienced this? And if so, how do I fix it?
What's it made of?
Is this sonic screwdriver in the original packaging or did they remake it like the other sonic screwdrivers? original packaging is almost completely orange with the 9th/10th doctor's symbol while the remake might be in a blue package, using the 11th...
Is this a laser pointer also?
is there a metal one on this site somewhere?
can you activate it in closed mode?
is it a laser pointer?
how big is this?
Tea Set for Boys: Is it acceptable to give a tea set or kitchen set to a boy?
what are the dimensions, please?
What number recycle code are these?
Can the tea set be used with liquids? We currently have a set that has holes at the bottom of the cups and the teapot is only pretend no liquids.
Is the pump the exact same pump as in the picture?
Is this pump made by Qualatex?
What am I doing wrong? I use the pump on balloons and if I stop for a second all the air escapes out the back of the pump
Can I use this to inflate a baby pool?
Can I use this for inflating Mylar balloons.
Does this result in air balloons (balloons that will float in the air) or balloons that stay on the ground?
Does this only work on the thin balloons for making animals or will it work on the 5", 9", 11" balloons as well?
size of the product
Is this a key board or a chart?
What is the size of the poster?
Is this a real keyboard or a picture of one for teaching
If the light goes out in this, what model is the bulb so I can reorder?
what size batteries
What does is the mode switch supposed to do? There doesn't seem to be any difference between the two modes for me. Maybe mine is defective...
What kind of adapter works with this product?
how much does it weight?
Does this stay lit longer than 10 minutes if it's plugged in with an AC adapter?
My 3 year old dropped or threw our Rainbow in My Room and it stopped working. Any ideas what might have happened or what we can do?
New batteries, pressing on/off button &amp; see nothing. I'm assuming ours arrived broken. Any other suggestions?
Hi there... is this the same version you provide to Toys R Us? They're selling it for $15.99. $19.99 regular price. Thanks!
Does this come with ac adapter
Could you by chance check the tag to see what the Ty cobbler cats birthday is its normally on the heart tag please my 7 year old wants to know thanks
How big is it?
What is the size of it? How long is it?
Is it machine washable?
Is the cat's nose hard plastic or sewn with thread?
I can not figure out how to change the batteries on this caboose. Anyone know the secret?
Is this caboose compatible with the small thomas train wooden railway set? It says it is more than 6 inches tall, Thomas is 3 inches maybe
what size battery does it require?
The music is not working. What type of battery does it take?
Does this diary open flat to write in?
What age is appropriate age ?
are the pages blank or lined?
are the pages blank or lined?
What size is this diary?
What age group is it for?
The game suggests a max of 5 players - can it be planned with more and still be fun?
would this game be playable and enjoyable for 2 players instead of 3?
Is this game Canadian?
What age group is this for?
does it work
Could I use this like one of those heart defibrillators? I'm trying to save some money...
Does it work good and does it last long?
how does it work like how can you prank a friend
does it work as a pen
what kind of batteries does it use?
Can I use this to execute a small rodent?
Do the helmets each come with their own gumball capsule or case included with the purchase? Thanks!
Can I purchase a dozen or more of just the Seattle Seahawk's helmets?
Does this contain a helmet for each team? Would like a comment from the seller to verify. Thanks.
are these erasers?
Is it possible to get just two teams ?
What size capsule do they fit in
can i just buy one team? Steelers is the only one i want.
do you have anything like this but larger , i am trying to decorate a display for super bowl food
can you buy the helmet sticker in this small size in sheets for applying to fishing rods ?
Do they come with the 2 inch capsules. We have the vending machine, just looking for the capsules also for these?
about how big are the people and animals?
Is Baby Jesus separate from the manger?
How many pieces are in this set?
Where is this made?
My 3 yr old and 1 yr old would like this; but my 1 yr old still puts things in mouth. What are pcs made of exactly? Not in USA assuming?
Where is this set manufactured?
What are all the pieces in this set?
what are the figures made of?
Does this set come with a story book?
What is this set made out of?
For talking toy Jesus, does it come with replaceable batteries with screw on back? What actor's voice was used to program it?
how tall is this toy? does it talk?
What is the manufacturers suggested age?
can you turn off the sound?
does it have a back light
How large is the display screen?
Can you turn the sound up to make it loader? For the one we received the sound is very difficult to hear.
does it have a timer
Is the screen lighted
are the buttons labeled, i.e. "Undo" or "Highest Score" , etc.
i got this game for my friend and she says she can't win. is it supposed to be that hard?
Hi,I orders the Mega Screen Solitaire for my mother and it does not light up.
What are the overall dimensions?
what is the warrantee period ?
Is the screen backlighted? Thanks!
Does it keep a running score? One person here said no but someone else at Walmart (for exact same game) said it does. Which is it?
i'd like to know the measurements of the game itself ?
Where are the directions?
Dimensions of the screen?
how big is it?
Does this game have a two player option?
Does this device include Texas Holdem?
Dimensions?
what are the questions
Does this game still work when there are only lesbian couples playing, or do some of the questions assume straight couples?
Wouldn't it be easy to recognize the other players' handwriting after a while? Seems like a fatal flaw.
Are all the questions sex-related, or is there stuff about drinking or whatnot? That's what I've seen in other "adult" games.
tell me a bunch of sample questions
how sturdy is this? i am planning on putting it up for outside play
how easy is this to take down and store for the next time?
Roll up window in door? What kind of door does it have? Does it have a floor? What keeps the awning poles in place?
is it big inside ?
can you go inside the play cafe
Could you please provide the measures of the package as you ship ? Thanks,
hi, what is the shipping weight?? thanks!! :)
could you use it for a ball pit
I got this tent as a gift but it had no instructions to put it together. How can I get them? I checked the manufacturer website but found nothing.
what are the dimensions of the house part, not counting the awning?
Are these gel sticks washable?
I hate to sound stupid but are gel sticks the same as gelatos? Does brand matter?
Would anyone recommend using this product with canvas board? (My kindergartener loves painting on canvas board.)
Can you use these for background and then use acrylics?
I can't tell from the picture, but does this set come with a black, white and brown?
do you ship gel sticks to australia
I am trying to decide between these and the Faber Castell watercolor crayons for my 6 year old. If anyone has used both, which would you recommend? Th
What is the age group for which this is appropriate?
Is this globe up to date as of 2014? With South Sudan and Kosovo?
On page it says it is on sale for $24.74 but when you go to check out it puts the regular price in?
May I know if Singapore is marked on the globe?
So...do you need some sort of adhesive or not? And how do you get the last piece securely in place? Thank you in advance.
Can you do this puzzle over and over, or is it meant to be done once and then displayed?
Is glue really necessary?
What is the diameter of the globe when it's done? Thanks.
what size are the marbles? I am looking for 1/2" or 12mm
Are these actually round or are they the flat ones that are rounded on top?
how much does the product weigh?
will these work in a firepit. will they take heat?
How many?
Are these really 1in in diameter? That seems quite large.
where can I get an ATM card for the machine? ours got lost
how do I get an ATM card?
How do you open the bank if you accidentally drop the ATM card into the slot and can't retrieve it?
does the money bank accept cash
do you need a real atm card
Does this unit count the currency being inserted? Can it differentiate between various coins and bills?
Hello, you do not deliver to Brazil? I would like to purchase this item. Thanks
how heavy is the item?
How tall is this item?
Where's this item shipped from?
Could a liquid be served in this item?
What's the case like? Is it cardboard or a bit more durable?
could this be used for dishes for the american girl dolls
Is this food-safe? Does it rust?
what is the height and width of the teapot and coffee cups. Also how much liquid does the teapot hold? 8 oz??
size
how big is it?
How big is kitten?
Can I carry a real 5 pound cat in this?
Do you have to suspend it from the ceiling or will it attach to the side of a crib?
Does anyone know what the globes are made of and are they painted or some sort of sticker?
What are the sizes of the globes?
What is the country of origin?
Baby Annabelle pacifier(dummy) Anybody have the same problem?
Newest Baby Annabell Question: Does the newest baby Annabell making sucking motions when she sucks on her pacifier and bottle?
Is this truck tough enough for a three year old boy? Looks like a lot of plastic. Thx.
Where is this toy made?
Is there a hitch on the back to attach a trailer?
Is this appropriate for a 6 year old who loves trucks?
how big is it?
Are wheels attached with strong, steel rods allowing for some heavy duty loads? I remember the old Tonkas were sturdy and long-lasting. Thanks
It says choking hazard....are there small parts? Would a 1 year old be age appropriate?
Does the bucket part of the truck stay down if they push it from behind? My son has one that pops up and hits him in the face when he pushes it, TRASH
Is the dump part metal or plastic?
Are the axles metal or plastic?
Does this plane come already assembled, or is it a kit that has to be put together?
do the wheels close?
What is the wing span
do the wheels spin?
How big is this plane?
What scale is the jet and is this the current livery?
What livery does the airplane really come in?
Are these mini ducks or full sized ducks? Thank you
I need these rubber duckies by July 17. Is that possible?
Hi, If I purchase these today will I receive them by October 17th? I live in Miami, FL. Thank you
I live in Canada - how long does it take to ship?
i need 5 dozen for a graduation party on June 28th, i live in california \
I need five dozen of these ducks for a shower on June 28th...if I order today when will I get them...I live in New York...thanks
Hello - If I order 2 sets of the duckies today when will I receive them? Shipping to Illinois
Are these ducks appropriate for ages 6 months and up?
If I order two (2) dozen today, can I have them by April 15th?
What made you choose this model over the 'ball' dyson?
Does the handle move so an 18-month old could pull the handle down toward herself and push this vacuum if she's not tall enough to reach the upright handle?
how tall is this
Are there any sounds with this model?
the bottom connection for the hose to the dust bin doesn't fit properly, am I missing a part?
Does this toy vacuum stand up on its own?
what color is this purple and red or purple and orange?
does this plug in
does it have brissles?
Can an E-Maxx (3903) with Pro-Line Big Joe 3.8" tires fit this bag? The width of the truck is 17.5"
It this bag waterproof?
will this work with hpi savage 5.9xl
does it fit traxxas slasher ultiumite
Does anyone use this for an Axial Yeti XL 1/8 scale or know if it would fit? (Length: 25.75in (654mm), Width:16.3in (414mm), Height:11.10in (282mm))
Has anyone tried to fit a Summit into this bag? Does it fit? I have this bag (for my E-Maxx) and I am planning on getting Summit.
Does this look realistic enough to put in a jar for permanent display? Would filling the jar partly with blood make it better?
Is it hollow? If so, I'd like to purchase it and put red and blue m&amp;m's in it and give it to my sweetheart for v day. :D
What color is it, without the fake blood? Will it still look somewhat realistic? I want to carry it around in my hand without making a mess.
is it made out of latex?
What are the dimensions of this item?
is it hard? squshable?
Hi, are the washer &amp; the squeggee on the same side so you only have to make one motion? I saw one of the answers that said "you flip", I want to be sure
Does the washer cloth leave lint?
Is it heavy? Looking to get something to make my 90 year old grandma stop climbing on a ladder to wash windows but want to make sure she could manage
wondering if i can use this with a threaded extention ploe i already own. is the handle threaded or does the handle come off to be able to screw a different one on?
Does this work with the Ettore 43009 Extension REA-C-H Pole, 8-Feet ?
has anyone else had a problem with scratches from metal on squeegee??
Does the scrubber interfere or drip on the glass when using the squeegee
I want to use this both inside and outside on jalousie porch windows. Can you see it fitting in the "open" window panes 5" deep x 18" long?
Is there a replacement head for this
does anyone know the longevity of the cleaning pad? Is it standard replacement size to the other ETTORE cleaning pads?
It gives size as 21.5 x13.5 x 21.5. Is the last 21.5 correct dimension? Is that the depth? I'm assuming it is 21.5 length, 13.5 width,
2questions: is crib Wood white? What color is bedding?thanks
is it pink
Does it come assembled?
What is the hight measure?
Will this cradle hold a 20" doll?
Is this cradle solid wood?
does the bedding come with the cradle?
What is the count per carton?
How big are tje nuhs
What is the approximate size of the bugs (length &amp; width)?
what is the container that they come in
Does this track work for the peg Perego Choo Choo Express ride on train?
is this a good fit for the little tikes ride on train?
Does this track match up with the track for Thomas the tank engine?
Q does this track work with the sante fe express made by peg prego?
Does this work with the Thomas peg perego ride-on
Does this work with the Thomas peg perego ride-on
Do these tracks fit the FISHER PRICE Thomas the Train ride on?
Is this track compatible with the Imaginarium ride-on Train?
Does this track work with the peg perego ride on train?
Hi There are two sizes noted one is 4'X25' and the other is 4'X50'. Can you tell me which one is correct? Thanks so much!
Can this be installed as permanent wall covering, if so, what kind of paste?
How much does this product weigh?
just wanted to know what size will I be receiving for 21.99, 4'x25' like it says in the heading or 4'x50' like it says in the description?
Can you see the fissures and processes on this model?
Is the inside of the skill rough and bumpy (like real skulls) or is it just smooth plastic?
Looking at the picture, I'm curious what type of being uses THAT as a skull?
Would this be a good base for a clay bust sculpture, as far as clay sticking to it.
would this be a female or male skull?
does the top of the skull open where you can see more of the parts?
Do you have a picture of the base of the skull? I'd like to see the visibility of the foramen.
how are the smaller foramen? (rotundum, ovale, spinosum, etc)
Does this have weird shaped pieces? I hate those that you can't figure out because the shape might not be the same as the hole.
what size is this puzzle when completed?
Last months puzzle??????????
heighth and width?
will it fold down
how to order missing part for wooden iron board . We ordered wooden iron board from PALUMBA TOYS, MUSIC &amp; ART ( thru Amazon).The product shipped with missing 1 big round part like door knob with thread and also made by wood to keep iron board to stand....
is there an ironing board cover for camden ironing board
Seat height please??!!
What is the weight limit for this rocking zebra?
Does this zebra makes sounds too?
How tall is the seat? By the dimensions given, I'm assuming the head is 28 inches tall and the length is 28 inches, but how high is the seat?
Are the eyes embroidered or plastic?
Is it washable?
How long is Snoopy? &amp; How wide?
Is it made in America
how do I get the stars to light up? I plugged it in&amp; nothing happened! Do I need to let a battery charge up first?
does it come with a US adapter?
I am just want to make sure before purchashing, it the power adapter compatible with US power adapters? Thank you in advance!
The description and reviews indicate that this only turns on in the (very) dark. Where is the light sensor? Can it be blocked to turn it on in a bright environment? I need a globe to demonstrate the celestial sphere, can't be doing that in the dark all...
what are the deminesions?
What is best for 8 and 6 year old boys?
Do these Magformers connect with Magna tiles?
which 62 piece set would you suggest to be better, the designer set with more of a variety of shapes or the one with only 3 shapes?
Do the design templates come with each set?
is the magformers a good toy for a 2 yr with 3 seven year old sisters
Are these solid all the way thru or are they cut out in the middle? Like where you could put your hand thru the middle, inside of the colored part?
Can you build 3d things by adding one block at a time to make the walls on a house for example not just lifting a flat design to become 3d?
How can I disinfect Magformers?
Are these translucent? Would they work well on a light table?
Would this be a good gift for my son's 3rd birthday? Other proven-successful suggestions also welcomed! :)
product information
ages
dimensions
how old are kids
What is on the back side of the stand?
Is this suitable for a kid really selling lemonade on the sidewalk in front of his house?
what are the measures of the box
Does this item come with one base stand and 2 different awnings (1 grocery store, and 1 lemonade stand) or are they 2 totally different items?
What is the counter height?? My son is five and is about 42'' tall. Just wondering if this would be good for his size.
Does this come with any food?
Will this cart navigate on carpet floors?
Pictured are 3 bars hanging down in an around the front wheels (1 between the wheels and one behind eich of the wheels). What are they? Purpose?
Real shopping...can you put a gallon of milk in it and room for a "couple" of more items? Thank you.
I read that it has spring-type wheels not allowing child to lean weight on it. If a child puts things in it at the grocery store will it still roll or does it have to be light things?
a July 2014 review says the wheels are cheap plastic, not rubber as they used to be. has anyone had experience with this issue?
what is the height of cart?
Will this fold so I can put it in the car?
Is it big for a two year old?
What assembly?
Does the red seat say things like, "do not leave child in cart", always buckle child in, "etc?
Does the amp have a place to plug in headphones?
is it a standard 110 volt plugin,
what watt amp comes with it?
- What are the dimensions of this item? is this a real Fender guitar? make in U.S ?how many string? right hand?
what size doll fits into house?
Is it possible to paint the walls and the roof? I am tired of pink and purple...
If I wanted to purchase additional furniture, what size would I need? Any suggestions on specific pieces that worked for you?
How tall are the floors? I have a fisher-price dollhouse, but the furniture is all so cheesy looking. Hoping to use the plainer M &amp; D furniture.
Is this dollhouse comstructed of solid wood? Or of particle board?
How long does it take to assemble the house?
Is assembly required?
Is the partition between the rooms removable?
What weight of this house whith box?
How long is the minute hand?
How big is the little black box that hold the clock mechanism?
How long is the shaft
can I just get the numbers. I need three sets 3/4 inch gold plastic stick on
is it work with 220v??
Is it also battery operated?
Is there a power switch on the base or cord?
Would it make a good 'night light' ?
Does the ball make a high frequency sound when it is turned on? I found an old one in my garage, I like how it looks but the sound is really annoying.
If I touch this and then touch someone else at time time,will they get shocked?
does this ball react to music and sounds
Does this make any noise? I am thinking this would be a neat night light, but am wondering if it makes any noise.
What's the output voltage of the power adapter? I see it's meant to be plugged in to 110v AC. Output of 12v DC would be ideal.
When you touch it with your finger, does only a single bolt follow it or do multiple bolts go out in the direction of the finger?
where is the drain valve, if any, located?
hi i would like to know how deep is it?
Does this pool have any odor when new? My hubby and I are sensitive to smells like perfume and vinyl/plastic.
Could I use this for a ball pit for a 2yr old birthday party indoors?
where can i get a replacement capp for the air intake?
what are the inside dimensions of this pool? how many inches thick are the walls?
I cannot figure out how to inflate this pool the opening is too big for any pump please help!
how big is the packaging box?
Is there a pump included to inflate this pool?
is the floor inflatable?
2 out of the 7 images for this item show an inflatible turtle and whale as well as a ring toss, do those extra items in image come with this product?
do you need a air pump to inflate it? how long would it take to inflate it by mouth?
My husband blew up the pool with a bike pump and after just 2-3 days it was 50% deflated already... is this normal or did i get a bad one??
How do you maintain the pool if you use it on an almost daily basis? Do you add chemicals or do you empty and refill daily?
I have been trying for about 2 hours now to find where you inflate the sides.Please can anyone tell me WHERE it is located!
Does the pool "spray" constantly, or can you turn this feature off without compromising the use of the pool? I have come across some pools where the hose must be attached constantly (thus the spray is constant), otherwise it "deflates". Thank you in...
is this too old for a 2 yr old?
What is the depth of the wading pool, and the small pool?
what s the height of the slide?
what is the depth of this pool? it looks very shallow
how long is it and withed ???
How long is it from butt to nozzle and how wide is it?
How big is the gun
How big is it
does it fit traxxas stampede
Has anyone put in on an Axial Scx-10? Product description says it should fit.
DOES IT COME WITH ANY DECALS?
Will this fit on a Traxxas Rustler?
Does anyone know if this would fit a Team Associated TC3 Nitro car?
What is the Wheel base?
Does it come with remote control
is this fit traxxas stampede 2wd???
is it the holl truck
will this fit a traxxas tmaxx 2.5 ?
Does it come with a radio transmitter
Is it 1.10 scale
is It a full rc car
will this fit an axial scx10
Will it fit a traxus
is it gas
Are these batteries waterproof??
will this battery work with my stock charger that came with my ECX Circuit Stadium Truck or do I have to buy their charger?
Any idea of an easy solution to connect this to a redcat racing banana plug that doesn't require splicing?
will it work with traxxas stampede 4x4 vxl
Will this work in an e revo? Got one the slash 2wd and works fine
Is 20c good enough for my mxl6s emaxx?
Venom-RC states that the battery should be cycled 12 to break it in or for it to reach maximum potential. What voltage should it be discharged to?
does this battery have JST plug?
is this hardcase battery waterproof?
Can i use this battery to replace nimh battery for 1/16 scale HengLong rc tanks?
what frequency does this use?
Is it a enzo or fxx.
how long does it take to charge the battery?
What diameter of the circle?
What is the weight limit on this?
how to inflate
Can a 2 month baby use this float? now 12lb12.3oz
Are the rings removable if we wanted to use only one for a toddler?
What is the difference between 1pack and 2 pack?
can you still close the door when the bar is in place, or do you have to remove it everytime after you use it?
I have an awkward doorframe... how much space behind and in front of this would you need to be able to swing comfortably?
How does the swing attach? I am wondering if I can use swings we already have.
Do you have to screw any part of it in?
Does this have to be mounted in a door frame? Could this be mounted in a hallway with the recommended width requirements met.
How much weight can it hold. Teenagers?
Can the length of the swing ropes be adjusted to be longer or shorter?
what size child fits into the swing?
The product details now say this is 9'X9'X12' (contrary to what some of the other questions describe). Is that an error?
Bouncy houses-- Winter? I wonder if I can blow it up for outside use in the winter?
does it have a plastic mat as a base?
What's the weight limit on it?
Thinking of setting it up next to the pool and sliding on in. Would it work for that? And does it have an additional side entrance?
What is the weight limit n how many kids can bounce at same time?
how long is slide?
whats the size of the box when it ships ?
How loud is the blower? Annoying if used indoors?
Can you set up the house inside on hardwood floors? Carpeting?
I have not purchased the penguin yet, but I'm looking at getting it off of craigslist. How do you blow it up? (is it with your mouth)
what type of batteries and how many does this toy use?
Recommendation on washing this item...
Is this item BPA and lead free? I can't tell from the picture of the box and it is not mentioned in the description.
If older version with 3 batteries poses fire or toxic fumes hazard, shouldn't consumers know that?
So which one is the one with the problems? The 2 battery or the 3 battery seahorse...and is it a problem with both rechargeable and regular batteries?
Is this model that is fire prone?
Is this a good choice for 3 months old?
made in
has anyone ordered the pink option recently and received the 2 battery version?
Is this product the 2 battery or 3 battery seahorse?
Those who purchased recently (Feb or March 2014) did you get a 2 battery version or a 3 battery version?
Recall?
So who do you call to get a refund?
where can I purchase a working stand for it? and what size/type should I get?
How does it compare in size to the Conner and Edward Kenway figures? Does it look out of place when standing next to them?
Would these Assassin's creed neca figures make a good gift for younger fans?
I already have the base game(3-4 players), does this expansion allow for 5-6 players?
Is there any way to know if this will match my current edition base game?
We can't seem to setup the board. It seems as though boarders are missing. How many boarders are there? Help would be appreciated.
If you own the plastic board that holds the original 5-6 person version of Settlers, does the Seafarers expansion work with that?
Can this set stand alone?
We purcahsed Catan Seafarers game but red and yellow dice are missing. How do we get the colered dice?
We bought Settlers of Catan and have the Catan Board Game "Gallery Edition". We cannot set up board. Do we need to buy orig. "Settlers of Catan"?
We can't seem to setup the board. It seems as though boarders are missing. How many boarders are there? Help would be appreciated.
Is their a difference between the 4th Addition Seafarers Expansion and this one?
So, is this the 3rd or 4th edition?
Is this for the original Settlers game?
does this work with 3rd edition? Does this work with the 3rd edition core game?
How many cards does it come with?
Does this work with the Cataan family edition?
I have no idea what edition our game is...how can I tell
Does it take a lot longer to play with the expansion pack and 6 people?
what age group for this game
Can you buy two of these and increase the players to 7-8?
Is this the 4th edition? We have the 4th edition game and I see that they sell the 4th edition expansion, but not sure which one this is. Thanks!
i hate that no one talks about how fast it is like 20,30, or 40mph anyone hello i think they all should have to post the speed of the vehicle i think
When I turn it out it really makes some noises close to beeping, is this normal?
what is the best all around replacement battery for my micro-Desert truck.
is it water proof
how small is it?
does this come with everything you need
how fast does it go
how fast does this car go?
has anyone tried this with the DJI Phantom yet?
Will this work in my CX20
Does the total amp rating of the battery (in this case 80a) have to equal the sum of all your escs (say 4 20a escs for a quad)?
I have a DJI Phantom 1. Someone says it works. Someone says it doesn't. Can anyone shed some light on this please. Thanks.
Will it charge with the Traxxas easy charger?
Fit in quanum nova?
Are any of the plugs that come with this compatible with an XT60 connector?
does it fit phantom FC40?
How much driving time do you think I could get with this battery using a axial yeti?
it works in my hpi flux xs?
Will this battery work with the DJI Phantom? I saw that someone asked about a AR Drone but I don't know if that is the same question. Thank you.
When using this Venom Lipo 5400 20C on Traxxas Stampede or Ruslter does it fit without needing the battery expansion kit?
can this battery be used in a quadcopter? if so wich motors and what ESC(speed controller)
I have heard venom lipos are very bad what do you think
Can this battery pack be used for Stampede XL-5 36054 model
Will this work on the AR.Drone and charge with an AR.Drone E3 balancer (only 3 cells)???
One of the bullet points states "Jet Valve inflates-deflates easily." Does that mean it auto-inflates and deflates?
is this raft safe for kids under 12 that can swim
does anyone know how long and wide float is
how do you close it for storage in the bag? the directions did not work
is this inflatable?
It says a package? Is there more than one raft?
How big is this in the carry bag? Will it fit in my suitcase?
Can you pick your color?
idesign cards will not scan: Is anyone else having this problem or know of a solution?
is this the complete package? like every this is comes with in store?
Barbie iDesign Manual??? Hi all, Does anyone know how to access the "manual" referenced in the instructions leaflet that comes with the barbie idesign?
does this include the cd?your product description is not for this product.
Barbie idesign ultimate stylist manual? Any chance anyone know how to fix this problem?
How tall is this item : Diamond Select Toys Marvel Select: Thor Action Figure?
Does this action figure come off the base
is this for kids or collectable?
what size marbles?
Is it compatible with the original Discovery Toy marble run? I am looking for an add-on set.
Is this compatible with marbulous? What's the diameter of the tube?
Is this set compatible with the Galt Marble Runs? Is this set made by them as it seems unlikely that the company name is "Marble Runs"? http://www.amazon.com/Galt-Toys-Inc-S...
Is this set compatible with the mindware marble run?
Does it have alot of duplicates
are there any enegy cards?
does this have oshawa lunatune and piplup cards in it???
How many cards
what is the highest amount of health
If I buy two, will they both have the same cards?
Will it have at least 1 ful pokemon set (like vinipied whirlipied and whatever the last on is)?
any ex cards in
Is there a guarantee that there won't be duplicates?
Are they all guaranteed to be real Pokemon cards in English and contain no fake printed cards?
How complex is it to slow it down and put it back to normal? The user would be an elderly person with low vision. Do you need to press a lot of buttons?
Does this play audio CDs such as for special needs students wanting to listen to books on CD at a slower reading speed?
Can the display be lightened
Does eveything needed except the ac adapter come with the device. Speakers required?
Some of the reviews said that there are only 10 in the pack - can you confirm how many will come?
Does the package come with a red microphone?
do these just inflate or is there some sound or echo to them?
How many sounds/phrases does it have?
plastic grill
Does it come in a two pack to actually talk to someone else?
How many ounces of liquid do these hold?
What colors did you receive? Is it like the picture - green, yellow, blue and red? Thanks!
How big is the size of the opening of the bucket? Thank you.
Do the shovels come off the handles of the pails?
A sort of similar question - but the pails themselves are 5 inches in height? Plus the handle? Or are they 3 inches, and the handle is 2? Thank you!
Is 5" the height or size of the opening? Thanks
Where are these made?
Are these shorter than standard sized pencils?
Are these washable if they color off the paper onto the table? What is on the outside? Is it painted or natural wood?
Do you think 15 month old can use these color pencils. I am teaching my son to start drawing.
Are these the same height as a standard pencil, or are they short?
Does this doll have a cloth body &amp; do her eyes open &amp; close?
Does this doll have an odor??
is the doll anatomically correct?
Do you think it is ok for 2 years old birthday?
Does the doll make noise when its pressed?
Is the body stuffed or is it plastic like arms and legs? Thanks.
Hi! Does the baby dolls eyes open and close?
is this a kit or a ready to play with car?
is it RC or dicast
how big is it?
Does it come with the engine?
Do you need paint or glue and what color blue is it?
Does the model come painted and if not is the paint included?
is it a remote controlled car or is it like a hot wheels type of car?
Does it come pre put together or do you do that your self
Does the model come with a motor like rb26 that's in the real car
Can you refill the tank?
how many helium tanks do I need 2 fill 100 balloons?
hOW LONG DO THE BALLOONS STAY UP?
What kinds of colors of balloons came with this product? How long did it take to fill the 30 balloons?
I am looking at purchasing 36" balloons. How many 36" balloons would this helium tank fill?
How many balloons does this helium tank fill up?
How many balloons it can support?
I'm looking to fit a rubber hose with a closure at the other end to make it easier to fill the ballons while standing - how wide a hose should I get?
will this work for a weatherballoon?
Can you fill a Mylar balloon with this?
Are these one sided or two sided?
WHAt size are the boards?
are these boards magnetic?
What is the size of the board?
I cant figure out how to blow up the raft portion of this thing! Trying to blow air into the valves is incredibly difficult! Am I missing something??
Do you put the baby in the activity center first and then float it in water or first float the activity center and then put the baby in it?
I have twins that weigh approx. 23 and 25 lbs they are 15 months will this work or are they too heavy?
Is the octopus removable?
is the front piece hard plastic? Maybe this is the octopus everyone is referring to?? I need it to fold flat in luggage.
How small is the carrying case? Will it fit in a standard backpack along with a towel and other beach supplies?
The product description says 13" x 13", but picture looks bigger. What are the actual dimensions when inflated?
Are the babies legs free to kick in this toy? Do they dangle in the water?
Is the canopy adjustable? Can you move the canopy according to the sun? Appreciate feedback, thank you!
My son is quite large at 25 lbs and 10 months, approximately 29 inches long. Will this keep him out of the water? Is he too big?
is the bald cap re-usable?
My daughter with very long hair is Daddy Warbucks in a school play. I need the cap for 3 nights or can you order more of the cap part?
Will this last for multiple days of being on, and is this advisable?
Will it fit property on a 7 5/8" head?
The instructions aren't clear. Do I let each layer of latex dry and then add another on top? Or do I quickly do layer after layer and then let dry?
Could this be made to fit a 6-year-old? And can you "glue" things to it (ie. spikes or horns)?? Thanks!!
Can it cover your ears?
Can you use this if you have a lot of hair? I have pretty long hair, would it look bumpy?
does it come with hair?
Anyone have luck with the DVD? I can't get mine to play on the PC at all but it doesn't appear scratched or anything.
Does this book teach continental or English?
Is everything in this kit made in USA? If not where are they made?
Is this model to scale?
How big is the biggest ball?
Can the balls be painted and if so, what type of paint do you use?
Does this come with any instructions that say what balls are what planets?
Does anyone dip their piece in the jar and let it drip dry?
Is the cleanup with this simply water? Can you reuse your brushes after using them w/this product? How long does it take to dry? Is this waterproof
The instructions say to use an acrylic brush... Are there any affects if I use a natural bristle brush?
Is Triple Thick gloss glaze water based? Can I dilute it with water?
I have tried several glazes that turn tacky in the heat (say, a day when it is 80-85 degrees or so). Is this glaze heat-resistant?
how long it takes to dry?
Is this good for paper beads? How is it compared to Judikins Diamond Glaze and Modgepodge Glaze?
I know that this product is isn't intended for use outdoors, and that it you can clean it with soap &amp;water, but is it water resistant once it dries?
Received a product by Americana, not DecoArt. Product pictured says "non-yellowing" on the jar. Product I received does not. Is it the same product?
Can this be used on paper or cardboard? Will it be OK if I glue something on top of it? Thanks :)
Does clay air dry or how does it hardenm?
How much water and glitter do you put into each globe?
What are the diameters of the domes?
Should you bake the clay before putting into the dome and then glue it to the base? It seems wrong to put sticky, pliable clay inside water.
i have a hole in mine:-):-):-):-)how can i patch it up? does amazon carry.
Can the slide be used without water as well?
what sixe box do i need to store it?
How deep is the splash pool (Where the water builds up) ?
Is a blower included?
how tall is the actual slide not counting the overhead "cover"
Weight limit says 200 lb. Does this mean an adult under 200 lb could go on this slide?
Could I receive this by may 30th?
will this body fit revo 3.3
Will this fit on the Tamiya Blackfoot?
Is a grill decal included?
is it a drivabel rc car
is it a drivabel rc car
will it fit 4x4 slash
How wide(MMs)and long MMs is this body?
Wil it fit a Axial wrath?
Any you guys know if it will fit a G-made R1 rock buggy
will it fit a traxxas stampede
Is this outfit truly American Girl and does it fit the REAL American Girl Dolls?
does it come with skates
Is this by American girl in a American girl box?
Are the skates included? The title states the skates ARE included, but the reviewers are saying skates were not included.
Does this work with regular (glass) marbles?
What are you supposed to do with the small black plastic rods that come with the unit?
What size marbles are compatible with this set?
We love this set but my sons want more pieces. Is it compatible with ANY other brand? Or do I just buy the same thing (seems kind of boring?)
Is this interchangeable with the Marble Works by Discovery Toys?
Does it come w/ project plans or learning objectives? Maybe in the user guide somewhere?
Do the pieces snap together ? We have a wood set that doesn't and the kids constantly break it.
What plastics is it made of? Small child experienced an allergic reaction to the toy.
Is there an extension set if you want more pieces to play with or do you need to buy two of this one?
do these connect with regular marbulous sets?
I have a 2010 ezgo txt cart with rear seat which folds down to flat bed, will this fit?
Does the back portion of the cover roll up?
How is it attached to the golf cart not seeing any straps or hooks to hold front and sides in place?
I'm looking for a cover that will work on a 2-seated club car that has a utility bed. Would this work, or do you offer another style that would? Thx
Does this fit a 2008 yamaha with seat kit in the back?
Can use it with a fixed window
Do you have troubler with the zippers?
gas or eletric ?
Does this fit a 2011 Yamaha Drive G29? Is it available in grey or black?
i have a1998 club car 2 seater will this fit
Is a 3 year old girl too old for this?
does it require assembly
I have a daughter turning 1 in a week, she started walking a couple of weeks ago. Could this be an appropriate gift for her? Or is she too young?
My son is 3 years and 4 months? Will this be good for him. I am desperately looking for a nice rocking toy for him
my daughter is 2 and a half yrs old is she too old?
How is this item cleaned?
will these fit on a Losi Micro Baja?
What tires can I put on my rc losi mini sprint
lots of relatively wild 'will they fit questions' i think this one is reasonable: will they fit the Losi Micro T Stadium (not Desert)Truck ?
Hello, will these tires fit on an ECX torment?
does this come with both front and rear tires
will these fit the Trail Trekker
do they have a bell in the figure? I just received one order of 8 figures and when you shake the figures you can hear the bell.
Do the figures come off the the stand, and can sit upright on their own?
if i order today, can i get these by oct 18?
How long does it take to ship to LA?
How long does it take to ship to Sacramento, California?
If I order today 3/24, can I get these by March 29?
If I order the figurines today March 21th , will I get them before March 29th?
Are these licensed?
Do the figurines happen to have the chocolate gold coin?
How does it work? Is it supposed to be like that?
Where is it made? Does anyone know where this product is made?
what year was this made, the new ones seem to be smaller and do not turn as freely or as fast as they used too
Confused... Not only that, but why is the price for this toy $44.99 under this name, but only $24.99 under the actual Sit N' Spin name?
Is this sit and spin made of the durable hard plastic like the ones in the 70's?
how many inches long is it?
can i get spare parts
is this assembled and painted as advertised ?
Can these be mounted to a tmaxx 3.3?
can this be modified to fit the summit
will this fit E revo brushless 1/8 scale?
Do it fit the e-revo 1/10 scale brushless
does this part fit 1/16 e-revo?
Is this an electric keyboard and it runs off electricity from wall?
Does this piano really contain LEAD!!! How can they get away with that? It looks like a cute piano for my 2 yr old. Can people please advise back.
Is this piano too small for an 8 year old?
what is it made of
I am shopping for my grand daughter who just turned 5. I am concerned about the size, that it may be better equipped for the toddler. What do u say?
what age is it good for?
The older reviews show that the toy may contain lead. Is this still true in 2014?
size
How come it can be sold for use by children when it may contain lead??
My piano goes out of tune (wrong notes) if I try to play major chords (1-3-5-8 or even 3-5-8). Minor chords work fine. Does anyone else have this?
ARE THESE TRULY 'BEAN BAGS' OR VINYL BALLS?
I have a set of Klutz Juggling bags with walnut shells inside. What is the proper way to clean them? I dropped one bag in the trash. Thank you.
What are the dimensions of the cube bags?
does the book have any more "tricks" than regular juggling? I can do normal, and need some juggling sacks, but is there more to do in the book?
I just received this toy Violin, and it is not working right. the melodies do not play when you touch the strings. the melodies hardly play at all.
What can it play?
Is this realistic looking to use as a Photography prop?
What type of music does it play? Nursery rhymes? Can you list a couple titles?
I need the one which plays Christmas Carols - is this the one?
dose it work
does this violin play classical music?
Does it come with a stand?
Does it play new York, new York?
Can you get a replacement bow?
How necessary is a perfectly flat yard? I have a relatively flat yard; however, I have a few areas of slight slope.
How big of a kid can play in this product. Mine range from 14 to 5 yrs and I want something they could all use
How big is the bounce house?
Has anyone had any problems with the bounce house molding when used with water? How do you avoid this?
There seems to be 2 designs per the pictures. 1 shows a semi-circular entrance to the bounce house &amp;1 with velcro closure. Which one can I expect?
What is the height of the actual slides?
Can this be used wet or dry?
Do you ship to Hawaii?
Can a normal heavy duty extension cord be used if necessary instead of purchasing the 75' cord that's available
Approximately how deep is the water that pools in the bottom?
how high is the slide? it says how high it is with the safety covering but I would like to know just the slide. thankyou
do you ship to the uk
Is the blower loud and obnoxious since it has to stay on the entire time the slide is being used?
whats the weight limit on this?
How deep is the splash zone (the area where the water builds up at the bottom) ?
The specs say it is 16x14x8, but the video says it's 22' long. Which one is correct? That's a big difference.
How necessary is a perfectly flat yard? I have a relatively flat yard; however, I have a few areas of slight slope.
Does this need to be placed and set up on grass? I noticed that it comes with stakes and hoping I can set this product up on concrete
How high is the actual slide part, not including the safety cage added on top?
How wide is it?
How much is the shipping box size?
What is the weight limit
Can this be used without water??
This product is made on PVC material?
What is the weight limit?
how tall is it when inflated?
Greetings. I was wondering what some of the pictures/words are that would be "acted out" This would be for my 7 &amp; 5 year old grandkids
how do you play it ?
Are there pictures, words, or both on the cards?
How many cards are in the game?
Good for 5 year old
Will this fit on any of the Mack Granite dump trucks? Examples would be the 02823, 02825 or 02813 combo.
What is the length of this plow? I think it says 8.5 inches but I'm not sure.
will this fit the jbc midi backhoe?
will this plow fit the Bruder Scania Fire Truck 03590?
Is this product made of plastic or metal
Will this fit on the Burder Scania R-Series snow plow?
Will it fit on a traxxas slash 1;10?
How tall is this highchair- from the floor to the highest point? Thanks
Is it real wood?
Is it real wood?
Will a bitty baby or bitty twin fit in this high chair?
How tall is this high chair?
is it made of wood?
I bought the keyboard at a yard sale, what do I nee to make it work on the TV?
How do you shut off the click and start there seems to be no off button
do you think this would work on the dvd player screen in the car? looking for something to entertain my 2 and 4 yo on a long trip. Thanks!
Why won't my mouse work?
is this good for a 5 year old girl?
We receive toy as hand me down from neighbor, changed batteries, plugged in to TV. Lights , video and sound work. Cant get keyboard to work, HELP?
i bought the computer from someone but they no longer have the keyboard. Can you buy that seperate?
list of all pieces needed
connect computer to drive
Moving/jumping display on the TV screen: Anyone else have this problem?
I am trying to buy my first set to learn to play. Which is better: melamine or fiberglass?
Can you play this game with 2 or 3 people? Thanks.
will pushers fit in the case?
Are the bams green, as illustrated?
What color is back of tile? I'm looking for set with red back.
where can i order pushers?
how many mahjong scoring chips in a game?
Are the backs of the tiles red in the red set?
warranty issue
How much the the set weigh?
Is there any way to connect this to traditional hot wheels tracks?
How wide is the track?
party
can you connect an 18 starter track with another 18 starter blue track?
Does this track track accomodate the Disney Pixar cars?
Can the track be cut, then staple each end at different heights to creat a curve? Wanting to make my own garage/city with curved ramps at different levels.
What brand of cars works best? (Hot Wheels? Matchbox?)
is this real telescope?
Is this a good gift for a 4 year old?
How big is the box?
is it appropriate for an 11 yr old playing a pirate in a play
Any idea what the magnification is? It seems like a nice display item, but I might want to take it to a concert
Can you buy replacement lens? My grandson dropped his and cracked it!
where is it made in?
I just received this and it's great for what I'm using it for. My only question, how do I get the smell of oil off of it?
Does it actually magnify?
is the box wood
can this be set up to play on the lawn or does it have to be played on a hard surface
Does this net have the metal pole that goes all the way across?
Do the net post come with this offer?
is there a center support with this set?
Is this the old 2.0 version or the newer 3.0 net?
Is this net the official height (34 inches)?
Can this be set up on the lawn or do you have to have a hard surface to play
How does the net set up?
Is this the Taiwan or USA Diller Paddles?
Is this the main (first) game of Race for the Galaxy? I don't want to accidentally get an expansion pack.
Is this game still unplayable for color-blind players? Or have the publishers corrected this issue by now?
My favorite card game is Dominion, which this sounds similar to. For players who have played Dominion, how does this compare?
Is there a way to modify this game to have more player interaction? It's like there should have been a phase between settle and consume for "attack".
Is this game still fun with only two players?
Is this a card game I can bring on a trip and play on a train, in a cafe, etc? Or is it more of a game to play at home with a big table?
Recently purchase Race for the Galaxy and its first expansion.For the following things: 1-5 players,solo play,complexity,and play time?(not a fan of 30 to 45 min short games ),is it worth my time ? Are there any rule corrections for gameplay, I should...
what are the gray color worlds for? Some of the worlds have a grey color instead of one of the four defined colors (or white) but I couldn't find anything in the instructions that say what this means.
Does this game play well with just two people?
Is this game essentially "Puerto Rico" as a card game with a space theme?
what size is this box?
Is there a chamfer on the corners of the inside of the box (as shown on the outside), or is it a true corner?
what is the inside dimensions or wall thickness?
what size is this box
what size is this box
what size is this box
size
What size is it
Says it's "Walnut" Hollow Cornice Box? Purchasers say it is "basswood", what is it?
what are the inside dimensions? or the wall thickness? thank you!
The size
I want to know the size of this box and whether an A4 piece of paper can fit in it without folding?
Will the box open all the way or only at an angle?
I would like to know the outer dimensions of both the roomy and the keepsake boxes. Thank you.
Is the size of the box the 2.49 x 10.71 x 7.31 as listed on the walnut hollow website? Is it the same box?
How tall is the inside? would it hold containers that are 2" tall?? Thanks!!!!
Is it supposed to have wood shavings on it and feel rough? is it unsanded? Do I need to sand it?
What are the dimensions/measurements of this box? Thanks!
what size is it
SO the the dimensions are approx. 18" long(tall) x 12" to 13" wide??
How thick is it?
How many inches in diameter is this walnut hollow basswood country rounds, x-large?
Can you draw on this with a regular marker? Will it destroy the marker fast? Is it easy to write on? (use - guest sign in for wedding)
so this item is .7x 13.5x 17.5 is that the right and real dims??
For the extra large slices, how are the packaged and how long do the wood slices stay good for?
I manage the kitchen for a children's camp, we'd like something rustic as a hot plate, I'm thinking this would work for a 9"x13" casserole dish?
can these be used for chess platters or just crafts?
How tall are the slices?
Why do you call it a "walnut" box and then state it is made from basswood??? I am looking for a WALNUT box.
how big is this trunk? is it good for storing toys or more of a music jewelry box
Can you possibly make the Walnut Rounded Hollow Trunk in a larger size?
Could you please tell me the internal dimensions?
does this requirer batteries or does it use 110 ac power??
Would this fall and break during a power hit? Does it need electricity to keep it suspended or is it just for the rotation?
What voltage does it actually use to power this unit?
What language are the countries names written in??? Is it all in English? Thanks
Can you spin it manually to look at the diff countries or will sticking your hand in there interrupt the magnetic flow &amp; the globe will fall?
Which size is suggested for beginners (age 8)? The 160 or 260? Or does it even matter? Thanks!
What is the diameter
How Many Balloons Are Included?
What are the exact names of the colors included?
Friends are midi or mini beads?. -
Does the beads come with the Tweezer? and what are the shape the can build?
Why doesnt this bucket contain orange? Its such a popular and necessary color =(
Are these considered pony beads? What are their dimensions?
What size are these beads in millimeters?
Does this come with the different shaped pegboards?
Dear Mrs. For an typyng error, my item was send to a different place. Please recover my package to send it again at DIMEXCO Julian Cortes 7973 NW 21
does this come with peg boards and paper
Do you have these in the 2mm size?
girl
can you send it to argentina
how big
can you tell me how heavy this doll?
What is the diameter of the globe
What size is the globe itself (not the stand)
exactly what is the diameter?
What powers the receiver?
what is the operating range of this radio on rc sailboats or how far will it send a signal to the boat in feet about.
Can the thumbsticks be rotated such that both move up and down? I'm looking for a simple controller for a custom tank.
bought this for a Tamiya Frog build and for some reason the throttle works just fine but the steering servo won't move ? Any suggestions, thx !
Well it work for a traxxas slayer pro?
I am looking for a transmitter with 75.87 freqency.. What frequency does this with?
6 channel rodio transmiter
What is the range / distance for this transmitter
How does this compare in quality to the Green Toys brand of trucks?
What type of plastic was used to make this toy? There should be a number on the bottom of the toy?
Is this truck BPA free? There is no information about the materials used to make this toy.
how big is this fire truck
How many jokers have
How many jokers have this playing cards?
How many jokers per Deck?
Do they come with cut cards?
Can I use this on titanium finished gunpla without damaging the plastic and do I need to use anything els with this before i put on decals?
noob question!.. is it colorless paint sir?
Does the paint have the same effect as top coat on model kits ?
Is this a blue spray are white because when i check my order the picture is a can with a white cap ?
does the paint craze the plastic model ???
How big are the cans of play doh? 1, 2, 5 oz?
Does this include a play mat, for the kids to play on?
Does it include a plastic scissor and a plastic bag to put everything in?
Does it have a mat?
this have the original game plus the expansion correct?
How many cards total does this pack include? Just want to know the exact quantity so I can buy sleeves for it. Thanks.
I know "The Bullet" comes with the High Noon, Dodge CIty, and Fistful of Cards expansions. Is there room inside for the other expansions?
The recommended age is 12 and up. Do you agree? Would the dice version be better for families?
Hello , why this Bang Version has up to 7 players while I see on the sites the apparently the same Bang! The bullet but wih up to 8 players?
Hello! I read the Q&amp;A and noticed that the game has 80 cards of BANG! the normal game but isn't it supposed to have 110 cards?
Do sleeved cards fit inside the bullet?
Is this one the bilingual version (english and italian)? Tks!
This one comes with which expansions?
is it in english or spanish?
around how big is it, like inches high and how wide?
Is this a mini?
is it wearable
can you put it on
are the pokemon shiny or are the cards?
Is it 25 random cards with no duplicates?
What's the diffrence between foil cards and regular cards?
do you get azelf,uxie,mesprit,mew and mewtwo
do you think i will be happy with this purchase
are any of them ex
Are there any EX Pok&eacute;mon?
Are the cards that are pictured, the cards that are for sale?
do you get mespirit
do you get rayquaza?
is this all 3 toys or just motor home
Do people came with it
Is it metal
what type of anchor do you need
I need the instruction leaflet. Is there a site I can go to to download it at all?
Hi, can you please tell me how the EP020103 differs from the TM200 model. I would like something like the TM200 but a little bigger. Thanks
How big and heavy is the packaging before assembling it?
Where can I get the dismantling tool for the monkey bars? it is impossible to dismantle without it. Contacting the company is useless. Emails bounce.
are the animals in this the same ones that work with zootalkers zoo? which one is better?
Does this set make the animal sounds like the zoo talkers play set?
x-Ray Fish? What's wrong with a xebu?
does it fold flat without disassembling?
does this item fold for storage?
What is the shipping weight? I'm sending this to Japan,
Does this tent fold out or do you have to install rods etc?
how is the night vision?
how do you send spy messages to one other spy
Do you have to buy special pens to go with the spy paper?
can this be mounted on the wall or does it go over the door?
What is it attached by? (Hooks, Suction Cups, Sticky tape)
Does it come with a net?
how big is the ball?
How big is the ball?
Does the rim fold up or down so when the door is open the rim does not hit the wall?
Can I dunk on it?
What are the dimensions of this toy
what type of batteries does this item take
Does in come in the original box
How big is this motorhome? My son is wanting one that's Bruder truck size. Thanks
how big is this kit in inches
what grade is the is the kyrios gundam being sold ex:no grade, hyper grade, master grade
is this tt hongli kit
Out of Curiousity does it come with batteries AND does the GN drive light up
the yodeling pickle: what is the dimension as far as circumference?
Does this thing work?
What does it do?
uhoh... gave one of these to my son and one to my grandson for Christmas (3 days ago). My son reports that his has stopped working. What to do?
Does this come with batteries already in it?
someone gave this to me as a gift but it needs batteries. Can you tell me exactly what batteries it uses? They are expensive and use 3 so I want to
Can you record songs on this? Or does it only have the one saying?
Is this for external use only?
Is this compact? I would like to enter into a yodeling competition and just hide this in my pants. Will this be discreet?
The Yodelling Pickle: Is the funniest gift on Amazon and are the reviews the best ever?
Do you need an internet connection to play this game?
Does it work on Windows 8?
Will my MS windows7Home Premium (64 Bits) work for your Master Poker Prof. no-limit Texas Hold'em ?
Will it play correctly on an Alienware 64 bit operating system?
Thank you Ronda, but it didn't work. When I select my operating system all it lets me select is Windows 7 &amp; I have Windows 8! Does anyone have a contact for the website? I have tried the support numbers on the website, but no luck?? HELP!!!
Is this version 2 or the original version 1?
I'm new to poker. Is there a tutorial to help people learn the rules? Does the license permit using this on two computers my desktop and my laptop?
Does the software provide training insight into a players leaks or habits?
I have Master Poker Ver 2.01 is this a later version ?
Do you need steam?
what does SUPER mega cards mean. 100 of the super rare cards?!?! but then it doesnt make sense for the title
I've seen a couple people say they had gotten Spanish card in this. Does it really come with Spanish cards, because that would be a problem.
Do you get different cards or duplicates and also will there be a chance of getting Spanish card? If so I might not wan it
is there first edition cards?!!
are they normal sized?
Your title says 100 cards, "plus" 4 rares and 1 super rare. Thats 105 total, right? It says, 100 plus the holos.
so are there 105 total cards?
YOur pictures show a mat and box. I just got my order and no mat or box. Are they coming in a different shipment?
Is Black Rose Dragon included in the pack because the tin is there
Is the place mat a board or is it paper
Is there no way to replace light bulb as other reviewers say? Is New Mexico misspelled? Is this sturdy/is base heavy?
Do the individual states have borders?
4) Is the globe itself removable from the support and if so, does the manufacturer periodically make updated globes available? 6) Is there a warranty?
1) Who is the manufacturer? 2) How well do the various sections line up? 3) What materials are the globe, meridian and base made of? (cont.)
Hi. What about the energy to turn on the light? Is it by batteries or via wire? Thanks!
Does this globe have Singapore labeled, please?
How do you replace the light bulb when it goes out?
does this requirer batteries or does it use 110 ac power??
Would this fall and break during a power hit? Does it need electricity to keep it suspended or is it just for the rotation?
What voltage does it actually use to power this unit?
What language are the countries names written in??? Is it all in English? Thanks
Can you spin it manually to look at the diff countries or will sticking your hand in there interrupt the magnetic flow &amp; the globe will fall?
PLEASE HELP....batteries in fisher-price laugh &amp; learn kitchen?
where does the batteries go we are trying to replace the old ones thank you
I received this 2-1 Kitchen only with the pan, can I purchase the other items, the shapes &amp; balls?
I found the fridge on the internet but I cant find the family room... can you buy them seperately?
Is there an adult version?
where is it made?
Directions makes no sense: Can anyone explain better?
Can you play with just 4 people?
What is the difference between the standard and this "Party Box" version? Thanks!
Can't this be played with 2-3 players? I was looking for a family game, but our family is only 3 and sometimes only 2 of us have time to play.
Why is this called the "Family Edition"?
does this game come in metal container?
How many people do you need to play?
what age group?
Apples to Apples Jr or adult for 4th &amp; 6th graders? (10 and 11 year olds)
My grandson is 5 years old. Is that appropriate for his age?
Amount of Players/Apples to Apples Jr. Version: How many players do you need for this game?
Apple to Apple kids or Apple to Apple junior for a 7 year old?
How do you play this game?
Are the cards the same dimensions as the adult game?
Which Apples to Apples game has the photographs rather than words on the red cards?
how tall is the horse?
Is this made on wood?
Is this the mare or stallion? It has pictures of both.
recommend ages
How heavy is this horse? Would it be okay to use on a birthday cake?
does this work well for drilling holes in plates, tile or glass?
Can I hole small gems
What size drill bits does this come with? Can this drill through beach shells and sea glass without cracking or scraping it
Would this be alright to use on acrylic jewelry pieces?
How do I change drill bits?
How do I change drill bits?
What are the bit sizes that come with the drill?
What exactly makes this item "For Her?" Does it smell like flowers? Does it double as a massage device? Or is it just silly marketing?
Does this product cling to itself?
Has anyone cut this in a Cricut machine?
Does this paper work with laserjet printers? Also, Can you print double sided??
will these cling to a tv screen (the yellow ones)in order to block blue light at night and sleep better?
Could you use it as a stencil?
Will these stick to a stainless steel refrigerator?
Can I print on these with an inkjet printer?
Would this cling to the outside of a car window? Looking to place a sticker on it and be able to remove from window later.
Can you please tell me if these sheets give a total blackout OR if there is any light at all that gets through?
Are the colors red, orange, yellow, green, blue, purple and pink included?
What sizes do the pom poms range?
Do any of these have little glittery strands in them?
How many different sizes are there in the package?
Are there a fairly equal amount in each size, or are they mostly the smallest ones?
Can you use this for more than one child?
Can you use (and remove) stickers on this board?
How many reward magnets come with it?
How do you open the black end of the marker? We must be pretty dumb, we can't get it opened!!
multiple children
What are the dimensions are the board?
Does this have the option to mount to a NON-magnetic surface with screws?
will it work with windows 7
Where do I find a driver download for this device?
can it be used with a document camera?
can you please tell me what the ounces are on these balls. a regular baseball is 5.5OZ
The description says its 2 dozen balls and at the end says 24 balls, yet people said they received one ball. Amazon, can you clarify?
how many balls will be shipped? description says 24 balls price is 5.99 i don't know if the price is correct or the description is incorrect.clarify!
How many balls is this for?
what is the best starter set
will this extra track work with the remote control train sets or only the push trains
does the track stay together if you need to move it to another room or do you have to start all over?
How do I get rid of air
Can you view from either side?
Do you get to choose the color you want? If so how do you go about doing that?
Is this enclosed in plastic or glass?
Hello, is it possible to deliver in France? Cordially
How thick is the black base of the item? We want to put stickers of attendees' names on them and need to know the height of the base.
what is the base made of?
How big is it
how long will it swing in one round
do you have to assemble it?
are the balls metal or plastic
Is it delicate
Are the balls steel or plastic? The description says the balls are steel, but some reviewers say they're plastic. Which is it?
Who invented this clever gadget
Was on the verge of purchasing based on two recommendations, but couldn't find anything about whether it was washable. Anyone know?
Does this have any 'beans' in it or is it just stuffed w/soft filler? Thanks.
Is the body soft and cuddly?
What is the shipping weight? With box included
Is hypoallergenic?
Is it flame resistant?
Does this stuffed animal look depressed? Does anyone have a photo of it's face head-on?
Hi - does anyone know with what materials this toy was made, in particular the filler? Thanks!
Where is it made?
Is this a chiropractic stuffed animal? We bought one from the same company (Aurora) a while ago and need another one. Thanks!
Can the Crayola Dry Erase Crayons be used w/ this product?
will thia wash off walls, floors, wood??
does it come with entire alphabet cards
Are the markers that come with it washable? I am looking to get this for my 2.5 yr old that likes to trace.
Can top clear overlay sheets can be purchased to have spares as needed for this activity center?
Does the activity center have a kickstand?
What do you use to clean off the board?
Can you order replacement markers and erasers?
Can any normal sheet of paper (8 1/2" x 11") fit in it, or is it only the Crayola activity sheets that fit?
where is this made?
How big is this figure?
I'm curious does Hasbro still make these or are the rights to make these figures sold to someone else?
Are Indie's whiskers well printed?
Is this figure durable?
Does this figure's whip uncoil?
can this bag hold two traxxas slasher 4x4
Does anyone use this for an Axial Yeti XL 1/8 scale) or know if it would fit? (Length: 25.75in (654mm), Width:16.3in (414mm), Height:11.10in (282mm))
Does this one have wheels? I am wondering if it would be unwieldy/heavy to carry with an E-Revo inside.
does it fit a traxxas e-maxx?
Would this bag fit a 1/10 scale Axial Trail Honcho?
Is this bag big enough for 2 1:10 trucks.
My husband has a Traxxas Revo 3.3 with a wheel base of 18 inches wide. The bag is 18 in. wide - will the truck fit if the bag has a hard base?
How much would it weigh if someone was to fill up the 8'' ball with lead shot?
What type of dungeon would you recommend using these in?
I have been trying to order, but says can't ship to my address, I am in Australia - why can't you ship here?
How do you open it to put on someone's ankle?
how much does it whey?!
how much does it whey?!
Is 8 year old girl too old for this toy and how tall are the dolls? TY
Are these wood
what age is this appropiate for?
Are the pieces actually magnetic or are they cling? Would they stick to a refrigerator?
Is this toy okay for a 2 year old?
The video showed several sets. I want to get a for sure how many pieces are included in this set
Do the paper dolls really smell bad? What if you air them out?
pieces
will the dolls themselves stick to a magnetized white board (like Crayola's easel has)?
Are any of the outfits related to a profession (doctor's/scientist's lab coat, police officer's uniform), or are they all fashion outfits?
does it have a code
What do I do to stop the plush from shedding?
How big is it? (Weight and Height)
Are the eyes hard or embroidered? Don't want a choking hazard. Thanks!
would you be able to deliver it before christmas eve?
What color is it? A grayish green?
Can it be washed by water?
is it weel stiched
Does he have floppy limbs or permanently sitting up? Thanks.
Does it talk?
Does this love frog come with a sealed webkinz online code?
I just wanted to double check that these shouldn't go in the washing machine. My daughter and her "froggy" are so attached it's getting filthy.
how big is this stuffed frog?
Can you use this product with the computer activities?
Does the frog come with the Webkinz code?
Bestseller?
Shipping cost! Why is the shipping cost so high on these?
One of the reviews says that it comes with a cover/lid also that is not shown in the picture nor in the description. Does it come with a lid?
Is there a book of puzzles included with this? I especially loved Piet Hien's original book.
Would I be able to hide a gift card inside this and make the recipient solve the puzzle to find it? Is there a compartment on the inside?
Hi! Where is it made of??
Are the individual pieces the EXACT same shapes as the original Soma shapes? This is important, because the piece that you show in the photo IS NOT.
Can this cage hold 200 balls for a raffle instead of bingo?
How big is the cage (diameter, height)?
Are the balls with color or plain white?
Why is this so expensive!? Will the price be coming down any time soon? The MSRP is $45 I believe.
What is the ideal number of players for this game? I know it has a wide range, but has anyone tried diff numbers of players &amp; found the sweet spot?
Is the game in German or English?
Is the game in french ?
I just got my game. The wording on the box is in French. I'm afraid to take off the cellophane in case I want to return it. Is it a French edition?
I heard this game was out of print, the box looked like a cigar box and was called Jamaica. Is this the same game back in print?
King of Tokyo
so is this the actual car? or what? i mean the prize seems crazy low!!
is this car gas powered
how fast dose it go.
is it sturdy?????
Is this a car or a body
is this a car or body
is it a body
is the body a single piece, or does it come in 3 or 4 pieces??
Is that a rc car
is it a body
i need a lg helmet does it come with that
will this set fit a 14 year old, he's 5'9 tall
Does the youth set come with the crotch pad necessary for Little League play? The V shaped one at the bottom.
will this gear fit my 12 y/o daughter. she is 5'5 about 145lbs or so
does the bag have wheels?
Would this be too big for my 10 u girls team?
team catcher that I buy for a person 16 years
will this fit a 12 year old?
will this set fit a 10 year old hes 4'9
do you have a choice in helmet and colour of gear?
How tall does this figure stand?
what is this made out of?
Is it a 3-d toy or is it a wall sticker?
Can you listen to conversation/sound on the other side of concrete wall.
does this have a tripod mount? Thanks to all who responded.
Will this get damaged in the rain?
Does it have Automatic gain control so that high sound doesnt damage the ears
Can I listen through Plexiglass windows?
Its confusing when it says 18 months and up in one place and then a choking hazard warning stating its for 3years and up. Which one should I listen to
Do the cans remove? Can you put things in cans and dump into bin? Does the back tilt up to dump?
What is the size of the garbage truck?
What are the dimensions of this truck?
Is it possible to order replacements of the driver of the truck?
How does this compare in quality to the Green Toys brand of trucks?
how to play
How long does a typical game last?
Can Liars Dice be played with this set?
Does this come as a set with 6 Farkel games in one package?
Does this game have a Spanish manual
We played a similar game where you scored 50 points for each matching number after rolling a three of a kind, for instance you roll 3 sixes, for 600 and decide to keep rolling, do the additional 6's rolled on the same roll count as 50?
Is farkle fiesta played differently or with different rules from Farkle?
Are the cups felt lined?
What size are the dice in this set? Are they full sized board game dice (approx. 16mm) or are they small dice?
Is this the same game as perudo?
What are the dimensions?
is the net included or not?
which is the weight of product? dimensions in inches? can be used by adults to enjoy ping pong table
Can I fold this and lean one side against a wall to play by myself?
What is the width of the table when it is folded. Is it just 4 inches wide then ?
What are the dimensions of this table?
What is the ideal space to play on this midsize table?
We are cramped but could do a full-size. Is this good for 10-yr old (and family) to get into pingpong or better to go full size with some constraints?
Have the apparent packing issues that have been frequently mentioned in the customer reviews been resolved?
Does it come with paddles and balls?
how many webkinz can fit in it?
how many webkinz can fit in it?
what size webkinz animal does this fit?
How up to date are the boarders and names on the globe?
Does it have both Sudan and South Sudan?
How old is this Globe? What year is it from?
Does this globe turn?
Could this be written on? Alternative "guestbook" idea for a wedding? Thanks.
Can I push pins in this globe to mark places I've been?
What does raised relief mean?
What size sports ball is this comparable to?
Is Russia listed as "Russia" or USSR on the globe?
Does this globe have Armenia on it? next to Turkey.
What is the diameter of the base? I want to have a small plaque made to put on the base.
can you do shipping to hong kong?
How long have you had it and are there any issues? Did you find something better?
Has the unscrewng problem been fixed?
Can you put map pins in this globe to mark the places you have visited?
Can you purchase more track?
is this set compatible with brio train tracks?
What is the width between the rails in inches?
Does this train move itself along the track?
Will these trains fit onto a standard wooden train track set?
are these metal?
is it a remote control train?
Are the tracks compatible with any other brand of tracks...like Power Train?? And does this track actually connect onto those playsets?
Is there a way to purchase more track for this set so my grandson can build onto it?
is this HO scale?
Is this machine washable? Or handwash only?
Where was this made or what is it's country of origin?
What is the monkey made of?
Do these toys have beaded eyes or sewn eyes?
Are these solid plastic or hollow? Would I be blue to put a hole in the bellies of the easily?
demntions
What are the dinosaurs made from?
So, I'm turning this into a toothbrush holder. Do you think these are sturdy enough? Do they tip over easily? Thanks!
What packaging do these come in? How big is the manufacturer's box, if that is the type of packaging it arrives in?
can a child play with them in a bathtub?
how large are the dinosaurs?
This might sound like a silly question, but would you be able to fit a roll of toilet paper on the Brachiosaurs' neck?
They dont sell in bulk - I've asked. Anyone know where I can buy dinos of 8-12" in a qty of more than 5? Would want to order about 30-50...
Can i create a custom order? If yes, please let me know how!
HI this is a gift can i have it shipped to my nephew?
Are the teeth hard or soft?
can put the alligator in the swimming pool
what is it made from ?
how much does it weigh
Is there a lot of good cards both The packages
are these cards fake?
are there good cards?
how will it be packaged? i don't want any damaged cards
Will I get a lot of duplicates and Japanese cards I'm just wonder can there be an EX?? Thank you.&eth;&#159;~&sect;
Are these cards in English? saw a review adn am worried about buying them as a favor for a party
are there any eevee or eeveelution in the bunch? maybe vulpix or ninetales? rares or first edition?-not alexandra, her daughter
is there mew?
I gave my son 2 of the 10 packs yesterday and each pack had a card that was 8000 hp. Is that a real card?
Are there any Mesprit or Uxie cards?
Does this MortorMax aircraft carrier have wheels?
Does the elevator on this work?
can it be put into water
can I put it in water?
Requesting recent buyer feedback: Description says rocket boosters are removable, but what about the external tank?
how big is play set
how tall is toy
Does anyone know if this doll has attached the cushion or it can be remove from her?
Is this doll made in china?thx
does this doll have a box that it comes in, or how is it shipped within the mailing box?
Does anyone know if this doll fits in to the Fisher-Price Brilliant Basics Stroll-Along Walker
does the hat come off?
How old was your child when she started getting into this doll? I was thinking about buying it for my 9 month old. Thanks!
Do her clothes come off? (and on). :-)
How tall.
What is the size?
Is this doll sitting on a white pillow?
does this requirer batteries or does it use 110 ac power??
Would this fall and break during a power hit? Does it need electricity to keep it suspended or is it just for the rotation?
What voltage does it actually use to power this unit?
What language are the countries names written in??? Is it all in English? Thanks
Can you spin it manually to look at the diff countries or will sticking your hand in there interrupt the magnetic flow &amp; the globe will fall?
Is it machine washable?
Is this bunny stuffed with beans?
Are the eyes beads or embroidered?
Do you have cream bunny 15" same as picture? If you have website, pls inform me quickly
I want to make sure of the size. Is the large 15 inches from tip of ear to foot or is it top of head to foot? Thanks
How big is this bunny?
What batteries do you need for this?
Is the frequency 27MHz or 49MHz? (It should be written on the bottom of the train)
Is it as fast as the video shows? I watched a personal video (fire truck) and it looked slower than this video.
how big is it
can you open this chest?
How many are in a package?
what is this chest made of?
Leapster2 for left-handed children? Does anyone have a left-handed Leapster2 user?
piece of cartridge stuck in leapster2 after 1 wk: Has anyone else had an issue where a piece of the cartridge broke off in the unit?
Leapster 2 or DS??? But I'm wondering if the Leapster wouldn't be more their speed?
Leapster 2 help: What is going on???
Leapster 2 starting games? I understand that the Leapster 2 comes with some "starter games" but I wish to understand what it comes with?
Rechargeable batteries in leapster 2: Anyone using rechargeable batteries?
does it come with a charger adapter
3 year old: what kind of learning game does anyone recommend? Is a Leappad 2 too "old" for her? family does not currently have internet. need Christmas ideas!! thanks so much!
Good choice for almost 3 yr old whose older brother has a DS? What do you think?
Considering Nintendo DS instead of Leapster 2: Any ideas or opinions out there regarding this comparison ??
didj question: Does the didj come loaded with any games on it?
For 7 year old (almost 8): Didj, Leapster2 or Leapster Learning Game System? Does the didj come loaded with any games on it?
Are any of the games educational? Anyone found some specifically LEARNING focused Didj games?
Can the digj be set up with multiple profiles? Will they each be able to have a seperate profile with different math/vocabulary info saved?
do the diji game cartriges work in any other leapfrog handhld game system?
how do you download "Jetpack Heros"
Leapster games on the Didj: Do the Leapster2 games work on the Didj?
Left handed? Does it matter if a child is left handed versus right handed?
customizable? can I somehow program my son's spelling words for the week, or do you just have what is pre-programmed on the game?
cartridges? Can I use my leapster cartridges in the didj?
Electronic "Learning System" that does not require computer: Is there a system currently offerred which does not require a computer for the set-up or usage?
Will this older pen version be compatible with work with LeapReader Junior/Tag Junior books? Thanks
Do this works with all your bookings?
Does it come with a book?
Does this help your kid or make them stupid?
Leapster2 for left-handed children? Does anyone have a left-handed Leapster2 user?
piece of cartridge stuck in leapster2 after 1 wk: Has anyone else had an issue where a piece of the cartridge broke off in the unit?
Leapster 2 or DS??? But I'm wondering if the Leapster wouldn't be more their speed?
Leapster 2 help: What is going on???
Leapster 2 starting games? I understand that the Leapster 2 comes with some "starter games" but I wish to understand what it comes with?
Rechargeable batteries in leapster 2: Anyone using rechargeable batteries?
does it come with a charger adapter
3 year old: what kind of learning game does anyone recommend? Is a Leappad 2 too "old" for her? family does not currently have internet. need Christmas ideas!! thanks so much!
Good choice for almost 3 yr old whose older brother has a DS? What do you think?
Considering Nintendo DS instead of Leapster 2: Any ideas or opinions out there regarding this comparison ??
does it work with Leap Pad?
Is there a Star Wars game for the leap pad or the leapsterGS?
does this work with leap pad 3
does this work with Leapster GS /
Does it work in leap pad 2?
does star wars jedi math work with leap pad?
Does it work on Leapster explorer?
Are the people included?
What is the size of the van
Is there a hitch on the back for the horse trailer?
Does anyone know if the people from Fisher Price's "My First Dollhouse" will fit in this van?
Does the trunk open?
Does this need batteries
Does this car work with the Fisher Price My First Dollhouse family?
Does this family and van fit in a traditional 1:12 dollhouse? The front door is 7 inches tall, ceilings are 10.5 inches.
How wide/long/tall is this?
will this mini van pull the loving family horse trailer?
is it foot or hand operated?
the bike just quit working after the grand daughter rode it about 10 minutes and we can not figure out why. No the battery is not dead.
we lost the battery charger and need a new one, does anyone know where we can order one?
does it take the red super 6 volt or the blue 6 volt battery
I need to know where the black wire coming off the battery is connected.my little girl reached underneath and pulled the wire out.
Is it possible to use my home is 220V battery charging?
who do I contact for warranty about stripped gears within first day?
what relevant the video that was put in the listing?
isn't it supposed to have lights and sound effects?
where can you find a charger?
Is there a trick to opening the battery compartment? Are we missing something?
How much storage does this thing have? I want to know how many songs can be stored on it.
Help! Can someone tell me how to down my MP3 files to my Crammer?
Does the seat lift up for storage?
What type of batteries
does it come with batteries?
Has anyone experienced any safety issues including their child leaning too far back in the seat and consequently falling over backwards?
Does this work fine on a hard wood floor
Does this toy just go straight, or can you steer it a bit?
Do the front wheels turn when you move the handle bars?
Does the purple bar move the wheels in order to steer?
does it come with batteries?
Hi I am from Venezuela, the sounds it makes the car are only in English or have an option to change it to Spanish?
can you steer this toy or does it just go straight?
Is there a volume setting on this?
Is this Radio Controlled?
I need an excavator (toy or replica) for some pictures, do you think this will look like the real thing? is it a good replica/model?
is it a remote control excavator
what are the dimensions??
will this product go outside/go in the mud/lift stuff
how is this powered?
Does it have a remot
is this a romote controled dozer?
Is the dozer we're getting look exactly like the one pictured? (Black detail and single shank ripper?)
I am looking for an RC Construction Vehicle. Is the Norscot Cat D11T an RC vehicle?
what are dimensions/will push/pull anything/will survive outside.
Do these balls work with the foam strike pocket shot or sling shot/
Will these work with the Nerf Buzzsaw?
What is the actual size (circumference) of these balls?
what do these balls work for? I bought them for the slingshot refill and they are way to small. what do they work with? what balls are refills slingsh
Do these balls fit the nerf reactor gun?
ball popper
Do these work for the Moo-popper as well?
Do they fit nerf ball shooters?
Will these work with the Moon blaster?
Do these work in Nerf guns that use Ballistic Balls?
Do you need a base kit in order for this set to work
suitable for girls 8 and 12?
Is this totally battery powered I plan to send it to Germany where in is 220 volts THANKS
My son wants to know whether this set can be used to make a lie detector experiment?
We have the Snap Circuits 500. If we bought Snaptricity would it be redundant?
What are the size of the puzzle pieces? Are they large enough for arthritic fingers to handle?
what is the finished size?
Are the pieces interlocking or randomly cut?
This puzzle doesn't have all of its pieces. What can I do?
how many pieces?
how many pieces
Could anyone tell me the measurements of the smallest piece? My youngest still puts things in his mouth so wondering about potential choking hazards.
what age group is this for?
Can a money gift be put inside of it?
size?
Hi Can anybody advise what size this doll is. I want to purchase some clothes and can't seem to find what size! thanks
I'm going crazy trying to see the difference. Can any one help? Can anyone tell me why the tremendous price difference?
How many inches is the doll?
Can I purchase replacements for the spoon, steathescope, etc
Will these fit into a 8.5" x 11" scrapbook?
Does each individual 5 x 7 pocket load from the top of the page or the outer side or the binder clip side?
what is "100 count"? does it have 100 pages? thanks!
can this hold a 5x8 index card?
whats the difference between this and this listing:http://www.amazon.com/BCW-Pro...
whats the difference between this and this listing:http://www.amazon.com/BCW-Pro...
whats the difference between this and this listing:
Are these top or side loading?
Can you store liner notes and tray art from CDs in this type of pocket?
are these pages binder size?
Approximately how many pieces and how much assembly time?
I'd like to hang this from the ceiling. Can anyone suggest two hanging points so I can have her at about a 45 degree angle?
who use USPS for shipping carrier ?
who use FEDEX for shipping carrier ?
can you delivery this product on weekend?
is a original product ?
How is the courrier in the United State
How big is it?
Probably for those who have the X-Wing model, are they similarly scaled?
scale
Was this products made in the US?
Does this have a tail?
Does this Sock Monkey have a tail?
Is this monkey brown or gray?
Is it washable?
looking for one that make noise when tap on head. Does he do this?
What material is this sock monkey made of?
does this sock monkey have button or stitched eyes
does this sock monkey repeat what you say?
there are two different sock monkeys depicted -- one with button eyes and the other with embroidered eyes (with eyebrows) which one is for sale here?
Are the picture slides preloaded in the disc or do you have to cut them out and press them in?
I noticed negative reviews stating the image is blurry and it is hard to get a sharp focus. In your opinion, is this true?
Is this appropriate for a 10 year old girl?
What type batteries does this need? I wrapped this and forgot to check to see!
Would any paper work for this? Thanks!
Does the room need to be dark to see the image well?
Coiuld you use the disc from a view master to draw those images?
would this be okay for a 10 year old?
my 6 year old grandson is left handed. Will this work for him?
Are batteries needed ?
Can I use these wheels to replace one from my Santa Fe Flyer HO Scale set?
I have a Bachmann #00691 Thorobred train set. will these 33" metal wheels replace the plastic
how do I know what size the car are(box car ect)?
What scale is it?
CAn't you ship them to India?
Are these in a newer version? Mine doesn't have the barcode reveal?? Or are they fakes? Also it shows as Ellusionist made the deck and not USPCC.
Is this a full deck? I mean does it have 52 cards? I bought one but I have not opened it because the box doesn't seem to have 52 cards in it??
This cards hafe air cushion?
are they 100% plastic?
Are these Plastic or Paper?
I have been wondering, is it airflow finish, or, aircushion finish?
Are they plastic?
How long are these expected to last if taken good care of?
Does it come with instructions?
How much paint and propellant would I need, in addition to this kit, to paint a medium sized Estes rocket?
Are the componets of this kit compatable with small air compressors used in painting models.
I need to know if you need any thing else with this kit to paint like a c ompresser
What is the range of spray patterns for this set?
How did you get yours to work?, for those ~10 - 20 of you who apparently gave it a good rating.
why soes the paint not come out of my amazing air
can this be used to airbrush nails?
what does it come with
With acrylic paints can you use the paint right out of the quarter oz. bottles?
With this kit as soon as u take it out is it ready to use or do i needs something to blow it out, what if i want to put angelus paint inside how do u
How tall is the luau-12 message in a bottle tropical invitation bottle?
How many invitations do you get
What are the dimension of the paper invite inside the bottle, would a 4x6 or 5x7 invitation fit in these bottles?
I need to know. Are there 12 bottles in an order for around $11 or not?
what does the invitation say
Are there 12 bottles or not? Two reviews said they didn't get 12 bottles.
Are the mailing labels already attached to the bottles?
Is the cork easy to take out?
I need 14 invitations. Is there any way I can purchase just 2 more in addition to the dozen?
Are you suppost to put the sand in the bottom of the bottle before giving it to somebody?
what size are they?
what size are they?
what size are they?
Does this Webkinz turtle come with an unused secret code that can be used to register the turtle online on the Webkinz site?
Is there a code with it?
how big is it?
are they in english?
Holy crap I already feel the power. Do you?
Are they in any sort of package? Or do they just come warp in plactic like the picture?
Does this lot contain cards from the first yugioh (2002-2006)?
any synchros?
Is there a chance of a god card?
Honestly I just wanna get a few high starred cards with decent effects. Regardless of the condition.
Hi, I'm from Argentina and I was wondering if you could send the product to my country and what would its price be. Thank you!
I already ordered this product once, if I place a second order will I get the exact same 100 cards / tons of doubles?
I already ordered one, if I order another is there a high chance of me getting duplicates, should I try another seller?
does he cry
can he ware biapers
does he coo
Can he have baby food
Can he have baby food
can he suck a bottle
Can he take a bath
what clothes size can he were?
Do the eyes open and shut or do they just stay shut?Also is the baby boy moveable
how much inches is he?
Could this be used on a dock - where the kids slide into the lake?
Does anyone know the weight limit for this?
How much of the slide is actually in the water? I have limited deck space around my pool so am trying to determine how far it projects on deck
Can you use this slide with a large above ground pool for small children? Pool depth 41/2 feet.
could this product be used without a large pool to land into?
how can I hopefully get a new plug for this slide?
can it be anchored to the ground? how does it stay in place?
Does one get wet when sitting in this chair?
if it gets mildew spotted ,any solution to get spots out?
what is the weight limit for the floating chair?
Are these simply taggers? Does this system come with the sensors so you know that you've been tagged, or do they come separately?
Why is there such a disparity in price between this lazertag set and the $50 one from Hasbro? I am looking for a lazertag for my 11 year old son and I was wondering why one is $196 vs $50.
Are these compatible with earlier LTTO sets? Are the games the same?
What kind of batteries? Can someone please tell me the type of batteries this toy needs?
How many players can play at one time?
name of app needed?
Additional taggers: How and where can you purchase an additional tagger since they are only sold on amazon in a set of 2?
Rechargeable batteries: Do rechargeable batteries work well for this toy and if so about how long do they last before needing recharged?
What colors are available?
Is it water proof
What specifically do i need to buy in addition to this to have a complete kit?
IS RTR?
is this rc car complete ready to run?
This item come with the radio controller included?
How much for complete set and ready to use?
Can I get the two packs of cards in two different colors? I would like one pack in red and one in blue.
Do these come in pinochle decks?
Hello! The listing clearly says that you get 2 decks, one red and one blue. Some people said they only received one deck. Which is it?
what are the size of the numbers/letters?
How many jokers are in the decks?
What are the card measurements?
Does this set include the directions for the game?
How are the wooden racks held up? Are the "feet" for the racks plastic or wood?
Does anyone know how to find replacement tiles, specifically for this set (travel with aluminum case) I need a red 8 and a black 5.
How many tiles come with this game? Are there joker tiles?
Tiles are plastic ?
how many cards are in this set?
How do 2 people play?
Portable? If the cards are the same size, what makes this version more portable?
Are the cards in the On the Go version different than those in the Party Box version?
will this fit in my traxxas bandit xl5
Will this work with the Exceed Maxstone 1/10scale?
Does this motor have the wires already soldered onto it or do I have to do that myself?
how big is it?
Will this fit maxstone16
What is max RPM at nominal voltage for this motor?
Can I run this on a standard 9V battery?
Does the paint really chip off so easily?
how come is say 9 wooden pieces and I only count 8???
Do these items fit in a Step 2 kitchen fridge?
We purchased and like this set; however there are many reports of there being lead and barium in M&amp;D paints. Can anyone show me how to find out?
Does anyone know if the "latches puzzle" fits in this rack. It is 11.5 x 15.5. I would like a rack for it but the large one needs to fit.
Will the chunky puzzles (farm animals, safari animals, insects, etc) fit in this deluxe puzzle rack?
What are the dimensions of the slots?
Can this rack be mounted to a wall?
Does it only fir Melissa and Doug puzzles or can you use other ones? Thank you.
What are the dimensions of the rack itself?
I am seeing mixed answers to this in the reviews: do the sound puzzles fit?
Do the jumbo knob puzzels fit?
How do the cookies taste?
Are any of the cookie pieces a choking hazard? I can't what suze they are from the pictures? Thanks!
Does anyone know if this fits inside the KidKraft Retro Kitchen's oven?
Does the cookie sheet fit in the Ikea Play Kitchen oven?
Has this product been recalled
Is there still a problem with this paint?
what are dimensions of the cookie sheet?
Does this cookie set fit well with the KidKraft cook together kitchen?
What play kitchens does this fit besides the Melissa and Doug kitchens?
Are the pieces wood?
What is the approximate size of an individual puzzle piece?
I'm thinking about giving this as a present - is it too simple for a 4 year old?
Will Matchbox and Hotwheels fit well, in elevator ,&amp; on ramps? Will they fly off the ramps?
Can the cars roll down the ramps from top to bottom without getting stuck on the turns?
The majority of my son's cars are Mattel Disney 'Cars', will they fit?
what are the dimesions of the box it arrives in?
Is this garage wide enough for Fisher Price Wheelies?
Does it come with any cars?
Are these exactly the same size as real bills?
Is it real?
Is this the size of a real dollar bill? n Can I order them in various denominations
How many are in the stack? And are they double sided on all of the bills in the stack?
Does the opening on the bottom have a lip or a wire? I'm looking for a tent my son can sleep in on the bed, but most of them have a wire or lip
Has anyone used this NOT at the beach? Like at a park? Wondering how well the stakes would hold up in the actual ground.
dos anyone know the measurements of this twent when it is up? length, width, height?
Will this fit in a suitcase for flying?
Could a 6yr old and 3yr old fit in this tent?
does the front opening zip all the way shut so I can use it for a tent?
Does this tent have a bottom, or do you need to use a towel or beach blanket?
Is that a window or screen in the back?
Is it easy to close? I've had my fair share of problems with closing tents and packing them away.
Can it be used a concrete surface?
Is the Papo shark safe in a fresh water aquarium for fresh water fish?
do the mouths open ?
Is it made of rubber
what is it made of?
Does he have cloth covered eyes?
I understand that the eyes are plastic but I would like to know if the nose is plastic too?
Were you happy with the size? I was hoping for a 20 inch doll but the 15 inch is half the price!
Does he stand on his own? My daughter has been carrying Tickle me Elmo around and likes that he stands , but now wants to sleep with him too.
I'm confused. The description of this Elmo says it's 15" but in the product details, the dimension shows it to be 9.3". So what is it?
is it washable? if not, how do you clean it?
Is Elmo's mouth open or is it just a black solid smile? I can't tell by the picture?! Our LO likes to "feed" Elmo goldfish at a friends house.
Included Servos?
how big is it
How much wind can the plane take? Does the weather have to be perfectly still?
I want to know if this plane included the .40 engine, receiver and servos. Tkanks
I want to kwon if this plane included the remote control?
Is flying with nitro something not done by begineers?
Are there holes on the top for flag sticks?
If I were to use these to train a driving student, would hitting them cause any damage to the car? And could they hold up to being hit?
Do these cones have cut outs at the top, where I could put a flag in it if wanted to?
what is the price for only 2 cones
Are these products BPA free?
How do these straws fare against acidic drinks? Are they reusable often?
how many straws are in this pack?
What about phalates?
Are these STRAWS reusable? I have a kit that looked similar to this; in my kit the connectors are rubbery, but the straws are just disposable straws.
is this kit for one person only?
what kind of plastic are these straws and connectors made of?
What are the dimensions of this piano?
What age does this start at? Would it be good for a 2 year old?
Have a 3 and 5 yr old, is this too small for them?
Would this project be good for a 7-year-old girl?
How long does it take to make
Is this remote controlled or just random movements?
Could you use one of the Monster drink cans? I think they are taller and maybe thinner than the average soda can. I think it would make a cute one.
Does this have to be a tin can? Most soda cans are aluminum.
does this have a remote control
How tall is it
is it made in america
is this rc controlled?
Can we add a sensor to it?
Howmanyinchesisthisproudt
how does it compare to Gund Sesame Street Big Bird 14" Plush? what's the difference?
does this big bird talk or sing
How tall is this Big Bird?
Can the eyes be pulled off? I worry about a choking hazard.
what is the size?
what size is it??? Height?
what size is Big Bird?
can you use it outside
Can you use these on carpeted floors?
Need to know if the balls are round. And if pins stand straight,
are these clear on both sides?
Are these standard mtg size sleeves?
I am wanting to buy multiple of these sleeves, do you do combine shipping?
grand daughter going to be 3..she &amp; big sister play on mom's note pad..is this too "young" for her?? thanks!
what age is this for
What type of batteries does it use?
Hi, are the pages on the toy a plastic material? (I don't want paper/cardboard material for my special needs son)
Can I change the lenguage to spanish?
I have a 5 month old great grandson is this for his age limit?
I need to know the dimensions of this product?
Good days I would like to know if this toys is available in Spanish or only comes in english. Thanks, vtehc touch turtle
Just use the English language.? You can switch to Spanish.?
What is the age group
Can this toy be taken apart in to two separate pieces?
Is this hard to use as a ride on? I'm worried that my one year old won't be able to move both front and back at the same time to ride.
Does the train light &amp; make any sounds ?
Is this a good walker for 9 month old that's able to pull herself up?
What kind of weight limit would you put on this?
What is the age recommendations?
Is this for outdoor use ?
Hello! What is the weight of the toy?
is there 13 cubes or 26 cubes?
Can I buy one replacement letter? We lost the letter V. Thank you. Ria
can someone tell me why I see this at wallmart for $80 and its $300 on amazon? lol
not powering on? Can it be that both are defective, or is there something else I am missing here?
fit adult head? thanks: fit adult head?
Gold Box Deal 11/30 ? ok, I missed out on the GoVote deal, so I check back in today and it says that it's a Gold Box (even the GB page shows a knife).... is it to be a Lightning Deal ?
Battery Pack question: Does anyone know how open the battery pack?
Hi, my son has this but we can't figure out how to erase the stuff he recorded on the little mp3 part of it, any ideas?
Will this take an AC adapter?
What size batteries and how many ?
Just wondering if all the answers are from 2014. At one point walmart and kohls had it for 40 bucks but now see it on amazon for 74. St
Can my 7 year old make his own songs on this or does he have to use one of the pre-recorded nursery songs that come on it already?
I've read that there is an ac adaptor for it but also that it takes batteries. Can this be powered by just batteries or does it need to be plugged in?
I start play Kidijamz and then it shuts down ...How do I fix it
what age group
Can I save my child's recordings from the MP3 player onto my computer, or a USB, etc.? Wondering if I can preserve her creations. Thanks!
Does the little MP3 player play songs that are not created using the keyboard/microphone (can I put songs on it from my computer?)?
What's it made of?
Can you put hot tea and really drink out of them?
Does the lid stay on when the child tips the teapot?
Is this set too small for a 5 &amp; 6 year old?
Is this bpa free?
How many ounces of water will the teapot hold?
Do the tea cups sit firmly/securely. I have another big name brand plastic tea set (pink and green w/a butterfly) and the cups are very tippy.
Does the teapot still leak? Or did they fix that? I am considering getting for my daughter to actually use, so if it still leaks it would be useless
do you get the old teapot that is pictured with the high spout or the newer one that doesn't spill?
is the teapot blow molded (one piece) or injection molded (2 piece welded together
If I order today or tomorrow can they arrive before 04/12/2014
Would need to know exactly which colors come in each package and how many of each?
How long to arrive to zip 60525
If I order today will I have them before 10/24/14?
If I buy these ballons, can I get a inflator?
Can you please ship this to Bangladesh with Statndard shipping if i pay the charges ??
how many balloons from each colors includes?
Can you blow the balloons up without helium?
Are the colors the same as in the picture ie. are they blue, green, orange, pink and purple? I can't understand from the comments.
What size is this batting helmet?
Does this come with a chin strap?
what is difference between this medical kit and the one thats says for boys which is double the price
What size is medical kit
What is frustration free packaging vs standard packaging?
made in the usa
Is this safe for a 2-year-old?
which ages can wear?
The accesories has sounds and lights?
Does the stethoscope actually work or does it makes silly sounds instead?
What is the appropriate age for a child using this toy?
Does costume come with it
So it doesn't come with the pictured king/queen/princesses, etc.?
What is the age range for this dollhouse? Thinking of getting it for a six year old.
Is this dollhouse too minimal for a 9 year old?
How tall are the two dolls?
4 year old too old?
How much does it weigh?
Other dolls that fit well: Can anyone suggest other doll brands that fit well in this house?
Has anyone used this house for playing with Lalaloopsy mini dolls? I'm hoping they'll fit!
What are the dimensions when it is folded up? Id like to bring this to my twin grandchildren for family play.
Would Calico Critters fit well in this dollhouse? Thanks!
Are these a choking hazard? Thinking of buying for my 1 y/o.
Do these come with a canvas bag to keep them in?
what are the dementions of the smallest block in the plan toys 50 set ?
In what country are these blocks manufactured and painted?
A lot of people said these are small... anyone suggest larger standard blocks? Thanks.
Is the water feature a pro or con in your estimation? And if it is, would you prefer the pool/ball space be added to the bounce area?
Is there an age range for this size bouncer?
What voltage is needed by the pump? I want to take the unit to the UK and want to know is the PSU is 110v or 110 to 240v?
Does buying from Amazon include the 2 year manufacturer warranty?
How big is the jump zone area?
Which are the packaging measures?
What is the height at the back of the slide portion? (Trying to fit just that right side, excluding the tall cones, under a 7 foot ceiling)
please need the shipping box dimensions in order to proceed, thaks for your prompt replay
how big is the ball pit area?
Is the bounce house really 9 ft tall? My room is 7'8'' high. I'm wondering if i can still inflate it. Maybe just the cones on top will be smushed?
What age is this for?
What are the dimensions of the product packaged for shipping?
Best way to store this?
How long is the power cord? Can you use with a standard extension cord and does it list any requirements for the extension cord?
How high are the inside walls from the bounce surface to the top of the wall?
Dimensions: 12x15x7 -- Is the slide (entrance) on the 12 or the 15 foot side?
is the material of this bounce house pretty commercial grade? or does it seem thin? concerned about wear and tear w/ all the kid/teen traffic.
What sort of rope should I use to tie it down? I will probably place this on our driveway, any advice?
What is the warranty??
can you get a canapy for it
Some reviews say that it is wobbly so I am concerned. Is it just as sturdy as any other toddler climber? Is it appropriate for a 3 year old?
is this safe on indoor wooden floors for a 3 year old?
My son is 4 yrs old. Is this pretty small for a toddler that age? I'm afraid that the slide will be too small or something.
how long is the slide?
did yours come with holes to put the screws into to secure the ladder part and the slide part to the base? my set came with 4 screws but no holes
Would this climber be easy to dissemble? I'm buying it used and need to be able to fit it in my Honda element.
Can you purchase the balls separately? We were given this from a friend, but don't have the balls.
what Maximum weight limit?
what are the actual dimensions after assembly?
Hi. How do you hammer in the support bar at the bottom?
How does it get anchored if indoors?
Does it have to be assembled?
would this be ok for a two year old that loves climbing? or too high? thanks
what is the dimention of the shipping box?
Is the platform under the flag big enough for 2 kids to sit/play on? We're worried our boys will fight over who gets to play there.
How does it hold up in the sun for the long run? Do you notice any deterioration? I live in Texas, so I'm just wondering if it will become brittle..
can this be moved for mowing? how many people to lift it?
Can this go on a moderately sloped yard and still be safe/ stable?
Will this climber fit in an average basement, height and width? how heavy is the package?
How tall is it without the Flag?
batteries required?
Do you think it would be good for an 11 year old girl? Or is she too old?
are the eye holes or "duel scope" adjustable so he can make the distance wider or narrower?
Could prepared specimen slides be used with this scope?
Are there any slides included with this microscope?
What kind of batteries does it take
Has the issue of the on button breaking easily, been resolved? I was reading the 1 and 2 star reviews and this seemed to be a problem a year or so ago
My son is 4. is this too fragile for his age?I'm also strongly considering Educational insights my first microscope. Hes good with toys but still 4!
What is the difference between the I-explore scope and the duo-scope? Can they be used for the same things?
What material are the cards made out of? Is it paper card stock or more durable like casino playing cards?
is this the card set that has multi-colored cards? I don't want the set that has just green colored commodities. The first picture on the Amazon ad has the multi-colored set but when I click it, it goes to the green colored set. So which is it? This...
Is this a good card game for adults
Can I brush this product on? I am trying to repair the chipped faux chrome bezel on my Glaxay Note 3.
so is this only for hobby stuff?? My brother wants me to paint his Harley tank but if this is not going to stand up to the weather, than its a no go
I have a small curb scratch on my Chrome Auto Rim, will this touch up the scratch and blend okay?
I'd like to use this paint to fix some chips on the outside trim of my Galaxy S5, will the paint work with a brush, do I need black backer too? Thanks
can i use this on wood?
I need to re-chrome the bezels on a car gage panel. Should I use a gloss white paint undercoat? Where can I find the directions?
If I were to paint the other side of a clear panel will it look like chrome looking through from the non-painted side?
Looking to paint gold metal studs on my everyday purse - Will this paint hold up? Otherwise, what do I use? ..having a hard time finding a solution.
Do I need an airbrush machine to use this product? The label says ready to spray but I'm not sure what that means if bottle doesn't have a sprayer
who many bottle need for paint 20'' wheel for camaro 2012 and is need to mix any lucker or chemical to spray?
Does this come with the standard 3 pin cable?
does this servo come with the turning arms on top?
is original by futaba
does it comes with original package?
ordered this as a replacement servo but it rotates in the opposite direction than the original...are there a left and right hand version?
I've been having a terrible time soldering Silver Filled Jewelry &amp; also finding a solder for base metals. Would this product work? Thanks!
has anyone used it to spot solder stainless steel flatware?
Does it come with that bottle of stay clean?
can this be used with a soldering iron or do you have to use an open flame torch
Is this solder harder than regular electronic solder? I am trying to repair fret wear grooves on guitar. The you tube demo says 'use silver solder'.
What wattage soldering iron are folks using? Will this stuff work with a 25W iron? thanks!
ant to solder a 1/2" stainless steel coupling to a stainless steel brewpot for making beer. Will this solder work with a mapp torch?
What is the % of silver?
What is the % of silver?
What percent silver is the solder?
how many modes come with this transmitter? because i like throttle and ailerons on the left stick.
Is this a Mode 2 transmitter? (throttle on the left)
Does this item come with the receiver?
Is this product compatible with tamiya 1/14 scale king hauler? Edit - Looks like what I need is a comparable 4-channel remote with analog trim mode. This is for working the Tamiya MFC-01 light and sound kt. Thanks for your replies guys.
Do they sell the chair at all? Does anyone sell it?
What's the point of an Amazon pre-order... ...if you don't get the product the day it comes out (or 2 days later with Amazon prime shipping)?
does it sing elmo's song
Official Release Date? Has the official release date been changed to Nov. 1st or is that just when Amazon is going to receive them?
Fisher-Price Elmo Live: According to the Fisher Price website, this toy will not be available un June, is this an actual Elmo Live, or is this an Elmo Knows My Name?
Battery or AC Power?
What is the difference between this model and the Laugh N Learn Puppy and Pal Learning Table?
Are the sounds on this table loud?
How stable is this table? My son is big-time in the pulling up stage, so I need something that can support the pulling and tugging...thanks!
Is there a secret to removing the legs? We are afraid we'll break them if we just force them to come out.
Is it made in China??
Does this article can direct mail to China?
Do you have it with russian language?
Is this joy include Chinese language?
Is there batteries required
Can you remove the legs once they have been attached?
Are the dogs included with the house?
Which family is included with this dollhouse? African American or Caucasian?
Is the Grand doll house just a larger house? Are the accessories the same for both houses
Is the house made of wood or plastic?
2 1/2 year old girl's BIG gift? What would you buy for a 2 1/2 year old girl's BIG gift?
IN main description, says comes with baby &amp; toddler. In product description, says twins. Which? I want twins...
Has anyone bought this for their 2 year old? Are there small pieces with this doll house? Thanks!
Has anyone bought this for their 2 year old? Are there small pieces with this doll house? Thanks!
What is the size of a box when shipped? The description has two measures: 23.4 x 9 x 15.9 inches and in the text below it says 44"L x 11"W x 30.5"H?
Is the grand doll house the only one with sound?
Hi, I just received our jeep rubicon and I am quite disappointed as the jeep does not have the radio and seat belts. Is that normal?, thank you
How much outdoor space do you need to have fun with it?
Whats the Average run time on a full charge? I know it will vary a lot on the terrain, but just getting an idea, Thanks!
Seating size for FP Jeep Rubicon vs. Hurricane Ride On: Looking for a ride on for my somewhat bigger almost 3 year old--- do both seem to have the same seating area?
How do you get it into the higher gear?
What age group is this item for?
FP Jeep Rubicon vs Tough Talking Wrangler - Which One?
what is the weight limit for this
Can the jeep drive up a sloped backyard?
How much can u weigh to ride
Does the the demo reel that comes w/the view master make the sound of the animals?
what reels should i buy so i knwo they will have the sound? i would like to get the toy story but not sure if that will have sounds on the projector.
can you use regular reels?
I bought one and purchased the look and learn and they are not making any sounds. what I'm i doing wrong?
Can you purchase a ac cord for it
Does this work with 3D reels?
Where do you get a sound cartridge? It says sold separately. Where do you get discovery reels?
Does the viewmaster come with any reels? If so, how many?
Does it auto advance the reels or must you advance them by hand? If it does auto advance can you tell me how to make it auto advance
Does this view master by Discovery play 3d reels and display them as 3d?
Computer Cool School original software: Is there a download available for the Computer Cool School?
Windows 7? Can this be used with windows 7?
I bought this second hand, and I got the replacement software, but we don't have the tracing inserts for this. Is it still usable without the inserts?
Is it in spanish language? I'm very interested in buying this toy, but I have to be sure it works in spanish language, does anybody know somehting about it?
Is this in Spanish? Who knows if Fisher-Price Fun-2-Learn Computer Cool School is in spanish version.
Cool School or Digital Arts and Crafts Studio: Should I buy Cool School or the Digital Arts and Crafts Studio?
Fisher-Price Computer Cool School for left-handed kids?
Will this work on an old school windows computer? Like a 95/98?
Can this be used with a second monitor
Does it help with learning the letter sounds?
is this a good choice for a 17 month old or this toy is manly for new walkers? what do you suggest for a tall baby ? She does not need a walker, I am looking for a stroller that does not tip over easily for her to play with her dolls .thanks
Does this stroller come in a box or only the shipping box? Giving it as a gift and want to make sure to can be wrapped nicely.
Can it be taken apart once it's been put together for shipping purposes?
does it work on tiled floors or on lawn grass?
We have a walker but my soon to be 1 year old can't turn it. How well does this turn?
Is this brand new and does it come in the box?
Is this toy mainly for babies who cannot walk themselves yet? I just don't know if this is a right toy for my 13 yo dtr who runs like crazy..
How easy is the assembly? It's a gift we;re sending to our niece. Thanks!
Is this suitable for a 2 year old? If so, is she likely to enjoy it for a year or two?
How tall is the stroller?
Is there a foot or hand brake ?
Is this item ok for a 1 yr old
My daughter is 33" tall and weighs 27 lbs. She's 2 1/2. Is this going to be too little for her? We need it for camping.
Is this meant for indoor or outdoor use? If indoor, how much damage does it do to the walls/doors when they run into them?
How long does it take to charge a discharged battery? How long does it hold the charge?
Is the battery included?
need to know if this uses a blue battery?
Is it hard to put together?
I noticed that someone said this does all right on grass. Can t handle thick, tall grass?
does it go in reverse
Does this lighter contain any lighter fluid? I am going to travel with it and need to know if this can be packed in my check-in luggage? Thanks!!!
Can I use other brand lighter fluid rather than Zippo lighter fluid?
Any fluid inside? Since I want to bring it to another country, so is it filled with fluid inside?
How much does it hurt when you're hit with one of these?
what size of rubber bands does this product require - i see two different suggestions above ranging from 2-6 inches :0$
What size rubber bands do I need for this product?
What size rubber band is the best to buy for this Schylling Rubber Band Gun? Thank you!
SIZE OF GUN
I have a 2.5 year old &amp; she loves guitars. I don't want to buy a plastic toy one that is unlike the actual instrument. Is 23" going to be too big?
Do you have any red ones left?
Measurments
I know that the tuners are bad on this guitar so is it possible to put custom tuners on this?
Seems to be mixed reviews on whether or not you can order a specific color - I really do not want a pink guitar for my so.Any way to ensure the color?
Do you have a left handed guitar for small children?
I live in Nevada. How long will it take to get here?
Is there a way I can request a specific color? I'd like to order 2 of these for my children but only if I can choose the color.
does it come with a strap to wear the guitar or can you attach one?
I would like to order a guitar in a specific color, the brown. Is this possible? Thanks!
where do i get a charger
Difference between the green and the red Fisher-Price Spike Dinosaur: Does anyone know if there are differences between the green and the red Fisher-Price Spike Dinosaur (other than the collor...)?
We got one at a garage sale that is missing the battery. What kind of battery does it take?
Can anyone tell me where could I find a replacement remote for my son's spike dinosaur.
I bought this used and I have the remote and battery, but no cord to charge the battery. Does anyone have one?
Where do I purchase the 9.6 v battery. Apparently their is a difference in 9.6 v
I need a battery replacement for the LH 130-2A51MC8HROT rechargable battery pack. Where can I get it?
Does anyone have a charger to sell? I don't need the battery pack
do you sell just the rechargable battery?
Where do you plu in the charger to recharge the battery on the dinosaur? Seems like it should be obvious but I don't see an entry point.
Does this pack come with a faucet filler?
do these pop easlily?
Are these latex free?
can you fill them from a garden hose?
What are they made out of?
How long does it take them to break down?
what size are the balloons?
Are these latex-free?
Could the opening fit over a plastic water bottle?
If the statue is kept outside in the yard will the paint fade or chip?
What is the weight of the item? I would like to use it to keep a door open
i need two mid shih tzu one all blk with light silver on back and a blk&amp;wt
Is this life size sculpture suitable for outdoor (on patio) use?
do you accept special orders where you are sent a photo and create a sculpture from the photo?
Is the prairie kitchen standard white with pink handles? I cannot tell if it might be more of an off white or ivory color?
What is the height from the floor to the countertop? Thank you!
What is the diameter of the black gas burner? I am wondering if I can use other wooden play cooking sets like Melissa and Doug
What is size (exact dimension) of packed product?
how wide is this?
The video implies there is a ticking sound and a bell timer on the oven? Is there? And/or do the knobs "click' as they are turned? Thanks
could you inform me size and weight of the packaged product. thanks
What kind of wood is this made out of? Is there plywood? Is it made with non-toxic glue and paints?
Hi! Could you send this item to Poland? Tank you for your answer.
Is this kitchen made out of real wood or MDF?
Does this work for Elenco Snap Circuits SC-300 Physics Kit?
There are some projects that need two battery packs. Do you need to get two Snap Circuits Battery Eliminators
do you need the battery eliminator for the car?
Does this work with the rover?
What are the dimensions of this fire engine?
How do you make it light up? Just got it and nothing can't tell if it's the batteries or defective.
what type of batteries does it take?
What are the measurements? Height, width, and depth
What is the counter height on this kitchen? My daughter is very tall. (50")
Kidkraft sell Replacment Parts?
How big is the shipping box?
Missing parts right before Christmas! Hubby is trying to put together but all screws missing. Is there a hardware store to get them at (same size)?
How long does this take to put together?
Is the play kitchen really made in America?
Does this kitchen have the clock on the side of it?
what are the measures of the box
does it come with accessories, plates, cups etc?
Can you see the ants from both sides with the TVQuarium?
That`s pretty costly for ants isn`t it? Can you just gather your own?
size?
what are the dimensions of this aunt farm? Does it come with a queen?
Is this BPA free?
The broom handle broke, and just cutting down a regular adult broom handle to replace it doesn't work. Where can I buy a sturdy replacement handle?
Is the hole where the handle goes the standard size for all broom and mop handles?
will my purple v-tech cartridges from the older orange game system work with this system?
Can two children play together? Can you use 2 controllers at once?
Can two children play together? Can you use 2 controllers at once?
Does motion wireless controller work with v smile console?
Question about ages.. Could a very bright 2 1/2 year old enjoy the V Motion system?
Does it take the old vsmile cartridges? Hi I was wondering if any1 knew if you can use the traditional vsmile cartridges in this one?
can you use cartrides from the v smile learning center with v motion?
Is it two player? Anyone know?
what is a vlink and what do I do if I don't have it? I don't have what looks like a usb drive
Can you use this box to power regular lego toys?
Will the items in this pack allow us to work with the remote control or do I still need to get an Ir receiver?
Hey! For that motor, can I change the speed of it and how?
What remote do i need to get to control this?
If we have a lot of Legos, and kids with imagination to build things, what would I need to purchase aside from this box (and maybe RC and receiver)?
Will this pack work with the motorized lego trains?
Does this work with Helicopter #9396 ?
Why can't I find this set? I suppose a lot of people bought it to power their Christmas models?
wait if u wanted to make a car can u control it or is it just going to move forward?????
Can this be used with the Pickup Tow Truck (9395)?
Does its fur fall off easily? I don't want it to.
Can a person that purchased one used get an instruction manual for it?
FurReal Buscuit Black Collar...Blue Bone Doggie Tag? Is there a choice in stores?
is a fureal friend biscuit for a 8 year old girl
Does it walk or just sit there? I am just wondering if he walks around?
where to buy a collar and dog bone
Is this set compatible with the Lillabo tracks (from Ikea)?
Do we have to push the train or Is there a mechanism by which we screw the train and it goes by itself?
Are the track pieces double-sided? Meaning are they grooved on both sides so you can flip them over to connect them going the other direction?
Is this set compatable with Thomas And Friends Wooden Railway - Battery Powered Sir Topham Hatt Figure 8 Set?
What are the dimensions of track after its put together?
how large are the train cars
what is the suggested age for this train set?
what are the dimensions when assembled? Our train table is 22" x 31". Will it fit?
Is the engine battery operated?
Is this product BPA free.
Does the banana have a black tip? The end of our banana is not very smooth -- sort of jagged -- and not black and wondering if it's a dud.
Is this BPA free
Does this product contain BPA?
Are these small enough to fit inside of play pots?
Are these painted over or made of colored plastic?
Is the plastic BPA and Pythlate free?
Is there lead in the paint?
Where is this made?
How high is it?
How heavy this this? I live in an apt with twins so I would be bringing this in and out constantly - is that feasible?
Thinking about letting the kids use this to slide into their wading pool. What is the distance from the black hinge to the ground?
Buying this (used on Craigslist- $40!) for my 3.5 year old. He is~ 38"...think it will withstand my 6 y/o nephew also? He's 60lbs...
I'm planning to pick it up at a store. Did anyone try to fit it into a toyota camry trunk? Thank you all for your responses!... I got it! The slide was too long for the trunk but I was able to fit it on the reclined front seat w/o the box.
Would this be tall enough for a 3 year old who is 42 inches tall and weighs 42 pounds? I hate to buy it and have it not be sturdy enough for her.
I want to use it indoor, is the dimension after assemble &amp; open up 41Hx17Wx64L ?
is assembly required?
How long is the green section of the slide?
Is there a difference with this slide and the new slide just like it? They are calling this the older model - what is the difference?
is it washable?
Does this bunny has whiskers? It is confusing. Because the one I have doesn't. Is this authentic?
Does the fur come off when the child chews on it?
is he 12 inches if you lay him down and pull his ears up? Does 12 inches include his legs? I need to buy a duplicate and want it to match perfectly so my daughter doesn't notice.
Is the medium height of 12" with bunny ears up or down?
Where is this bunny made?
The Bunny pictured looks like a grey bunny but it says beige, which is it?
Can the ears be made to stand up alone or shaped?
I have just ordered this to be sent direct to USA - not even room to say who it is from! Can you add a gift tag please!!?
the 12 in looks like a different material &amp; differnt bunny..please help?
About how large do you think one of them is?
How many bugs come with the order?
How old should a child be to safely handle this product?
carpet
What's the recommended age?
does a battry come with the bug
Which bug do you receive?
Do you get 5 ?
does this include all 5 bugs?
Are these compatible with the First Hexbug Hive Habitat?
Can anyone tell me how fast is too fast to drive with the swan tied to roof racks?
What is the weight limit for adults?
Has anyone tried floating/riding the swan in the ocean? I am thinking about buying one to take to the beach this summer...
What are the dimensions of box when shipped and it's actual weight?
What pump do you suggest to purchase with it for a sand bar party?
what is the dimension of the package (with the box)? (this is for the shipping calculation)
Does this have a grommet or place to connect the float to a rope? We want to tie it onto our dock so it doesn't float away.
How do you inflate the swan? All the description says is that it is easy to inflate. Do you need a pump such as is used for air mattresses?
What is the size of the giant swan original pack?
Does this work on the wii? So does anyone know if this works on the wii or is it for the computer only?
Does anyone have an opinion on the Stix 400 Starter Pack? Does anyone have an opinion on how this works and also, what kinds of games are online for it.
Does it work with racing games like F1 2012 for PC?
Are they duplicate or not?
what is the actual size of these duckies?
Do these rubber duckies float?
Hello, a few months ago i bought '50 Assorted Ducks' but now it wont let me order any more? I live in Aus, do you not send to Aus anymore? Thanks
Are they BPA or phathalate free?
Do these rubber duckies float upright?
We need to cut 1"x1" soda lime glass slides in 3 straight strips of 1"x1/3". Would this tool do the job?
Do you still need to score the glass? I would like to use them on my coe 90 glass for glass fusing.
Are these the nippers I need to cut china plates for mosaics? Thanks for your answer!
I've heard the wheeled nippers are best for cutting glass tiles so they don't shatter. How are they for cutting glazed ceramic tile up to 3/8" ?
is this tool Diamond Tech int'lss item # 491 nippers? I'm looking to replace that model.
How thick a piece of glass will these cut?
What brand are these nippers? Leponitt?
where do I get replacement cutter wheel?
appropiate for what age
How big is this monkey?
Is it washable?
do the socks and shoes come off?
I've had 2 with zippers that get stuck. Anyone come up with a fix so it doesn't consistently happen?
how big is this toy?
Is the terrifyingly large monkey from the pictures included? Or... how do I get one?
is there velcro?
Does the zipper come completely apart,so they have to connect both sides
IS U-DANCE WORTH THE $22... Can you get more songs? Can you get more songs?
Can motion tags be used without shoes?
U-dance on carpet? Also is it suitable for a 5 yr old: What do you all think?
Anybody have U-Dance game ?
u-dance: Any thoughts on this?
what is the power supply?
Would this product work to increase the listening ability of an outdoor audio video security camera?
I am thinking about getting this for my 8 yr old nephew is this a good buy
Is there a paint kit that would be good for these, and if not what color paint should I get.
I'm looking to make a diorama with my grandfather ( he's the best at models and my not half bad ) but how is the detail and quality
What would come with this kit ?
does it come with a wand?
Does it come with a magic wand?
Does it come with an instructoin book too? Won't have a computer or DVD available.
Are the tricks in this kit different than those in the "Ideal 100-Trick Spectacular Magic Show Suitcase with Instructional DVD?"
Do you expect more in time to ship for Christmas?
Is this suitable for a 4 year old?
is the wand included
Are these water balloons latex free?
When full, how big in diameter is the balloon?
Are there multiple colors? Or black only?
What is the age for this toy? I have a two year old grandson
Is the drill attached to the workbench, or will it come loose so it can be carried around?
Is this functional? Can you actually hammer in nails and screw into holes? Or are the tools just to pretend with?
How high is the bench's work surface above the floor
What is the difference between this one and the $100+ one?
Does the drill work with batteries?
Do the legs adjust to different heights?
What is the size of the box
Does the workshop come with instructions?
What is the size of the box which this comes in?
Does this bag have a stand?
Does this bag fold to pack inside a suitcase?
Is this seven inches long? What are its dimensions? Does it come with clubs? This look ornamental rather than functional.
Do you think I can jerry-rig the bag to a golf cart?
How big are the side pockets? I need the pockets to hold a few items approx. 12" tall and 1" wide.
does the strap stay rigid?
does this bag have a brace on the back. I.E. is it cart friendly?
What is the shipping rate to Australia?
how much does this bag weigh?
does this bag include a rain cover for the clubs?
Does this come in an adult version?
Does anyone have a book of instructions for Kota? We got him at a garage sale...no book.
Where can I purchase the leaf from
Does this come with a saddle?
I need a new battery cover and leaves for Kota dinosaur, anyone know how to obtain these?
does it move on battiers?
how do you get the head to move
I thought someone posted a link for the instruction sheet, but I do not see it now. Does anyone have a link for the instruction sheet?
head has spring loose
manufacturer
Is the cage plastic or metal?
I have two complaints on this. The numbers rubbed off on first game played and one ball was missing.
Will this game come with all 5 items?
who make this game
Can someone tell me the overall height of the Cage including the stand and also the diameter of the round cage? Is it 8" or 9"?
Does anyone know the size of the cage balls for this game. Most of the replacement balls that I have found on-line are 1.5 inches. Thank You !
We have really bad wind storms....so bad that our trampoline flew across the yard and landed on our playhouse.... will this stay in place?
Does it smell?
Does it get too hot during the summer months?
Would this product make a good ground cover for a carport/garage?
how much area will a pallet cover?
how heavy are the bags...actually?
It state above that, "Rubber Mulch will hold its color for many years, expected to last 5-8 years of use". What color does it fade too?
how heavy are the bags?
how large are the pieces of rubber? does it look like mulch or pellets
Does this product get hot to the touch in Summer months?
At a 3" depth how many square feet with this cover?
is there a sealant included? What finishes the magnets?
how many tiles are included?
Are these magnets strong, or do the tiles fall off the fridge easily?
what size are the tiles?
What age group would you recommend this for?
what kind of extra paint should I buy, theres paints advertised undernieth the kit will they work?
What kind of paint works best? Sounds like more is needed.
Is this too childish for a 12 yr old girl?
Is this item good for a 5 year old?
Is the paint perminent?
Is it possible to choose a color?
Do the lights come on when not in use?
Are the lights supposed to keep flashing when not in play? Can't see how to turn it off.
Does this come with the string already attached?I bought one for my son and we had to put a string on it, and it's always getting tangled up.
I bought this a few days ago. Is it normal for it to make a rattling noise and have one side turn off before the other or is it broken?
Does it have a bearing
How well would light pass through these? I have a sun catcher project these might be good for and am looking for a stained glass effect.. Thanks!
are all of the slices the same thickness? I have an idea about using these under a glass top on my coffee table.
Are they real cristals stones or fakes ones?
Have you ever tried to glue stone to metal? If so- does it work? Are they uniform enough in size to make nice looking door pulls?
could you possibly drill a hole in both ends? One on top and one on the bottom?
can I get them with holes drilled in them?
I need 3 slices thin enough to put into picture frames (recessed opening 5x5). I need them in dark reds and golds. Do you have any?
Do they have drilled holes? For Jewelry making for example?
Do you have any that are 2.5 - 3" long (and without holes)?
You show 2 bottles plus 1 w/pump. You say PUMP NOT INCLUDED, but contradict that in the Q/A. What is actually included here?
How long will the 36" balloons stay afloat for?
How many 36" balloons will this fill?
Does this ultra hi float treatment comes with pump?
Is there a replacement or alternate stand for this....the one that comes with it is absolutely terrible!
Can a better stand for it,be purchased? And, if so...from whom?
Why was I shipped one enterprise D that doesn't work at all?
Is this the current re-release that DST bought out in 2013? Or the 2009 version? The re-release has added windows on the neck of the model
Hello Nayge, thank you for the answer. One more question. Does this model require that decals be placed on the unit by the end-user?
does this model require assembly?
Why is this plastic model so much money?????? I bought another Diamond Select Enterprise TOS for only about 40-50.00 about two years ago.
Hi, do the Enterprise Ds you're selling have the windows painted on the 'neck' of the ship? The 1st release had no windows, but the 2nd release did.
Diamond Select Toys U.S.S. Enterprise NCC-1701-D: Why is the one you are selling cost 209.99 and every were else its only 45.00 to 50.00 ????
Can you turn on the lights and have them stay on?
what is the difference in the Eyeclops and the EyeClops multiezoom?
What is the Quality Difference (image-wise) Versus the BioniCAM..? Anyone???
Educational Games/Toys: Does anybody have suggestions for games or toys that are educational, and appropriate for that age group?
How long is the blade and how long this the handle?
Is this wall mountable for display?
My light saber glow is not uniform. There are sections of slightly darker spots through the glow. Is that normal or defective?
I received this along with the Anakin one yesterday. The Darth Maul saber doesn't seem to be as loud as the Anakin one; can the volume be increased?
Can you remove the bottom? To make it look like an unbroken handle and to make it look like a regular red lightsaber.
sorry, in the description there's written "... Glowing, bright blue blade ignites ..." but the Darth Maul's lightsaber it's sith red, isn't it?
does it come with both sides? or is it a single blade?
Can this version be attached to the removable blade version to form the double bladed lightsaber?
Is the blade removeable in this version?
Does this smell like gasoline for anyone else?
How tall is the counter?
What are the best accessories to buy for the kitchen? I'm having a hard time deciding what to get for my 2 year old daughter.
How tall is the kitchen?
Is the odor / toxic fumes something everyone experiences?
As the weight of the stove?
available in white?
How long does it take to put together?
Do the melissa and doug cookie sheets fit in the oven?
Do you have to assemble it
Can this tool be used for burniing/signing your signature on wood?
would this work for wax?
What's the difference between this the Creative Hobby Tool and the Creative Woodburner Value Pen?
Can you cut Vinyl with this? I'v been looking for easier way to cut up old junk records? (No classics, don't worry)
Can you cut through 1" foam board?
Would this work for cutting foam board?
Can I use this to cut carpeting?
I want to cut styrofoam. Will the hot knife offer a clean (smooth) edge? Will styrofoam melt on contact?
How thick of plastic will this cut?
Will this cut sunbrella fabric?
whats the secret to opening kiltz money box
Need to know how to solve this. I bought one at a garage sale without instructions.
Can you put a check in?
Can this the used again or is it a one "time use "gift box?"
Will it take 5 twenties or 2 fifties do I have to get a 100
Will a paper gift certificate fit into this puzzle?
Can you fit 2 gift cards (one directly on top of the other)?
Is the solution included??
I want to put 100.00 bill in it.
Can a $50.00 bill be put inside this as it looks like it's only made for the size of a credit card. I wanted to put a bill in it? How does that work
What is it?
the description says 12 per package, but the headline says 1 count...How many is it?
what does it do?
what is it?
Why is this so exp expensive?
Do the tools talk outside of the tool box?
what is the size of the tools?
when will it be delivered
We have a Dizzy Disc that my daughter loves and uses daily. I was thinking of getting a 2nd one for the basement, but was wondering about his instead?
I have a two-year-old who loves to spin? Is this appropriate?
What is the difference between this spin disk and the Mars Flying Saucer spin disk offered by the same company?
What kind of warranty replacement do you offer?
is it plastic or metal.
What is the size of the airplane?
Do the wheels spin?
Does this plane have wing tips?
How tall is this monkey?
Is anyone selling the 2008 vines with the smaller eyes?
Hi ladies and gents! I just wanna know if this is the small eye version or the big eye version. I'm confused since they show both in the pictures. T
Do you still have one with the smaller eyes?
looking for something for my toddler to use on high chair tray. would they wash off that?
Do these crayons snap in half easily? My child loves to snap her crayons (grrr).
Would these be appropriate to give a 13 month old? He's been stealing my pens and sort of drawing with them.
Does the packaging say where this is manufactured?
Can these wipe off the walls or any other surface - like wooden floor, carprt, etc easily?
Are these larger than the regular crayons?
Does this include gray, peach and pink colors?
Do these work on dry erase boards?
Do these crayons break easily? Would you recommend for a 2 year old?
Could these cranyons be used in the bath tub?
Does it have a handle or something we can tie to it to float off a boat?
CAN you tell me the dimensions?
I want to take this on vacation with me, is it compact to fit in luggage before it is blown up?
Where do i get a pump for this thing?
Hello, Can you please tell me what the weight limit might be?
I do not understand the dimensions of how big the float is. How many feet long and how many feet wide?
what colors are in the set?
What type of fabric does this work best on?
Do these work on terry cloth bibs?
Are these the USA made markers, or are these the markers from China?
If you wrote on normal cotton T-shirts, would they bleed through?
can these be used on kids hands to do handprints on fabrics? Does it wash off hands?
Do these markers work with crayola airbrush?
Do the markers come in separately marked crayola boxes inside the box (so you can hand a package to each student)?
Do you have to iron these after designing to set the ink?
Who is the manufacturer? Is it actually crayola or did they just license it to someone?
The picture shows colored lanes . Are they really colored? Some reviews say they are not.
What are the sizes of the pegs and/or peg holes? This is primarily for those of us that want to use other pegs with this board.
what are the dimensions of the board?
I am a new Magic The Gathering player, and i just want a OP starter deck. So my question is will i get Land (Mana) in this order?
you will literally sell me 1000 magic cards and it is 20$? are they in mint condition?
it says that my order has not yet been shipped but I have ordered it. Are they out of stock?
I would like to start playing magic, would this be a good thing for me to buy as a starting deck?
Are all of the card in these lots able to be played in tournaments?
is there mana included
I'm new this. Is this a good buy for my very first magic deck?
Where can I get one of those white boxes? Can I buy them separately?
do you get a lot of duplicates?
when i order is there any way not to get japanese cards but only english instead?
What is the height of the stove and sink? Thank you.
Do the doors fall off easily? Do the doors fall off easily?
assembly
Does snyone know the dimensions of the oven/microwave and fridge interiors for kidkraft lg kitchen?
4 Year old to old for it? But is 4 years old to old to get some use out of it??
Is this good for an 8 yr old
Does it have a LOT of parts to assemble? How many?
What are the dimensions of the packaged product?
Does the yellow door below the sink open? Is this the "dishwasher"?
What is the size of the package?
Where can we get a replacement battery for this doll?!
Barbie Liana or Emma? What's her name? It it Liana or Emma, like it says " Barbie as Emma is dressed in an enchanting glittery gown "?
Where is the button to make the liana doll sing
Would it be possible for the center part of the flower on the hat to come off in baby's mouth?
Does this wash well? I want to put it through the washing machine per instructions, but I don't want the inside or outside material to be weird after.
Does this doll have a rattle in it?
Does this doll have a rattle in it?
Would a 5 year old girl like this doll as a cuddle doll?
How is this doll packaged? I need to purchase dolls for a fundraiser that are completely boxed up. Thank you!
Great ideas for 2 year old girls
Can you remove the clothes?
How tall is the doll and how does it compare to the gund dolls
where is doll made / is it machine washable?
How tall / large is it roughly?
How tall is the model
What all body parts does this come with
What age is this model good for
What is the difference between this Smart Lab body and their Squishy Human Body? Question asked before but no helpful answer given.
Does this come with trivia cards?
What is the difference between this model set and the other set by Smart Labs named "SmartLab Toys Squishy Human Body" (AISN: 1932855785) which incidentally is nearly half the price? Thank you kindly!
Is this Jemima Puddleduck machine washable?
what country is it made in?
Does anyone know what country this item was made in? Only answer if you know please.
Does Peter Rabbit's jacket come off?
Are the eyes sewn on? Is it approved for children under the age of 3?
Where is Peter made
Is this Peter Rabbit machine washable?
Why can't Opie build it?
Just finished assembling one, controlls all work in one direction only but will not work in the opposite direction, what have i done wrong ?
Does this robot have sensors? My son's project requires him to build a robot, but the robot must have sensors. Thanks!
How can I modify the OWI Robotic arm to reach 1 meter? I am working on a student project with my daughter and I am at my wits end on this.
Is it possible to interface between this and a microcontroller (instead of using the included controller) instead of the controller without a large amount of hacking?
Robot form OWI Robotic - zero support: Anyone had a similar experience?
How width does the gripper open? thank..
Can this be mounted on a 4WD Aluminum Chassis from Sainsmart?
how much weight can the robot arm lift
is this robot arduino control compatible with code ?
does it have a hollow inside
how many noodles came in the order?
How long is the noodle?
whats the dimension of the noodle
How much is shipping if I order 25?
Measures how many inches long?
If I ordered 7 or 10 is the shipping five for each one? Indiana
Can I order yellow only?
how big are the individual train cars? I don't know how big a HO scale is
my father already has his own HO transformers that control his trains-can he hook this up to his existing layout?
Can this be used at 240V ? Or do I need to use any converters?
Does this train also have train sounds?
What is(are) the year(s) of manufacture?
The image only shows year cards for 2007-2011. Has anyone who has bought it recently gotten a more current range of years?
How big is this? Poster size?
Do the pieces stick to the poster with Velcro, magnets, or...?
I see additional years were asked about back in 2013, but it's Nov 2014 now and I wonder if more years have been added.
If I buy this today will I get 2014-2017??
Can you get MORE years? I purchased this a long time ago and after the new year we will be out of years.
what years are included ?
Can you get spare keys? My daughter broke both of hers and now we can't open it.
What are the dimensions of it?
how long is it?
Is it hardcover? If not what kind of cover does it have?
how many pages in journal
how many pages in this journal
Does the binding hold-up to wear? All the pages fell out of my daughter's last diary.
do the pages have lines or is it plain white paper
is it hard covered
Does it come with a pen?
does it come with the bedding and the curtains
does this bunk bed fit the American girl dolls
do they come apart
how many outfit fit in the armoire?
is it for an ag doll
Is this pink or red bedding?
does it fit american girl dolls?
Will this work with the o gauge set ? I don't understand the o-27 in the title listing. Is that a different train ?
Will this work with this train. www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0006GYMTI/...
Bought the PE set this past Xmas (2014). It already comes with the 'talking' engine (or tender). So, why would I purchase this car? Confused!!!
Will this work with TMCC?
Currently when I press the Whistle button on my transformer, my tender creates the whistle sound. Will this still work if I add this car?
does it only say "All Aboard" or more? Thanks
How does the sound clip work with the transformer that. Comes with the o gauge train set ? Do you have to connect something to something ?
does this have an "undo" button?
How big id the actual screen?
can the game continue to 99999 with accumulated wins
Is the lighting LED?
Does this have a timer function?
What is the size
Do this game play Two games in one Klondike and Vegas?
Can you turn the sound off?
Does the game keep a running accumulated score. I have rec'd 3 different answers. Will the manufacturer answer or we to buy a pig in a poke?
Does it keep a running accumulated score?
How big is the actual screen?
274 dollars are you for reaL?
Are you serious? Is this game actually $271.00?? Why?????
can i get parts
Is there any place that I can get my Big Screen Solitaire repaired? It's getting harder and harder to have the buttons make contact!
Why is this game so expensive?
Does the light in the game go bad? It seems that it does not work well in the dark for long. If so, how do I change the light?
Seriously......$200. My mom loves this game and hers is having trouble with the buttons sticking and falling out. But it is plastic.... Really!
I have at least two older ones, one cost $10. and the other $ 15. However the buttons do not work. Can I fix these.
I bought the same Radica Solitaire game last year, in August, for 28.99. Why has the price increased so radically?
My D-Rex won't walk. it does everything else but I can't get it to walk. I can hear the gears moving in the legs but it doesn't walk.
What is the age recommendation
does he come with a remote? does anyone havwe instructions for it. bought mine used and my husband loves it!
How much money?
Interactive D-Rex by Mattel: Does anyone know the difference between the Interactive D-Rex and the 2009 Interactive D-Rex?
Does it sweat a lot when you fill the ice?
does it have a drain plug
is it reusable?
How much ice to fill it?
is there a drain in it?
what are inside dimensions
how many bottles of water does it hold?
where is the drain plug located?
Do you think this would hold a cooler and float, while floating down river?
Whats the best way to inflate it? I tried blowing on the inlet valve and it didnt work? Should I take it to a gas station?
does she sing the hot dog song
height of doll?
Do say words in spanish?
Does it take AA batteries
What song does she sing?
age group?
Does she sing the "bow-tique theme song" (welcome to my new bow-tique...." or the hot dog song ? Maybe she sings both ?
What size is this toy wagon? The manufacturer now calls it a doll wagon. Is the handle plastic?
Is the wagon handle plastic or metal?
The dimensions are listed as 20" x 24" x 11". This does not alot of sense in view of the answers her related to size. How big is it really?
What is the size of the body
what size is it
What is the weight limit?
was this recalled?
I was wondering how high the seat is on this horse please?
I just received the Rockin Rider Pony Pink. I noticed one eye is high and the other eye is very low. Is that right? It doesn't look right.
Hi.Is the base plastic or wood?
where are the batteries
how does the horse talk? Is there someplace to touch?
What's the target age for this toy?
I received this as a gift and was wondering if the pony needs to be screwed into the base. I didn't receive screws or any pieces to attach pony to base and it seems as though it comes off easily when my child rides it. Thanks
What kind of batteries does this pony require? And are they included?
what is weight limit?
Can someone get me the lyrics of this song--I am a little pony?
does this pony talk and what are the dimension of this pony
What are the dimensions?
I have had my pony for years. Let's just say about 9. I want to replace the batteries, but can't figure out where they go.
how do i replace the batteries?
how do you get the pony to talk/sing? is there an on/off switch
can this pony be converted to a rolling ride on pony? That is can the rockers be removed and wheels added
what batteries does it take
Will this damage wood floors?
Is there a volume control?
Is this able to battle?
is this card fake .
is it real
its a fake they can only go up to 250 HP and that can not do 1000 damage
is it supposed to have 300 hp like an original card
can you hold it in your hand or is it for a 3ds
Is it fake
Is it fake
Is it real
can you get this is a small size card that you can battle with?
I need one for 2015??
I also need one for 2015. Do you have to specify which year you want?
This is a gift for High School OR College graduates, am I right?
Is the cap blue or black?
Does it really say 'Class of 2014?' the picture says 2012
How big is this item? Thanks
I just ordered it because it said "Class of 2013"... When I expanded the picture and looked closer, the tag says "Class of 2012".
Can you use this with the 5 to 6 player expansion?
How do you play with Seafarers and Cities and Knights?
I wonder if it is good for the 4th edition that we have
Revised Edition Anyone? Has anyone tried this with the revised edition?
Scale? I will buy it if it is 1/64
plastic or metal construction?
how big is the truck
What are the dimensions?
Can I use this code in the world of warcraft game in China&iuml;&frac14;&#159;
Does the card exchange for swift spectral tiger too (the epic version)? Or do I have to buy that one as an extra?
I think one card just can exchange 1 tiger. Why my friends use it exchange 2 tigers? How many tigers does this crad can exchange? One or two?
I have a question, can you e-mail the code after my purchase, and then have it shipped later?
Is there an expiry for the codes? Or have Blizzard said that they have disabled the codes?
Buying your letter will receive two tigers? And after buying, you send me the code of the letter by email and then send me the letter already shaved?
How many tiger does it card can give me? two or one?
Hi, are you sure this card can be used in China server? If it could, I want to buy it.
Can this card use on china server?
Can this card use on china server?
Um..isn't this the date rape Aquadots? Do you really think they did anything more than change the name?
Has anyone tried Manley Art-tastic Magic Beads as a refill for PixOs? Does anyone know if these beads will work with the PixOs Super Studio?
How do you keep the beads sticking together?? We got the new one and my daughter is disappointed that after applying water her beads are not sticking together. she waited and hour and the design still falls apart.Are we doing something wrong??
Do you have to refill it a lot
does it break a lot
I recieved the deck today, and there are no instructions with it, Were there supposed to be, and if not how do I learn to do the trick?
Does the deck have a Double Backer
is this uv500 or air cushion
Is it plastic Cards or Paper ?
is this deck plastic?
Easy to handle?
Why has your price fluculated so much? I saved a link with the price so I could come back and buy, but now the price has jumped over $50?!?....
Do you have a link to the assembly plans? Just got my slide &amp; cannot find the plans.
is it paintable?
We have a platform on a steep hill, and therefore the exit to the slide could possibly support this 7' height, anyone with piece lengths?
my deck is 8 ft. is it possible to attach it to 8 ft platform with reinforcement? it says the height is 56 inches, so how does it mount to 7 ft?
Has anyone bought 2 of these and linked them together to make a longer slide ? I've got a 10' high deck...
Just got it- the specs say to keep it out of cold and direct sun. Does anyone take it down in the winter or cover it from sun? Weird for playground.
We have a specific location and limited width for a slide. Can anyone tell me approximately how wide of an area this slide needs once assembled.
it seems that this slide empties to the left, ,,,, is it possible to get one to the right ?
How durable and thick is the slide?
Do you think we would be able to mount this slide to a 3 1/2 foot deck insted of a 4 foot deck?
Is there any way to adapt this to fit a 55 in. high platform?
Is the incline too steep for a 2.5year old?
What is the height of the deck that you used this slide on?
Is the total length of this slide only 42"? Or is that per section of the slide?
What is the length and color of the slide? We are specifically trying to buy a set with a yellow slide.
What is the length and color of the slide? We are specifically trying to buy a set with a yellow slide.
Can we add a simple plastic spinner swing under the deck (where there is space for a sandbox)?
What are the capacity limits for this set? How many children and at what weight? Can an adult use the swing?
I think this is made with cedar wood can anyone confirm this? I was thinking of sealing it before I instal it due to the south FL weather (heavy rain)
is it possible to reverse the configuration of the monkey bars and slide from the configuration shown here?
What is the height of the monkey bars? I am thinking of buying this for a 4 yr old grandson, but don't want him to outgrow it too soon.
how many boxes does this come in?
Can this survive long periods of rain?
Can I install this on concrete?
Do people like The ST-2 better than the ST-3 model?
Can you put a basket on the bike?
Is this the latest model, ST-4?
Do people like The ST-2 better than the ST-3 model?
Can you put a basket on the bike?
Is this the latest model, ST-4?
what all needs stickers on this kit?
Does it come with a stand?
its a MG or a non grade 1/100?
It's a MG 1/100 or a Non grade 1/100?
would you post the picture of the box?
Does it come with the background panels and display plate and stands for the weapons?
do i need to paint it
Hi, If I order today would I get it before Feb 14th 2014? To Miami Fl
How tall is this figure?
what is the size of chess pieces? king's height?
can you possibly turn the volume off the videos i have watched of it sound pretty violent when a piece is captured
DOES THE GAME SPEAK?
Has anyone ever determined what the (MTO1R) prompt means when it crashes ?
can i adjust the ropes to make the swing flat so my child would be lying
What is the MINIMUM height/weight?
Can this be hung from a regular swing set?
Can this swing be used with the rainy day support bar made by playaway toy Co Inc?
Is this able to be attached to a standard swingset or does it need its own stand?
I have a special needs granddaugher. She is ten years old and very tall. What do you recommend for her in the swings
Hello I am looking for a chair that would fit my daughter who is 5''1". The chair needs to have head support. Would this chair accommodate her?
How do I out the cape on..I can't seem to figure it out...
hi, i'm interested in some star wars minifigures, i wondered if you combine the shipping cost??
Does the helmet come off on this Darth Vader mini figure?
What is the lego inventory number for this Darth Vader minifig?
Does it come with a cape?
Is this the keychain figure? I don't see the chain, but it looks like it is. Thx
Is there a difference in size --some figures say"minifigure" others do not say mini?
Does the figure come with the light saber?
What are the dimensions of the actual figurine?
Does he come in a package?
is he awsome
does he have a face?
food resources: When/why would you use the counting system on the board rather than just taking the appropriate amount of "chips"?
What's up with that chart? According to the rules you only get 5 points for every unique green civilization card, so we are confused as to what the chart with the increasing victory point numbers is for?
The description says this is only an expansion pack - not so? Everything else says it is a game on its own - is there an error in the description?
Are these fine tip or broad tip markers - i.e. skinny or fat?
Are these really washable? What happens when the child use these markers to draw on the wall, their clothes or themselves? Is it easy to wash off??
are these non-toxic?
is there a silver marker in the set?
Is each marker a different color?
Would these work well on windows? And clean off windows easily?
How long is each marker? I'm looking for short ones for traveling.
How many inches tall are these markers?
Are these a good substitute for a Sharpie permanent marker?
Do these work on wood? Want to use them to decorate small wooden matchbox cars.
How tall is the king? What are the pieces made out of?How wide is the board and/or how wide are the squares?
Are the magnets in the pieces or on the board?
How strong are the magnets? I.e., will it hold up to playing while traveling in the motor home (excluding panic stops, of course)?
Does the chess pieces fit inside the board when nit using it? Like a kind of storage?
Are the pieces weighted at all or are they lightweight and easy to lose?
Does it come with extra queens?
How wide are the individual squares on the board?
Does he kit include loops? If so, how many potholders can you make with one kit?
Are the loops that come with the kit cotton and does the set come with a metal hook?
what size hot pads
Is this a 7 inch loom? Or is it the same size as the plastic ones that take the nylon loops?
What's the finished size of pot holders once off the loom? I recently bought one @ Hobby Lobby that only made 4" holders which are WAY TOO SMALL!
Does the box say where the loom is made?
So if Bristle blocks and Krinkles are both made by Battat, which are easier for a 1-1.5 year old to push together? Must be different somehow?
How do these compare to Bristle blocks for a 1-2 year old?
How do these compare to bristle blocks for an under 2 child?
what is the real size after set up already has air in it while using ? i need this item but too frustrare for keep ask but no answer my question .
What are the dimensions of this item?
what is correct size of it ? why seller is not contact me if want to sale for make money ? so much time to type here for ask
CAN IT SET UP BY ELECTRONIC AIR PUMP ?
What is the height measurement?
How tall is this inflatable palm tree?
Does it fold ?
recommended age?
Is the marker board side magnetic?
does this product fold easily for storage
what are the dimensions?
Is it cotton??
Can these bags stand up/have a gusset?
Has anyone else experienced pinching of kids' hands on top of the bar where the holes and the S-hook meet? We have - no hardware protection.
How thick is the bar? I am wondering about little hands gripping something that is over 1 1/2".
Can you remove the ring from the bar or the bar from the ring or you have to use both at the same time?
what is the weight limit on the chains?
Can this be used with the indoor gorilla gym bar?
I need a bar to do exercises-would this support a 200 # person?
Could you hang this in a tree?
Does this come with any mounting hardware to attach it to our wooden play structure?
I have a flexible flyer play found set and i want to put this 17 in trapeze bar or ladder swing replacing one of the swing . can i do it?
where is this prodiuct made?
So with it being modular, do the sections have a problem with sliding around when the child is trying to play with it?
At what age will a child outgrow this toy? I have a nearly 3 year old girl, wondering how long this toy will be enjoyed...
will the proportions fit other styles? my daughter has some other calico critters &amp; might want to use them with this. thanks!
hape
How long would this survive in a 4 year old preschool?
Is anyone familiar with Hape Happy Family DIY Dream House? pros &amp; cons?
I bought this for a three year old. Is this too complicated as a first dollhouse? manufacturer says age 5+ look at Happy Villa furnish ( same price)
did anyone consider Hape VILLA FURNISHED or HAPPY FAMILY FURNISHED before buying this?
Are there stickers or decals (removable or not) that can help make the rooms more interesting?
What are the room sizes?
How do you get the nose spinner off to intall landing gear. There is no screw and it seems to tight to snap off.
How do you get the nose spinner off to intall landing gear. There is no screw and it seems to tight to snap off.
does this plane come with everything to fly, i dont see motor listed. Thanks
Is this the EFL3100 with SAFE technology?
Is the paint washable?
is there enough paint?
is it possible to deliver it on dec the 24th buying today?
what kind of bird does it hold?
HI there! Where is your kit made?
Has anyone found a way to stop the paint from peeling off? It also scratches off very easily, so she can't even pretend play with them.
How big are the tea cups
paint your own tea set
These do fit on a Weller brand wood burner just in case you are wondering.
Has anyone used these with the Uchida brand hot marks tool?
Obviously the stamp needs to cool before swapping it...can anyone tell me how long it takes to cool down before you can switch to another letter?
Has anyone tried these with the J&amp;L 60 watt Soldering Iron?
Can you heat these letters with a torch?
what is the tool that goes with the letters?
is this machine heavy?
Does it have to have a certain brand of bubbles or will any kind work?
Does it come with bubbles or do I need to purchase them?
Can you use bubble juice. Like the ones your pour and then put a bubble stick in it. Or does you have to use special juice?
I see it says creative motion, does that mean this it is motion sensor activated?
I'm thinking of using this at my wedding party instead of paper confetti. Would it be too childish to have this at such event?
Does it work outside cold and/or hot weather?
how often does it need to be filled with bubble solution?
Does it include some bubble solution??
Can I use my own soapy water home-made solution?
How does it work?
If I want to see the picture clearly on the Crayola Digital Camcorder, how can I fix that problem?
cam corder
Do these come in a storage box? Do you recommend them for 4 year old with 20x magnification stereo scope?
what power microscope do these require?
Are these glass or plastic slides?
will these slides work with the Geo Safari Tuff scope?
Do you need immersion oil to view these properly?
where batteries go
This is a thousand dollars or is that an error?
What is the weight limit
This toy is discontinued by LT, anybody knows the reason? It seems to be a great toy! This toy is retired by LT, anybody knows the reason?
Saw Commercial for a Ride On Horse for Toddlers? Help! Does anyone know which product it was that we saw?
best toys for Autistic kids?
Can you grill meat on this also or just sandwiches
The kit says two alphabet stencils included, are there numbers included on those stencils?
My eight year old son is interested in a wood burning kit. Do you think an eight year old (with supervision) is old enough for this hobby?
Are Letters and number stencils or stamps?
I am planning on using this product to burn a simple pattern into about 300 coasters. How long do you recommend using the product at one time?
Is the tool set up so that the tips could be replaced with stamps?
is this a good kit for an 12 year old boy if supervised?
does kit include some blank wood so it cabe used on xmas
What kind of wood can I use? I'm looking for a hobby I can be a novice in and I have TONS of Pine stumps/logs throughout my yard for discs...
What are the size of the alphabet and numbers? As in 1/4", 1/8" etc.
Is it the real size?
What battery does this device uses?
Does all devices emit sound and light?
How long all these devices can last?
How big is it over a foot long - i cannot visualize the scale 1:32
white only?
Do the ramps move
What size cars will fit on this model?
Will hot wheels cars fit on it and work?
how big is it
what scale is it, please?
Is this recommended for a 10 year old boy?
I'm looking for an X-Wing for my Dagobah themed aquarium. I need to know if the paint is already on it? Also are there any metal parts?
After putting together, is it pretty sturdy? I'm wondering if this would be appropriate as a toy to handle and play with for my 6 year old.
Who are the 2 figures description says it comes with?
is this a glue together kit or snap together?
how many parts ?
does it fly
Does it come with darts?
Does the box... Say Made In China?
How many birth certificates does it come with?
Does it come with a teleprompter?
If I like the action figures I already have, can I keep the action figures I already have?
Can he sit?
Can you provide a "Date of Manufacture Certificate" with him?
Is there a Holder action figure to keep Obama out of jail ?
If I make more than 200k a year, do I have to pay a 68% marginal local sales tax on this too, or is there a discount voucher for Union membership?
How to play
how many diapers in the package?
Does the Diaper Game Kit come with 12 diapers and 12 diaper pins?
How to play.
I'm wanting to use them as name tags for a shower, would that work for these? We would still play the game the same way though. What's the material?
What are the dimensions of the diaper
how many diapers are in the package? You answered 10 or 12. That doesn't help me. I need to know exactly.
Its come with ties?
Do these have a flat bottom?
Could these bags fit a small thing of bubbles not the mini but small? Could it fit a 7 oz small coke can?
Could i fit 3 or 4 crayons in these bags?
what country was this manufactured in?
Can you seal the bags with a heat sealer?
Does anyone know about how many M&amp;Ms fit in this?
Would these work for wrapping up a dipped marshmallow on a stick?
Do these come with twist ties?
Will an Oreo fit in these bags?
the size of each square on the board?
Can you give me the measurements of each square?
Will magnets stick to this board?
what is the board made of?
Is it possible to buy spare parts?
I have this bike, but I think it may be the version before this one, because it doesn't have the holes to adjust the seat. Am I missing something?
Do the washers on the front and back that come with the bike both fit when assembling?
I'm considering this for my daughter's 2nd birthday. But I'm worried that she isn't tall enough. How tall does she need to be to ride this??
Is this bike appropriate for a three year old?
Can you suggest which Smart Balance Bike for a girl (age 7)? Thanks!
Is this steerable? I've seen a few where the handlebars were fixed in position.
Does this come assembled?
Will this work for a 5 year old?
Why does the product description say 12.5 inches as the lowest seat height when actual seat height is over 13.5 inches?
Is this too toy-like for my 13 and 11 year-olds? Is it more for younger elemenary school kids?
Is this microscope made of metal or plastic
How many prepared slides are included?
How heavy it is?
Is there an attachment that would make it possible to connect the microscope to a computer?
Any issues on the microscope not remaining in focus Also, we cannot get the higher levels to focus in
Is there a carrying case for it?
are all 12 decks the same color? getting them for a blackjack shoe
So are these normal bicycle rider back cards, or the special world series of poker ones?
How many Jacks are there pr deck?
does each deck have a joker
will you ship to Spain? how much ?
will you ship to South Africa
Are the letters small or big on it?
Does each box of cards have a cellophane wrapper?
Are they rider backs? If so, do they come in 6 reds and 6 blues?
Does each deck have a different design so if 4-5 decks are combined they can easily be separated?
Is this flexible or rigid? The picture that shows both sides kinda gives the impression it bends.
Does this mat fit all Legos?
This comes with one or two mats?
I'm looking to add two of these to our table. Do the Lego blocks fit easily when building across the seam where the two plates will meet?
Measurements?
What are the dimensions?
Would this be compatible with the Mega Blocks First Builders set?
Size please dimensions
What is the size
Does it roll?
Will a cabbage patch doll fit in this?
How large is this when it first arrives? I need to travel by plane out of the country with it and I want to see how well it will fit into a suitcase.
can it able removeable the whole fabric part for wash to keep clean ?
What is the size?
how big is it
My three year old is really enjoying this kit. Has anyone ordered another and had the projects be different? E.g. Fish instead of butterfly. Thx!
Can I have it gift wrapped?
Is this product good for a nearly 3-year old (while supervised) on a long car trip?
Is this too easy for an 8 yr. old?
What ages are appropriate?
Has anyone found airtight plastic jars to hold the playdoh instead of the sealable plastic bags it comes with? The bags are a wee bit cumbersome.
I see some references to instructions and 16 projects. However, I only see a 2 pager with about 5 or 6 projects. Are there more instructions?
I see the price is $19.99 at the W big box store. Why is Amazon so much higher this Christmas season?
Does it come with instructions for the projects?
What size area will one container cover?
Does this product work well with Liquid chalk markers?
how does it work on canvas?
does it come with batteries?
how many in a pack
Does it have any latex in it?
Doe itb propell ?
How long is it?
is this a wind up toy ? the batteries are only for light purpose?
Would this item work in a clorinated pool?
Am I missing the product dimensions in the description? How big is this toy? Thanks!
Can the batteries be replaced?
Can these markers be used with the Crayola see thru light designer ?
can you use these markers on teh Crayola Widescreen Light Designer?
I'm looking for a white gel marker, is this (non) color included in the package? TIA...
How do these markers work under blacklights?
Is this really 25 pounds? It seems like free shipping wouldn't cover that much weight
Is this silica free?
Can anyone tell me what 25 pounds of this looks like? For example, how many shoe boxes would it fill? Or how much of a 4-leg sand table would it fill?
Is this treated with anything?
Could you compare some grains of this to some table salt and give your impression of the particle size. Thank you.
When you pour this sand, is it very dusty? (Do clouds/puffs of dust happen when you dump/pour?)
Can this sand be used to burn coals on?
What is the density of the sand? Is there any kind of information?
Can I use this to fill draft stoppers (to keep out drafts from under doors)?
does this product work in an aquarium with fish?
Does this fit the large Legos or the smaller ones?
From the picture it appears that all the figures are MALE (which would be a deal-breaker for me). Are any of the figures FEMALE?
Will these work with the regular size LEGO Blocks OR only the Duplo size blocks?
Could the bottle fed
What is this made out of, is it BPA free?
What doll can the bottle feed? Thanks.
does the liquid in the bottles disapear right away or does it look like a baby is slowly feeding
will these work with the corolle 14 inch clasique baby dolls ?
does this fit in the mouth of the adora doll? we lost the bottle that came with that doll. thanks.
Does this bottle feed any doll?
Can the bottle feed any doll ? Thanks.
Could the bottle fed
Baby doll
The previous question was not clear. Are these scrabble tiles 1 inch (25m) or 3/4inch (20mm). My board will only take 20mm tiles. I need to be sure
Can anyone tell me how many of each letter are in a set of 100?
Are the letters dented in or just painted on?
Hello, just to be clear and that I understand your ad...I would get 100 scrabble tiles for $3.97 total plus shipping? Thanks.
One complete set will suit my needs except I need two extra "B" tiles. Can I get these two extra tiles without buying a second complete set?
Does this set include blank tiles? We are missing one blank (wild) tile so can't play the game properly.
Are these original wooden tiles from a Scrabble set? Or do they come from some other source?
Are the letters and numbers indented on the tiles as I need to do imprint for my project?Thank you.
What is the size of the Scrabble tiles?
If I order more than 1 set is my shipping cheaper or still $5.49 each
what paint colors are included?
Can you mix colors for a more variety? I would also need light grey and light blue.
How many faces do you think could be painted with this kit?
Does it come with a book
Does anyone know if this battery will work in older Tyco 9.6V Turbo R/C cars?
can i replace Ni-Cd with NI-MH
would it work for my mega-x morphibian?
Would this replace this battery? LH 130-2A51MC8HROT 9.6V, AA Size, 1300mAh
Is there a quick charger for this ?
Does this battery work on the JLX overdrive rc car?
I am looking for a replacement battery for spike the ultra dinosaur, does anyone know if this will work?
What do I need to buy in order to charge this battery?
does it fit in a PEQ 15 Battery Box For Airsoft? And will this be an good choice for a battery?(for AIRSOFT)
Will this fit the Fisher Price Spike Ultra Dinosaur?
Did anyone get instructions about how to charge the batteries or is it all guess work? I did not get instructions with my order.
How long should it take for these batteries to charge with the included charger? and should the light turn green when done?
I Receive 2 (two) 12V 300mah Simple Pack Charger but only 1 (one) battery pack!!!!! The product pack was reversed!!!! What about another battery pack?
I have a Tonka Car and the battery pack is 9.6 volt NIMH with 800 MAH. I see this charger reflects 300 MAH. Will it work with 800 MAH
do these work on tonka ricochet?
how long will be fully charged at the first time?
deer
what critical reviews have been posted?
Have the SC100, upgraded to the 300, now want to upgrade with this 750. Does the original board change or you continue to use the same one?
Can this kit be used if you have the base SC-100 kit and the UC-30, which upgraded the SC-100 to the SC-300 or do you need the original SC-300?
Does this upgrade kit work for Radio Shack RS-202, which is very similar to SC-300? If some parts are missing from RS-202, what else do we need?
Will the included CD work on a Mac, or is there a project book enclosed like there is with the 300?
what is the wingspan?
Is this a kit that you have to assemble the whole airplane from scratch and if so, are you using glue to construct it
I am buying this as a project for my grandpa...What is needed to build it so its visually complete but it does not need to be operational.
Does it include the engine and cover for the wings?
is it pre covered wings and body tail ??
is the measurements on the inside of the cup .....or on the outside of the cups
Will these tolerate solvents such as lacquer thinner?
Hi, do your cups have the 12.5 mark on them? I dont see it in the picture but am hoping that you have the other ones in stock.
does these have a 1ml measurement?
What is the size of the remote ?
How big is the car?
I want to buy 4 cars, will they all have different radio channel?
how does the remote work ?
what color is it ? because it said colors may vary
Is it for indoor use only or could it be used in a driveway
is it fast
May I operate (2) of these independently in the same room or will the remotes conflict? I want to use them to race.
In the instructions, what kind of cover should be inserted "to cover the top of the antenna tube"? Thetube is closed on one end and is already covered
The antenna tube seems too big for the antenna wire. When I insert the wire into the tube, it just falls off. What am i missing?
Will these batteries connect to my Red Cat volcano plug? The plug is red and has and has two bigger round ends on it, I dont know what they are called
will this battery work with ECX Torment 4x4
can the charger charge Li-Po batteries ??
will this work in a tsunami rc powerd boat?
Can I use This battery with Red Cat model 1/10?
Will they fit in a Tamiya Hotshot?
will these batteries work in the axial ?
i have a tank that used to have a 7.2 battery on it will this work with the charger and batteries
Will these batteries work in the 1/10 2.4Ghz Exceed RC Electric SunFire RTR Off Road Buggy Storm Blue?
Will these batteries work for a 1989 rc Richmond batmobile?
There is a choking hazard and not to purchase for children under three. But then the description says for 18 months and up. What's the choking hazard?
What is the volume of sand you added to the base?
Is the net post adjustable -will my son be able to use it as he grows taller?
What type of material is the ball made out of? I am looking to avoid foam, as my son (15 months) wants to eat it..
Is there just one hoop or two to imitate the field?
DO YOU SHIP TO URUGUAY?? ARGENTINA???
Could anybody please provide the dimensions of the shipping box?
Is it too late to buy this for an almost 5 year old?
How old does it take for your kid to have the hops to dunk on a cuh. Im black btw. Fried Chicken umpelgarder ;) kik me. Asians are kool 77
I am confused about the weight of this item. is it actually just over 1 lbs or 9 lbs? important because i need to pay per pound. thanks.
Does this come with the motor or not???
Does this come with motors and esc and servos? Are only the reciever and remote control needed? Thanks
Does this come with a radio and reciever?
What is the wing span on this model?
How do you remove it from your hands? My grandchildren couldn't remove the residue with just soap and warm water.
can this be shaped and then baked for permanent ornaments?
Is it just one of the containers of dough? And you cannot chose the color scheme?
Is there a way to request a certain color? One Amazon picture is a primarily red-rainbow color, this pic is yellow.
The description says filled with micro-beads. Is it filled with beads or sand?
does this ball bounce?
What are these stress balls composed of?
What is the best way to clean them when they get sticky or dirty
Is this stress ball easily compressible like its filled with gel?
what is the sizee of the putty in a ball
Does it leave behind a slimy residue?
is this magnetic? And does it come with a magnet?
Can it be split apart to make several smaller balls?
is it the four inch or the really smallones?
Does the putty itself wipe out computer memory?
Are all the colors magnetic?
Does it come with instructions?
Is there a chance you could get a rare earth magnet with this product? If so what is the chances of someone getting it?
How do you sanitize it after kids get their fingers into it?
How soft is the magnetic putty compared to the other crazy arrons puttys (hypercolor, super illusions, liquid glass, phantoms and glow in the dark)
How many ounces of putty is it?
Is this stuff Gluten free?
can you soften it?
Does it leave residue behind?
Is the height adjustable?
Is one side for chalk? do you need easel paper for the other side?
Should children use dry-erase markers? I use them at work &amp; they give off a powerful chemical smell.Erasure turns it to dust which is breathed in.
does the chalk surface work or will chalk just slip across?
Does it fold for easy storage?
How well are the boards holding up? Does the chalkboard clean easily? Does the whiteboard chip easily?
Will the tray have enough room for the toddler paint cups to sit securely?
Are the magnet pieces visible at the back of the letters/numbers? what is the size? I am wondering if my 2 yrs old can pull it off &amp; swallow/chock it
How big is the magnetic area of the easel
Can you use dry erase markers on it? How about chalk?
Would this stain a wedding dress?
How long (in hours) will a gallon of this solution last?
Can this be used indoors without damaging furniture or carpet?
can you use this for refilling regular bubble containers (for blowing by mouth with a wand)?
how many chafing dishes come with this set
does this include the 3 wire charfing rack?
Are there lids?
How "heavy" of food can these hold? Looking to use for large lasagna trays
are the racks foldable?
Are these sets reuseable?
How long do the sternos burn?
How long do the sterno cans burn
Approximately how big are the trays on top? Please provide an example of how much food they could hold. Thanks!
how many chafing frames are included in this set?
Hi! i just placed an order- I would like a cream colored one and a dark brown one please. thanks!
Are the eyes material or plastic?
There does not seem to be a place to choose a color - what color monkey do you get when you order this product?
Are there beans in the monkey along with stuffing? Or is it just stuffing?
Is this the 4th edition, which includes animeeples?
If my wife is a farmer's daughter will she kick my butt at this game?
Is it possible to play this game solitaire ?
Do I need card sleeves for this game? If yes, any recommendations? Also, the description says there are 300 cards - is that correct?
Hi, is this the 4th edition, which includes animeeples (animal shaped pieces) ?
Does this come with the ani-meeples (as opposed to plain wooden round pieces)?
My daughter just turned 8. We have been playing Shadows of Camelot, Ticket to Ride, Settlers of Catan with her. Will she be able to pick up this game?
Are the resources in meeple form too (wooden fish shape, wooden reed shape, etc), or are they just the round token discs?
How long would 2 players take? short &amp; long version?
Agricola vs Caverna if money were no object which would you buy and why?
are the questions about current dr who (9th,10th 11th doctors) or old the older ones, or a mix?
What region does this game support? Wanting to make sure I have the right dvd player....
Dr. Who Scene It Game: Who Scene-It!!!
How long can the eggs last in the pouch? I want to order this for a gift for Christmas, but it's a month away and don't want the eggs to die.
Do you clean the tank or replace the water?
how long do they last?
Does this come with the million bubble air pump? The description doesn't mention it, but without it it's difficult to keep them alive.
None of my seamonkeys hatched, and I followed the directions. Can you send me more seamonkeys?
what should my monkey's look like?
Can you see the monkeys in daytime?
the tank is almost green!!!! what do I do????
are they real
are they real
Is there a logo on the pieces? I am looking for a game that is free of logos on the pieces for a special project.
How many blocks are there in this set?
Can I write in the wood? Or is it treated with a non stick surface?
Is there a lid for the box that completely conceals the pieces?
How tall is it with all pieces in place?
Are the blocks varnished?
Is this the same size as a regular Jenga? Or is it bigger? It says "Large" but how large?
The pieces are 12" in length? Or the whole thing is 12" square? Or 12" high?
hi i would like to know whats the net weight in this pool table
How big of a room is needed to play pool on this table?
Does anyone elses have puck catching nets? The picture shows a plastic box to catch the pucks, but mine does not have this..
Could a table tennis top be used with this table?
How many pieces (disassembled)? Is the top all one piece and what is the size of that specifcally?
Can anyone tell me how they handle the delivery? Do they delivery to your door step or just drop the box on the curb?
How has the quality held up for everyone?
Is this electric and does it keep score?
BAD seller using Amazon to sell its products? Why would the price Jump as soon you browse?
I saw the price was $603.xx and within few minutes of me browsing and reading reviews the price jumped to $729.xx... What is going on?
how do you inflate?
What is the dimensions of the ball?
What diameter is this ball? It doesn't list it anywhere.
is pump included?
inflated size
Can somebody tell me exactly what this ball is made out of? Is it PVC or some other material? Thanks.
Does this size (3) work for 5 yrs old kids?
Does the ball come inflated or deflated?
Does this ball come deflated? Will be traveling to Haiti and space is issue.
is this ball standard size for a soccerball?
Can somebody tell me exactly what this ball is made out of? Is it PVC or some other material? Thanks.
Does this size (3) work for 5 yrs old kids?
Does the ball come inflated or deflated?
Does this ball come deflated? Will be traveling to Haiti and space is issue.
is this ball standard size for a soccerball?
Are there any ex?
Will i get the cards in the pictures?
will i get a pokemon ex
How are they packaged? In a box? Or loose cards? Want to give as a gift and want it to look nice.
are the evee evolutions included?
do all of them have more then 100 lives
are there doubles?
are there any EX cards in the deck
How long until I get the cards?
dose it have mew in it
Is this baby full bod?
does she come with any things for her?
can you move her from that passion
Do u have to cut it open to get batteries in or is there a spot? Sorry I dont have one of these dolls but getting one just don' know which one to get
For it to breath do u have to have batteries in it
how long does it take to ship
what size is she
can she moove her legs sraight
is she silicone?
how long is she
Please tell me what is the scale of this car ?
I want to order this Die-cast model but I want to be sure that I am going to receive a blue one. Can you tell me if color may vary?
can you provide a black challenger/ no stripes?
what colors are avaiable I would like orange !
what scale?sounds like 1/43rd!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Is this game just like "The Game of Things"?
Do any of you recommend the game for children younger than 13? What would be challenging or inappropriate for younger players?
Can you play with a large group or split into 2groups
How many people can play?
Does the battery need to be fully discharged before recharging? After initial 18 hour charge, how long should subsequent charges be?
where do you find the manufacture date on the peg pergo john deere gator?
is there any way to make it faster other than raising the battery voltage
How do I put it in reverse?
How do a buy a spare seatbelt
how to plug in
Do the child's hand &amp; fingers slip into the puppet arms &amp; mouth to move about?
what are they made from
I see this says Multi-Ethnic Collection; are there other kinds such as a dark-skinned-only or Caucasian-only collection?
what is the weigh of the 8 puppets
Do these puppets fit average adult hands? I am wanting to use these to put on a puppet show for kids. But they will be used by adults.
Do the mouths of these puppets open and close?
I saw some reviews that said they received duplicate puppets. Is there a way to ensure that I receive 8 different characters? How long to ship?
is this the same size as the single package cars?
Hello i am intersting in one set, with the black swat truck, green crane, green jeep,green isuzu,... can you sell what i need please?
Do you sell for Brazil?
Are these metal or plastic?
Do Matchbox cars have doors, hoods, or trunks that open?
is this an appropiate gift for a five year old
Where are the sets manufactured? Do they state no lead paint?
What are the length and width of this case?
Would HO-scale trucks / container trucks fit? What is the space between shelves?
Thinking of N scale railroad what is the actual height of the opening?
Would Thomas the train engines fit in the shelves?
hot wheels wall case-how many cars does it hold, how to attach to wall
Are the shelves removable?
tell me about the depth and the weight of the case
Does this case have a lock?
what are the dimensions of this unit?
what is the cabinet's size?
What are the length and width of this case?
Would HO-scale trucks / container trucks fit? What is the space between shelves?
Thinking of N scale railroad what is the actual height of the opening?
Would Thomas the train engines fit in the shelves?
hot wheels wall case-how many cars does it hold, how to attach to wall
Are the shelves removable?
tell me about the depth and the weight of the case
Does this case have a lock?
what are the dimensions of this unit?
what is the cabinet's size?
What are the length and width of this case?
Would HO-scale trucks / container trucks fit? What is the space between shelves?
Thinking of N scale railroad what is the actual height of the opening?
Would Thomas the train engines fit in the shelves?
hot wheels wall case-how many cars does it hold, how to attach to wall
Are the shelves removable?
tell me about the depth and the weight of the case
Does this case have a lock?
what are the dimensions of this unit?
what is the cabinet's size?
Is there netting on all sides?
My yard is about 16 x 25, would this bounce house be too large for it?
How loud is the blower? Could you use this indoors?
how many kids can it hold at once and/or adults?
How heavy is it?
SLIDE THE SLIDER OR MATERIAL THAT IS?
Thanks, and what parts are canvas, and what parts are material? what kind of canvas?
Hi i would like to know what kind of material does this inflatable house is made of? thank you.
does this bounce house come with the roof/tarp that is shown in the photos? (a roof isn't listed in the description)
What would the estimated shipping time be to 92020?
For what age?
Frustration Free packaing.... does it come in the box as shown in picture? or without a box,. I don't want it to get damaged during delivery process
what's the weight on this product?
Suggested age?
how much is shipping
is this product in Spanish, I live in Domican Republic?
IS BATTERIES INCLUDED.. AND WHAT SIZE
When you turn the page on this product, how do you get the product to do the new animal sounds? Mine only does the sounds from the front page.
age recommendation
Is the arrow supposed to be pointing to the correct animal sound before or after you pull the lever? Ours is before and it seems odd...
What are the dimensions like when it's deflated and stored?
What is the weight rating for this bouncer?
Hello! I could tell the engine weighs a few pounds only? thank you!
does the mcx have 2 speeds like walkera 2-1
Is the lithium metal battery for the helicopter size AA or AAA?
Does this model have joystick controls?
is it for outdoors
Will this helicopter fly at high elevations? I live at 8,400 feet.
How far away from where the individual in standing with the remote control can the helicopter travel?
Product Details says " Lithium Metal batteries required." What size and how many? And which part of the 'copter are they for
Is the transmitter included?
the controller,charger is included with copter
which stick is the rudder stick? is it the same stick as the throttle stick?
Are the fish at all flexible or hard plastic?
Do these fish FLOAT in water ?
What is the approximate size of each individual fish?
Can you give the exact size of the fish, please? Wondering if they'd fit in a 4oz baby food jar for homemade snowglobe.
Could these be hot-glued to a barrette or hair clip?
Are these the EXACT fish that we would receive? My son only wants the fish pictured. Thank you.
Will this withstand a rapid river floating excursion?
how many beers can this baby hold?!
Has anyone every used this with a kid? So one adult and one kid?
how do you inflate this?
seam blew out just sitting. used only once. how do i warranty?
Hello, can you use regular electric pump to this tube?
Does it come with a pump? What is the power source of the pump?
We are going to the river on memorial weekend. I was wondering if this is a good purchase? I dont want to be flaoting down the river and it pop on me.
Will this tip over if just one person is using it, like if one person wants get get out and then back on again?
why did the river run 2 pop before it even hit the water !!! After it was all blown up the seam ripped . defective product
Would a 4 year old be interested in this
Does the washing machine door open?
Hello, I'm Marco, I live in Italy and I wish buy this toy. Could you shepp on my country? Could you give me some informations. Tanks
What is the weigh for the inflatable bounce house?
what is the size of the box or the package before being inflated
make shipments to Venezuela?
Can older kids teenagers/adults use this product?
I live in India, Since we have 220-240 V, can I use a locally purchased Blower to inflate your inflatables?
What are the dimensions of the jumping area?
Is it possible to buy without motor?
is it wet and dry
What type of material is it made of
Can the inside wall (with two holes) dividing the jumping area be removed easily?
Can you cook regular food in here? Like regular sized brownies, cake, and cookies.IS everything mini sized adn how big is the oven?
Does this one include everyhting show in "What's in the Box" image?
Is easy bake on sale at Walmart
For what age group do you recommend for the easy-bake?
Can you see the food baking?
Hi, my niece has asked for the new easy bake for Xmas, is this the new one or the purple one that comes up when I search 'easy bake'. Thanks.
what age is reccomded for the easy bake oven?
is it dangerous in any way
I would like to know where to purchase the pans and pusher? I already own one but my daughter lost the accessories , any idea would be great!
why is this item so much more expensive than the other easy bake ovens?
Hi There can i ask u why the sing along cannot be shipped in uk? Any reason?
does it need batteries
Can they sing along to just the am/fm radio?
Does this set contain a parvicursor?
It says of US origin, but are they made in the US or just stored and shipped from here?
Are they heavy enough to hold down a helium balloon tied to it?
Can it fit into the easter eggs?
Is this the most amount of Dinos I can get for my money?
Are these small enough to fit through the opening of a 20-oz soda bottle?
Does this set contain a carnotaurus? My 3-year old keeps asking Santa to bring him a "tiny carnotaur"...
Are there any marine reptiles like mosasaurs?
are these small enough to be cupcake toppers?
Do the dinosaurs stand up by themselves?
Other Crazy Forts say "New Stronger Fortified Fit" on the box. Do these use the improved design with the arrow on the balls or is it an old design?
How many pieces are in this fort?
Looking to build a fort which would fit OVER a 5'x5'x2' bean bag chair: how many sets would it take?
Crazy Forts or Cranium Fort? Which fort maker do you think is better?
Do they cry?
can it drink water
what size cloth
Does this come in a box?
Is she squishy and flexible or hard plastic?
how does the doll feels? is the body weighted?
where do you get them
where do you get them
What is the head circumference? I make infant headbands and trying to find a doll that has the same dimension head as a newborn, which is around 13"
Does the baby's arms and legs bend?
Dose he come with a birth certificit
Would this doll fit into a circumstraint? Looking for a life-size doll to put in a circumstraint, to illustrate to parents horrors of circumcision
Is this baby intact?
How big is he?
Is this doll weighted?
Can he fit newborn/premiere clothes?
Can he fit newborn/premiere clothes?
Does he fit newborn cloths?
What size the doll is?
does the baby doll come as it looks in the photo? the clouthes and put together?
What size doll clothes will fit this doll? How about preemie baby clothes?
how much does she weigh? what is length. can we change diaper. can it fit in baby carrier
can you get the African American doll in different facial expressions?
Can you tattoo the doll? I know some vinyl is ok.
Do the dolls eyes open and close?
can u put a pacifier in her mouth
will 0-3 months baby clothes fit her
Does she have a bottom and private part?
What size is this doll and is there a pacifier that would fit it?
will she come with a hat and a shirt?
What is the age range for this toy?
How big is the tool box itself? I'm thinking of using this as a centerpiece for my son's bday party to put food in.
Are these tools compatible with the Black and Decker toy workbenches?
Does this set include a tape measure for kids?
It says 14 piece tool set. Can anyone tell me the 14 tools that are included?
Are the box and the tools wood or plastic?
is this just the tool box or do tools come with it ?
Does it have a tape measure?
Is the hammer in this set strong enough to hammer in the toy pegs from the Melissa and Doug Pound A Peg? We lost our hammer.
is there a saw in the tool box
Does she come with the pink diaper like in the photo? thank you so much! :)
Does it have hair? Or does it have built in hair?
what size baby clothes will fit the doll?
What cost to ship to Queensland, Australia, please?
can u put a bottle in her mouth
does it have the facial expression showed in the picture
does she have a name
does she break easily
Is the doll worth the price?
How long is the doll ?
I just got my two-pack today, and pulled the tabs. The communicator is stuck on the try me saying...wondering what's up with that?
battery size in phaser
Is the "grid/lid" plastic or metal on the communicator??? I hear the new ones are plastic...Thanks!
dimensions from front of truck to end of lo-boy???
How big is the backhoe????????
are the tires rubber?
Do the front wheels turn?
Can you add sound the the Bruder Mack Truck with the Backhoe? It came with a website and product number.
How wide is the flatbed? Trying to see if the bruder excavator would fit on the back?
would you recommend this for a 2 1/2 year old?
Does the bruder man fit in the truck and in the backhoe?
how does the trailer attach to the truck? does it come detached easily?
Does the extra tire come off?
Does the pacifier come with this doll?
Is this doll machine washable?
What is the choking hazard on this doll? Would it be appropriate for a first birthday gift?
What is the size of the "baby Stella doll"?
is there an African American version of this doll?
Is this doll suitable for a 6 month old?
Hi, do you think this Stella doll will be good for a 2 1/2 year old girl? Or is it meant for younger? Thanks!
Have others had trouble with pet hair? If so, other recommendations please.
How big is she----How tall? Is it a good "baby" for a 2 year old?
where is it made
are these good tools for a five year old boy
Are there boards to use the bolts and nails with?
Does this come with a drill machine?
Does this come with a drill machine?
Is there a tool belt with this set?
Does this come with a tape measure
can these markers go on glass?
does it really run down the board?
Would these markers work well for black light production if written on poster board?
Will these work on black construction paper?
Would these work on a black poster board?
Are these chisel or bullet tip?
A magazine suggestion using Liquid chalk on darker hair colors instead of powdered hair chalks. Would this product work well for hair?
Will they work on a black glossy finish dry erase board?
Is this product used for writing on chalk boards?
If you can hang this indoors and it doesn't come with any hardware, what is the best way to hang it indoors?
Can this be hung on the side of a metal A frame swing set?
Anyway I could buy two of these and put them together somehow? Our tree house is pretty high up....
What is the weight limit for this ladder?
How would you hang this to a tree? Would it loop around a branch like the similar item sold here, and would it work on an uneven branch? Thank you
Would this ladder be sturdy enough for a 160 teenager for indoor use to get up to a loft?
Does it come with attachments/fasteners? Or is it just rope ends?
can this rope be used for a bunk bed in the kids room?
how long is this truck?
how long is the ladder
does the ladder extend
is it full head? or just face
would this fit any head shape??
Would this fit an adult head?
is a helmet &iquest;?
is it plastic
2 questions. 1. Is this a full face helmet or just a mask? 2. Is it as shown in the picture or is it a different design?
Is there any grip on the bottom? Or will these slip too easily on hardwood floors?
Would these work in the snow?
Is this listing for a pair of monster feet or an individual monster foot?
What ages are these good for? Is seven too old?
Are the monster feet stackable? I'm going to need two sets for my sons and I'm thinking of ths space needed to store them when they are not in use
will this fit a man. :)
I would like to buy a pair for my twin grandsons. Do they come in different colours?
Are these suitable for homes with hardwood floors? Are they going to scratch up the wood?
what is the width of the net? 72"? 66"? my table is only 60" wide.
what is the total length of the net ?
Can the net be shortened in length? We have a 48-49" table
My table which sits on top of a pool table is a bit over 2 inches thick. Will the clips work ? It says in the description 1 5/8, which I am presuming refers to that. In which case it won't work.
Can it be used on a table tennis top that fits over an 8ft pool table?
What is the precise size of the dominoes?
what color is the number six &amp; the number nine?
what is the difference in the game pieces from chicken foot?
How much does it weigh?
Does the Mexican Train To Go set come with the small colored trains--or do you have to buy them separately?
are the tile numbers embossed so they don't wear off
Does this game provide the board for Chicken Foot game
Does this set have digits or dots for the number of each domino? Says number in the description, but dots are pictured...
Are these dominoes ones with the numbers or the dots? The description says numbers, but the picture has the dots?
Does the set come with actual double nine and double sixes, or are they just six-nine engraved tiles painted to be doubles?
Can the Plan Toys and Hape accessories like the families and furniture be interchanged?
are all safety standards met by this doll house, is any rated better?
At what age do older kids still like to play with these?
How do the "moveable walls" work? Easy for kids to do? Can't tell from picture! How does the space change? Thanks!
Is the house made of solid wood or mdf/veneer?
How long would is survive in a 4 year old preschool?
The dimentions? The description gives length as 4.7 -- what are the length and width? Thanks!
What kind of accessories come with the dollhouse? (furniture, dolls, etc)
will this be able to fit 7" dolls
This is for my 5 and 3-year-old, but they have a 15-mo-old younger sister. How easily could the baby break/destroy/rip out the windows and walls?
How tall its?
Does R2D2 move well on carpet? Does he know where stairs and walls are?
We cannot get our droid to move; we have said the command mode "turn around" "go forward" "3 units" and nothing, what are doing wrong?
What does the extender sensor pole do? Is it needed at all times?
how tall
how do you reboot him is there a reboot button?
it is possible my voice record?? I wonder can That's R2D2.
can you record things for him to say
How long do the batteries last?
Question on the weight: Greetings, my name is Marco Antonio and I only want to know, what it is its weight in exact kilograms?
will this slide work for a 6 foot high platform?
Can one of the green slides be used as a slide for the kids in the pool
how long is it ?
my soon to be 3 year old is LITERALLY as tall as a 5 year old. Is this too small for him?
is this toy stable enough to stand up to a rough and tough 4 year old?
what age is this for?
I have to ship this to another place-so how big would the box be? not assembled? approx size please
Is this hard ball or soft
how sturdy is the stand?
How would this be for an almost four year old?
Somebody try it with with little girl?
Where is this made?
What are the dimensions of the shipping box? i need know for a travel.. please
do you have just the cards for the game?
Is this blue box of Times Up Title Recall cards the same as the pinkish purple box copyrighted in 2009 or is it an expansion set to that game?
Are the subjects on the cards up to date, eg. known by young adults and teens?
will 10 and 11 year olds get this game?
How large are the cards and the printing?my dad doesn't see very well
Can someone please tell me if there are dollar symbols ($) in this set?
does it include the, plus, division, multiplication and equal sign
how many of each number is included?
If we wanted to use these numbers to just count, how high could we go? Are there enough 1's and 2's to get up to 30, for example?
Can this item be shipped to Singapore? I can't seem to choose a Singapore address for this item.
Do these come with + and - foam pieces?
56 uppercase means what?actually alphabets are 26.the letters in different colors or what?
are they really strong? I hav bought 2 diff brands and need them to still stick through a flashcard onto a pan. Mine dont stick through the flashcard
What type of font are the letters? for example, are the lowercase a &amp; g shaped like stick/ball handwriting or Times New Roman?
Does the magnet backing cover the entire letter or is it pieces? I am wanting to use them with a magna doodle and have them 'print' the entire letter
Has anyone had these magnets tested for lead? I have seen where other brands tested positive!
How thick are these pieces, including the magnet backing?
The plastic magnetic letters will not stick to a stainless steel frig. These will not either, right?
Would you be able to use these with a magnetic fishing set?
How big are the spiders that come with this?
What size or coverage does each pack give?
What size or coverage does each pack give?
How many spiders per pack?
Are these webs Black light (UV) responsive?
How high is the slide?
Is the entrance located on the 11' L side or 8.5' W side of the outter dimensions?
Is this heavy to lift? when rolled up?
what is youngest age appropriate?
If you want to keep the velcro entrance open, is there a tie back so kids can keep going up and down the slide?
Can you leave this bounce house outside for long periods of time (deflated, of course) or do you have to roll it up and put it away after each use?
For the people who use this inside, how tall are your ceilings? I want to make sure we won't have any issues at 9ft. Thank you!
how tall are the walls from the bounce house floor? basically how tall is the sides of the walls with the netting?
The manufacturer age recommendation is for 3-12, but the kids pictured are preschool age. Is this really big enough for an almost 5' tall 10 year old?
Does it contain lead
Is it too big or too small for schleich horses?
does this hold the barbie horses
Does this trailer hold full size horses or only the stablemate size horses?
what is the inside jumping area
whats the weight it can hold and people at one time?
Is there anything special that i need to do if it gets rained on in order to dry it out?
can delivery international ,, like Qatar ?
is the blower included with this product?
Hi, what are the box dimension?
I'd like to put this on my lower deck since that is our 'fenced in' area. Is it possible to secure via sandbags or anything other than spikes?
which is the measure of the box for shipping? and weight?
Can I leave this inflated outside (so cal) without worrying about it popping? how well does it hold air?
its 110v?
Does it have beads in the stuffing?
How big is this lamb?
does it come with the tag?
size
How do you get the quarters into the slot?
Does it only have slots for the 50 states? I don't want the one with slots for the territories
The question was asked about it having slots for the territories. There are two conflicting answers. What is the correct answer?
What is the size when opened?
We have a different folder, but same idea. The problem is when you open the folder, quarters always fall out. Has that been a problem with this one?
Could you please tell me is it high quality?? has it any guarantee that it will not be damaged after 1 month. I want to use it for kids classroom ??
Why is this recommended for children of 3yrs +? Why not younger children?
do they contain formamide ingredient?
overall size
how many would you recommend to cover a 9 x 10 floor?
How have the mats held up for any sharp objects? I want to use it for puppies playing on them so they don't slip and easy cleanup but they have claws.
how many would you recommend to cover a 3.5 x 4 floor?
Do these squares interlock with similar squares from other brands? In particular, I have a set from Lowe's that I would like to expand. Thanks.
we're using these as temporary padding for our kids until we finish our basement. Will these hold up to having furniture (sectional) set on top of it?
My garage is a 20 x 20 how many orders of the 6 mats will I have too buy
Could you please tell me is it high quality?? has it any guarantee that it will not be damaged after 1 month. I want to use it for kids classroom ??
Why is this recommended for children of 3yrs +? Why not younger children?
do they contain formamide ingredient?
overall size
how many would you recommend to cover a 9 x 10 floor?
How have the mats held up for any sharp objects? I want to use it for puppies playing on them so they don't slip and easy cleanup but they have claws.
how many would you recommend to cover a 3.5 x 4 floor?
Do these squares interlock with similar squares from other brands? In particular, I have a set from Lowe's that I would like to expand. Thanks.
we're using these as temporary padding for our kids until we finish our basement. Will these hold up to having furniture (sectional) set on top of it?
My garage is a 20 x 20 how many orders of the 6 mats will I have too buy
Are these pastel or primary? Thanks!
how many will i need to cover a 10x10 space
is this good for wrestling?
How do you clean these mats?
why are they for ages 3+? what about a 9 month old?
Can i use this product for outdoors? its for a kindergarten.
I am a kindergarten teacher and would like to use these for a mat. Are the tiles large enough for each student to comfortably sit in one tile?
I am a kindergarten teacher and I would like to us these for lining up. Are you able to interlock the tiles to make a line of 24 tiles?
I want to get these to be used as a floor cushion in my 8ft x 16ft tent. Does anyone know how many packages I would need to buy?
Anyone have any experience with these on carpet ?
Are these pastel or primary? Thanks!
how many will i need to cover a 10x10 space
is this good for wrestling?
How do you clean these mats?
why are they for ages 3+? what about a 9 month old?
Can i use this product for outdoors? its for a kindergarten.
I am a kindergarten teacher and would like to use these for a mat. Are the tiles large enough for each student to comfortably sit in one tile?
I am a kindergarten teacher and I would like to us these for lining up. Are you able to interlock the tiles to make a line of 24 tiles?
I want to get these to be used as a floor cushion in my 8ft x 16ft tent. Does anyone know how many packages I would need to buy?
Anyone have any experience with these on carpet ?
Is it for boys or either boys or girls
What is the height from the floor to the main work surface? I'm seeing conflicting measurements on other sites. Thanks!
Can we just buy the wooden building pieces? I can't find them on the M&amp;D website.
age requirement
Would this be appropriate to buy for a 5 year old? I want something he won't outgrow in a couple months.
What are ideas in the booklet? How many building variations? What are they?
set up
Is it shipped inside another box? Or is it clearly evident at the front door?
Does this come with the parts with which to construct the ideas in the book?
What is the length and width of the actual working surface? I know it stands about 2ft off the ground but wonder how much actual working room it has.
Does anyone have the dimensions available for each piece?
I am considering this furniture but keep reading that the dolls dont fit. In what way, too small/big or are they actually a perfect match? Thanks!
Would this furniture work in the Melissa &amp; Doug Deluxe Folding Medieval Castle?
Would this furniture work with Barbies or is it too small?
Does these fit well with the Calico Critters?
Does it fit Schleich horses?
Does this barn come with the horses?
Do Breyer horses fit into this?
Are the horses in this set the same size as the horses in the show horse stable by Melissa and Doug
what are the dimensions of this stable ?
What is the exact height and length of the included horses? I'm trying to see if Papo horses would fit. Thanks!
How tall and long are the horses?
do "My Little Ponies" fit in here?
what are the dimensions of the stable? how tall are horses?
Do Breyer Stablemates horses work with this stable? Thanks
Can it go outside?
age 3 year old?
What are the dimensions of the product once assembled?
Ok what are the tools I should have to put it together? I have a small power drill but any thing else?
Is the sink, fridge, oven, ect. big enough for the play foods, dishes, and utensils?
Do the dishwasher and oven doors open to the side or down towards the floor?
Where is this made?
Are the corners of the doors (fridge, oven, dishwasher) sharp corners, or are they rounded? I can't tell from the photos.
do u send to northern ireland ??? if so much for shipping fee??
boy
Where do i get parts for TW 748 corsair
I wanted to upgrade to a brushless motor considering there are some disagreements with the power of the brushed. any recommendations on motor and esc?
the airplane is ready to fly?
what is the red button on the side used for and what causes it to only wait to start backwards?
it comes complete? remote, motor, servos, battery, charger? please tell me what comes in the box.
are these pipe cleaners (chenille stems) or a door hanger?
Photo doesn't match description... is this a wreath holder, or box of pipe cleaners? Reviews show both.
Are these 12 inches long?
do the blocks fit with leggos?
how long is the ship when finished
how many peices
Does this have any plastic in it? If so, is it BPA free?
What are the materials? Is it latex-free?
Does the tangle break apart than attach again ?
Do you think my two year old would like this? there is a chance he is autistic just wait for his appointment with a developmentalist
How much noise does it make?
Is it quiet? I'm looking for something that doesn't make noise.
Does it make noise? Will it distract other students?
Is this the same size as the 'regular' tangle junior? Is there any tangle in a slightly larger size for adult hands?
How long did it take for them to deliver it?
Does the model come with a stand for action posing?
out of curiosity is there a stand i can buy (or make) to make the funnels float and do the funnels come apart or are the pieces stuck together?
Does this need extendable body mounts?
Does it come with any decals?
does it come pre cut?
will this fit a 1/5 scale ?
is this body all clear
How easy is it to take the handle on/off for transportation in a medium sized SUV (Santa Fe)?
how easy is it to remove the canopy to pack this into a hatchback or SUV?
what is the age limit that a child can use it?
is this too big/bulky for a zoo trip or theme parks like disney, sea world, legoland, etc?
is this too small for a 4 year old?
can this fit into the trunk of a nissan sentra or similar vehicle?
Can you push the wagon or does it have to be pulled?
does it adapt for a newborn
Do the wagon seats fold to a flat surface ?
Can the handle fold underneath the wagon like on the Step2 Neighborhood Wagon?
dimensions?
Are the pieces interlocking?
how many pieces?
how many pieces
How many pieces? What are the dimensions of the puzzle once completed?
What I need to buy additional items with this truck so I can fully run it after I build it ? Such as remote control etc ... ? And what type
does it have sound?
can you put a brushless motor in it
is it waterproof?
Why exactly do I need a 4 channel radio? What are the other 2 channels used for?
Is it ready to run, or do you need to buy a engine
Can I get extra paint for this painting?
do these dimension paint by number kits require paint mixing?
Are any preparation or extra supplies required? If it comes as a papaer roll, do you have to strech it first? Any details are appreciated.
is this on canvas?
It is supposed to include brushes but I can't find any of them. What should I do?
Is this painting have to be done by mixing colors?
How much does each cylinder weigh? Is the set 3 oz each or 3 oz total?
Any tips on the best way to drill the holes precisely for these? I'm having trouble finding an appropriate cheap drill gude or drill press.
Are these weights pure tungsten, a tungsten alloy, or coated tungsten (i.e,. zinc-coated)? I need a (reasonably) pure sample for an experiment.
How many cylinders are included?
What is the quality of the wheels?
is assembly required?
Does this table come with bats/balls?
Do this plane has controller ? How many is the control range.
What items are included in the box and do you need to buy?
is it gas
Will the transmitter for the Radian RTF and battery type work in the Park Zone Sport Cub BNF also?
Please what is the max range the stock transmitter can allow?
Can It handle a GoPro mounted on the belly?
what is the wing diametre?
fly time
Is this plane using the brushless motor?
The answer above says there are no servos is this correct?
How much is the shipping cost for sending it to Colombia?
Not Clear: I have the basic plane, PKZ1033 battery, 5 channel Transmitter, spare spinner and prop, what else do I need. Its a Christmas present. Thank
can i know how far it will go ?
Is this plane RTF? If it isn't, please what do I need to make it fly with controls in my hand? I'm a begginer with no clue atall.
Does it come with controls
what diameter is the ball
does it come inflated?
Son has health issues &amp; need to know if it says anywhere if this is pthalate/BPA-free? Is there a smell to it?
does it come with an air pump?
Does this kit come with the butterfly net as pictured? I don't see it in the description, only in the photo.
Does the bug collecting box have a string to wear it around kids' neck? My son had one he loved last year and I've been looking everywhere for another
Does this set include the net??
What age is best?
what are the dimensions of the bug cage?
how long can you keep your bugs
Large please. I'm a 36D.
If and when will a "Large" be available? I am a 38 DD. Thanks.
32B-C but the small is sold out. Will medium still fit?
Will you ever carry a smaller size?
I am a 34A but there are no more small sizes anywhere to be found. But I've heard the medium would still work, is this true?
Why does the small size say, "34C through 38C" and the medium say "32A-B"?
Would a medium fit most people?
If it's cold white wine or beer that is inside of the bladder, doesn't the temperature of your body warm it up really quickly? Or is it insulated?
What about 36-38B? or are we out of luck? (as always...)
How much wine will the bra hold?
Large please. I'm a 36D.
If and when will a "Large" be available? I am a 38 DD. Thanks.
32B-C but the small is sold out. Will medium still fit?
Will you ever carry a smaller size?
I am a 34A but there are no more small sizes anywhere to be found. But I've heard the medium would still work, is this true?
Why does the small size say, "34C through 38C" and the medium say "32A-B"?
Would a medium fit most people?
If it's cold white wine or beer that is inside of the bladder, doesn't the temperature of your body warm it up really quickly? Or is it insulated?
What about 36-38B? or are we out of luck? (as always...)
How much wine will the bra hold?
Is the 12 inch Sweet Pea doll I just ordered is an AUTHENTIC Madame alexander?
does she have legs?
does she shut her eyes when she lays down?
Does the doll smell like baby powder?
My doll did not come in an original box...is that normal? I don't want a fake.
what clothes have you gotten for this doll?
is she multicultural?
Some reviews say this doll may be boring for a 2yr old...what do you think?
Is this okay for a 3 year old?
Would a five year old love this doll?
what is the latest game of canasta called?
how many decks for 4 players
are there one or two decks in a package?
Does this set include instructions
How is this different from regular canasta?
Can you use these cards to play hand and foot?
what is the game about
what is the game about
How tall is this carriage when adjustable handle is at the highest position
are the wheels rubber
we cant get the left wheel to snap on??? right side snapped easily???Why-how do we fix...Christmas Eve is 2 days away....TY
Does the front wheel turn easily? or do you have to lift up to turn it? Want to make sure easy to push and turn corner.
is handle bar padded?
is the fabric strong enough for a 2 year old to sit in? Try as I might my older daughter always coerces the baby to sit in the seat to push her
does the front wheel swivel?
How does the stroller fold?
I opened the stroller but can't fold it. How do I do that?
Thank you all for your answers...we were able to get the left wheel snapped on! Right side used spacer, but left side wouldn't snap on w/the spacer..
Can you advise if the handle is reversible?
Some of the reviews mention this is red and black. Is it still available in this color combo?
I've had 2 different answers. Does the pink bag hanging off the handles come with it.
Is there a noticeable difference between the one for a 2 year old and the one for a 4 year old?
We just got this stroller as a gift for my daughter but the back rear wheel keeps falling off. Has anyone else had this issue?
My granddaughter is about 4 1/2 feet tall. I am looking for a stroller she can push without having to bend over. Is this stroller for big kids?
When in the stroller position can the doll face outwards as well as towards the child?
Why does it show it with a pink bag hanging off the handle? Does it come with it?
What is the tallest height of this stroller?
Can you put a 20" doll in it?
Do the seats recline?
Does it have real buckles? My daughter loves buckling and unbuckling.
I have the stroller and I can't do the first step from the box - unfold it! Seems very stiff. Any tips please?
Would this be a good stroller for a 2 year old?
Would you buy this for boys, or does it look very girly in person?
Is this pink or red???
Is this pink or red???
What material are the wheels made out of? Are they safe for hard wood floors?
Does this have rubber wheels?
Can you take the tray off for daily use or just for storage?
Does it fold up?
What is the lowest height of the stroller handle?
Does the front wheel swivel?
I got one of these from Mommy &amp; Me, but the tray seems VERY hard to get on and off. Any suggestions?
what are the dimensions?
Did anyone else order this dollhouse and receive a Kidkraft Large Pastel Kitchen instead?
What dolls do you use? I don't really want Barbies...and want something that can actually sit in chairs. Thanks!
How long did this take to put together? Skill level needed on a scale of 1-10, 10 being most difficult. Thanks.
Are the Disney Playset dolls (4" tall) too small to use in this house?
One review said the floors are thick cardboard- is that correct? I expected they would be wood...
Any recommendations to purchasing additional dollhouse furniture?
I bought this used and it does not have furniture. What furniture would you recommend buying? Is the Hape brand dollhouse furniture too small?
Is this house and the furniture large enough to fit Barbies???
32.5 x 13.5 x 51-inches (HxDxW) is what the description says but are those numbers really WxDxH? In other words, it is taller than wide yes?
Are there any actual windows in the firetruck for ventilation and to look through?
what are the real demensions in inches
What would be package dimensions? Lenght Width and height of the package that the product would come in?
What are the dimensions
Is it make to hook a tunnel to it?
Does anyone know how it holds up in salt water? I'm looking to use it in the bay.
how long does it take for shipping to pa
how big is the box? not sure if I can ask someone to bring it over. Can I get exact dimensions? thanks
how big is the box? not sure if I can ask someone to bring it over. Can I get exact dimensions? thanks
thanks- does it seem well-made? strong enough to hold a bunch of 11-year-olds?
How do you inflate it? does it come with a pump?
My daughter is 3. Should I get playmobile 1.2.3 or regular playmobile?
Is playmobile 1.2.3 compatible with regular playmobile?
age?
how many decks do you get
Do these fit in automatic/manual card shufflers such as the following? http://www.amazon.com/Casino-6-Deck-A...
whatis the thickness of the plastic playing cards
I purchased a Jumbo Size before and the letters &amp; numbers were small. Can someone assure me that these cards are the ones with big size letters?
bridge
size of cards
#1 - Are there 2 jokers per deck? #2 - Does jumbo index relate to print size or overall size of playing card?
Are cut cards included?
Are the 2 joker cards different in appearance?
How long will they glow? And can they be used in the bath?
Will these glow under a blacklight?
Do these smell bad? I ask because I bought some glowing lizards for my son before and they smelled soooo bad, I had to throw them out!
are these made of soft &amp; squishy material? thanks for your time :)
looking to do a horror shoot inspired by Re-Animator. There enough of these to break open and fill a small 8 oz jar with the fluid?
how are they packaged?
Do the different colors of the glow sticks come from different chemicals or is the plastic of the tubes different colors?
How thick are these? we need them to be like a candle. what is the diameter of the stick?
Some reviewers that this is not the best brand. Please tell me what brand you think is best -brightest, longest-lasting. We're thinking of handing these out for Halloween.
Are they bright enough to light up a paper lantern?
These say "extra thick" - I am using them for a craft project and need to know if they will fit into a wine bottle.
To be clear, I am receiving 25 lights correct?
Hi, How can I combine Shipping? I was interested in buying Blue and White Glow Sticks. Thanks
Will the sticks last for a few hours of Trick or Treating, submerged in water filled milk jugs to look like ghosts?
My kids need art smocks for school use. Is this smock sturdy enough to send to school?
I know reviews have mentioned how this fits their various children but does anyone have a length/sleeve measurement?...I need a smock for my 7 yr old
Is it machine washable?
How much does the weight go up to? Age?
Fabric and size
What&acute;s the dimensions of the box exactly
Can I sit on it to read a book to my child? I'm 150 lbs. Thank you
What&acute;s the dimensions of the bed disasembled (the box)?
will i get all the cards shown ?
Was the deal that i just bought worth it or no
are the cards in the picture cards that we will receive ?
u got anything worth rolling for a dragon deck or more importantly a elemental hero deck?
Does this lot come with the Egyptian God Cards and Exodia pieces?
what is the shipping price?
The cards are from the first YUGIOH (2002-2005) or from which editions??
Sorry if i bought 2 or more, will be repite cards?
how long is shipping?
Are all these cards real?
size and material of wheel
Where is it made at?
how big is the rake and trowel??
R THESE GUITARS GOOD FOR A PRESCHOOL CLASSROOM?
white size are they in the packaging (before inflating)? Assembling party favor bags and need to know how big the bags need to be.
I ordered this and received all pink guitars. I'm annoyed. Do these generally come in a variety of colors?
How much does the 12 pack weights before inflating? I would like to order 4 packs but need to send it afterwards and the weight is important
can u ship to saudi arabia ? i need it big time after 20 days
time of delivery
magnetic?
Are they bobble heads?
is the fish also a bobble head
does it include a husky?
What is the size of this mixer. Does the bowl rotate?
Can you put anything like cake mix in there?
Does the mixer itself separate from the stand to be a hand held mixer?
Can you put real water in the bowl?
Is the thickness the same as a regular index card?
Does it say where the note cards are manufactured?
Where are these shipped from?
What are the colors? I specifically need orange.
Is this car big enough for my 7 year old and my 5 year old daughters?
does the power wheel escalade have a remote controlled setting?
Does this product have seat belts?
does this car come with a rechargeable battery and charger?
I was wondering what color this power wheels escillade is: It shows a black one but it doesnt acutaly state that its black so what color are they please?
is it easy to set up
does it come with ac adapter
Are there any relatively inexpensive games of a similar nature for an infrequent player ?
does it use batteries?
does it float????
suitable for a 5 year old boy?
Is this a model that needs assembly?
I saw this toy on 2 different sites on Amazon. They look exactly the same, but one takes 2 AA batteries and the other 4 AAA batteries. Which is it?
Does this board have a carrying handle?
Does this work with regular sized marbles? Thank you.
Is this brand compatible with Quercetti Marble Run products?
what is the marble size?
how does this compare to Marbleworks?
Is this brand compatible with Mindware marble run products?
is this compatible with Imaginarium marble run pieces?
is the surface straight?
what is the play area size of this board ?
Does anyone who has the EzyRoller have the Razor FlashRider 360? How does it compare?
Does this work OK on flat driveway or streets? We have concrete streets, but no hills at all......will this still work?
How big is a package ?
How do you compare this to The Flying Turtle?
Is razor flash rider or these EZ rider better for a 5 girl grandaughters birthday
Just received this in the mail and ready to assemble. Why does the box say maximum weight is 75 lbs?? I thought it was 150?
What is the minimum height of a child that could ride this?
Are there any surfaces this does not work well on?
Why does the seat on the pink one look like fabric when the others look hard?
I have a pretty tall and athletic 3 year old, is this Ezy Roller appropriate for her age?
I was wondering if the "hair" on the rocking horse is more pink or more white? One pic shows it one way, and the other pic shows it the other way.
Does it need to be put together? If so, how long did it take?
dimensions
What is the child's weight limit for this toy?
does it come with a controller
Can stronger batteries be used
I currently have a Ember 2 that is broken. Where can I buy a replacement plane without the transmitter seeing I already have the Ember 2 transmitter.
how much do the wheels only weigh?
will it fly in Bogota, Colombia, where it is 2640m of altitude
does it come with a charger? if not what does a charger for this plane cost?
how big is it
How high does the number song count to?
how is this toy different from the Fisher-Price Laugh &amp; Learn sing w/ Me CD player N8904?
what age is this for ?
Does this play actual cds?
Does it sing words to the songs?
How many songs are on each cd?
Are they the same songs from the laugh and learn house?
does it play continuously? for how long?
can you buy extra CD's for the player when they get lost?
age
is this too "baby-ish" for a 2 year old?
i bought this for my one yr old was super excited intill i noticed it isnt working right. isnt the butterfly supposed to make music?
Does this also speak Spanish
WHAT IS THE WING SPAN?
how large is the box it comes in?
what is the approximate Flying Duration?
Does this plane require assembly of any sort aside from putting in battery and/or putting on propeller?
Are there floats and/or snow skis available for this plane? Does it have an X-port for the HobbyZone aerial drop module?
What are the parts which most commonly break?
Dose it come with RC? if not which one is suitable for this plain?
IS IT ASSEMBLED?
Do you have to assemble?
can it carry a gopro?
size
what color is the car?
Where is it made
Is on the side real white or is it the grey color that it shows
Is it metal? Are the seats made of fabric or harsh plastic? Does the steering wheel turns to move the front wheels?
Can I get this in red?
What is involved in anchoring this set?
If we move in the next 2 years, do you think this is easily transferrable to a new house?
What would be the minimum safe dimensions to safely use the swings in a fenced-in yard?
What would be the minimum safe dimensions to safely use the swings in a fenced-in yard?
What are the dimensions of the box it comes in?
do the surfaces get hot if in sun? anyone use the little tikes infant swing seat with this set. My daughter will be 12 months soon and loves to swing?
Is it easy to put together
What is the maximum weight supported?
PRODUCT DIMENSION ON THE BOX OR SHIPPING?
I have the original Peg Perego John Deere Gator Style MP270, will these tires fit this gator? Are any additional parts needed? If so, please advise
just want to confirm these are front tires, title says front and description says rear?
how do i replace the old tires? do i need any other new clips?
on average how long would it take to build?
is the light included?
Hello. I'm in france and I wouil like to buy this Kit. It seems great. What price with post to send it to me ? How can I pay ? Thank you for answer.
Will the light kit Amazon sells fit this model, or do I need to get the more expensive TV version?
about how many pieces are there to this kit
will the light kit from polar lights work on this kit. The listing says its for TOS model. Thx
how big is it
are there colored parts
how wide is the saucer section and how long is the model total
Do you send to Germany? If so, shipping Costs and how i have to pay? Im very interested to buy all you have in Stock....
Is this waterproof ? I want to use outside to keep chalk for an outsie chalkboard ?
please can you say me the dimensions in german cm?.. thank you
please can you say me the dimensions in german cm?.. thank you
This has a 3 volt minimum charge, right?
Can anyone recommend a good, wall-plug charger for this battery? The charger I've got now must be plugged into a car.
How many recharges can one expect before they go bad? My third pack went dead after 1 initial charge. My other 2 got only about 20 charges.
How long does it take to recharge this battery?
Will this battery work with the following models: Park Zone Sport Cub BNF, Super Cub S BNF with SAFE, and Park Zone Radian Pro BNF?
will a li-po7.43sli-pox1 replace a battery long life.
Is this a 15c lipo?
What does the big set and the small set of cables do on the battery?
What is the best way to measure the voltage in this battery?
Can this work in rc crawlers such as Maisto R/C Rock Crawler? I know I have to take the battery pack out but if i get a connector will it work
What size is this?????
Is this the AutoArt display case? if not what is the brand?
what are the inside dimensions
Whats the scale/size of furniture?
Is this for Barbie dolls or bigger 18 inch dolls?
What do you mean by assembly required?
what is the scale of this furniture
what is the scale 1/2 in or 1 in
My mother-in-law has a dollhouse with floor height 8", room size 12"x12". I am not sure if this furniture set will fit the dollhouse? thanks
would thid fit a barbie
What is the dimension of the tallest piece in the set?
is this 1/2 scall because thats what i need
how tall is it?
How tall is this toy?
What kind of batteries are owners successfully using in this? With standard alkaline AA's, the gate motor is weak and needs "help" to raise on ours.
What are the full dimensions of this please? L x H x W and weight too please
My little boy loves this toy but we just lost the actual gate part. Can you purchase just this part?
Is this single-sided or double-sided?
Does this toy make the classic 'ding ding ding ding' noise to alert oncomers at a train crossing?
Does this toy make any train sounds in addition to the crossing bell sound?
The specs for this say it is 17 inches tall, but several other heights have been mentioned by owners including 31 and 36 inches. Which is correct?
Does it make the crossing signal sound as well as light up?
What size is the largest piece?
Are the pieces made of wood?
how big are the pieces like how tall?
what size doll is this furniture for?
Which Expansion Set is best to buy first? But for those of us who can't afford it all upfront, would you recommend buying Dominion Intrigue or Seaside with the original?
Card Sleeves for Dominion: What is the best card sleeves for the Dominion cards?
My kids love 7 Wonders...to anyone who has played both Dominion and 7W, do they compare at all?
What ages is the game best for?
Is this a complicated game that would require someone who already knows how to play teaching us, or could my husband and I teach ourselves?
how is the game played?
Does Dominion involve much social interaction with other players? As reference, I consider Catan to be relatively social (e.g., trading), but not Ticket to Ride.
If I get Dominion and an expansion like seaside or intrigue, how many people can play?
is it fun for 2 players
what is the minimum number of players?
Can you use this on things other than foam board such as chipboard and museum board for model building?
The recommended replacement blades are not offered on Amazon that I can tell. Where can they be purchased? Is the Foamwerks channel just a straight ed
does this item work with the foamwerks channel rail?
How deep can you cut at a 45* angle with it? Would the blade extend enough to cut through 1/2" EVA foam?
Is there a door with this wagon? Thanks, Mimi
Are the wheels on this wagon made of rubber? Are there issues with the wheels being uneven. Thanks,
How does the handle store?
Does this work well on sand? I really want to use it more due dragging beach gear around with the kids
how much assembly is required?
Is the hub in the wheels plastic or steel and what is the weight limit?
can you buy a canopy for this wagon
Is it loud if you use it on sidewalk?
are there seat belts?
Are the wheels rubber?
how big are the bars?
Could you fit a gift card inside?
is there one package with 12 boxes total or are there 12 packages with 12 boxes total
Is this a 6 pack?
Would this be able to launch blueberries?
Is it big enough to launch ping pong balls?
give me specific size please...desk top??? inches???? feet???? who's desk?? a child?? an adult??
would it launch tennis balls 16 feet?
Will this Catapult have the strength to launch a small Pumpkin weighing about 4 to 8 oz.?
Does it come with any balls?
How far does it shoot?
how many wheels come with this set?
there is mention of counterfeits and no "magformers' name stamped to the pieces is this true of all the magformer cruiser packs purchased on this site
is this good for a 7 year old boy?
are there diagrams/instructions that a 5 year old can follow?
Early reviews complained of cheaper materials. Did these get updated over the years? Do the pieces in this set look/feel cheaper than other sets?
how big are the pieces?
Can the Magformers from the Classic sets be used with the Magformers from the Cruisers sets? Are the Magformers from both sets the same?
In the video, it shows a remote which I do not see included. Is this remote sold separately?
are the triangles and squared in this set the same size as the other standard magformers sets? I'm confused by the XL.
do you have to use the silver edges? will they work without them or are they permanently attached?
ho big of space do i need to put it together? What are the measurements of the puzzle when finished?
could you tell me if the pieces are divided in bags and if it, in how many bags?
Does anyone know the dimensions of each 1/2 trying to determine if I need a bigger space?
Do you deliver this puzzle in serbia also.. with free shipping
what are the dimentions of the finished puzzle?
Just bought this puzzle. I would love to frame it. The last puzzle I framed was only 500 pieces, how do I go about framing this, since it's 2 parts?
Which side of the puzzle is easier to start with left or right?
Can I change the landscape??? I already have The Bombardment of Algiers. I live in Brazil, but I will be in Pompano Beach the week of Blackfriday.
how large is the finished product?
Do you ship this item to Israel? how much the shipping costs?
how long takes to complete
I want to frame this puzzle. Are there recommendations for puzzle frames and puzzle frame dimensions? I know puzzle dimensions are already answered.
KidKraft So Chic Dollhouse: Would like to know if the caster wheels work on carpet
barbie
can I purchase the accessories separately?
Does it come with a doll?
How tall is this dollhouse? People say it's huge by how does it compare to some of the other kidkraft "mansions"
Will this dollhouse accommodate Groovy Girls Dolls?
Does it fit into luggage ? because I want to take it home with me as a gift
what is difference between so chic dollhouse and the so chic deluxe ?
what are the dimentions?
Would the disney princess toddler dolls work ok with this? They are definitely bigger than barbie but about the same height.
Could you please tell me is it high quality?? has it any guarantee that it will not be damaged after 1 month. I want to use it for kids classroom ??
Why is this recommended for children of 3yrs +? Why not younger children?
do they contain formamide ingredient?
overall size
how many would you recommend to cover a 9 x 10 floor?
How have the mats held up for any sharp objects? I want to use it for puppies playing on them so they don't slip and easy cleanup but they have claws.
how many would you recommend to cover a 3.5 x 4 floor?
Do these squares interlock with similar squares from other brands? In particular, I have a set from Lowe's that I would like to expand. Thanks.
we're using these as temporary padding for our kids until we finish our basement. Will these hold up to having furniture (sectional) set on top of it?
My garage is a 20 x 20 how many orders of the 6 mats will I have too buy
Could you please tell me is it high quality?? has it any guarantee that it will not be damaged after 1 month. I want to use it for kids classroom ??
Why is this recommended for children of 3yrs +? Why not younger children?
do they contain formamide ingredient?
overall size
how many would you recommend to cover a 9 x 10 floor?
How have the mats held up for any sharp objects? I want to use it for puppies playing on them so they don't slip and easy cleanup but they have claws.
how many would you recommend to cover a 3.5 x 4 floor?
Do these squares interlock with similar squares from other brands? In particular, I have a set from Lowe's that I would like to expand. Thanks.
we're using these as temporary padding for our kids until we finish our basement. Will these hold up to having furniture (sectional) set on top of it?
My garage is a 20 x 20 how many orders of the 6 mats will I have too buy
Why can't this mat be used on carpet?
What type mat do you use, I have an 8 mo old granddaughter and need something to keep her contained.
is this made by edushape
Will these hold up outdoors on the patio?
Could you please tell me is it high quality?? has it any guarantee that it will not be damaged after 1 month. I want to use it for kids classroom ??
Why is this recommended for children of 3yrs +? Why not younger children?
do they contain formamide ingredient?
overall size
how many would you recommend to cover a 9 x 10 floor?
How have the mats held up for any sharp objects? I want to use it for puppies playing on them so they don't slip and easy cleanup but they have claws.
how many would you recommend to cover a 3.5 x 4 floor?
Do these squares interlock with similar squares from other brands? In particular, I have a set from Lowe's that I would like to expand. Thanks.
we're using these as temporary padding for our kids until we finish our basement. Will these hold up to having furniture (sectional) set on top of it?
My garage is a 20 x 20 how many orders of the 6 mats will I have too buy
Are these pastel or primary? Thanks!
how many will i need to cover a 10x10 space
is this good for wrestling?
How do you clean these mats?
why are they for ages 3+? what about a 9 month old?
Can i use this product for outdoors? its for a kindergarten.
I am a kindergarten teacher and would like to use these for a mat. Are the tiles large enough for each student to comfortably sit in one tile?
I am a kindergarten teacher and I would like to us these for lining up. Are you able to interlock the tiles to make a line of 24 tiles?
I want to get these to be used as a floor cushion in my 8ft x 16ft tent. Does anyone know how many packages I would need to buy?
Anyone have any experience with these on carpet ?
Could you please tell me is it high quality?? has it any guarantee that it will not be damaged after 1 month. I want to use it for kids classroom ??
Why is this recommended for children of 3yrs +? Why not younger children?
do they contain formamide ingredient?
overall size
how many would you recommend to cover a 9 x 10 floor?
How have the mats held up for any sharp objects? I want to use it for puppies playing on them so they don't slip and easy cleanup but they have claws.
how many would you recommend to cover a 3.5 x 4 floor?
Do these squares interlock with similar squares from other brands? In particular, I have a set from Lowe's that I would like to expand. Thanks.
we're using these as temporary padding for our kids until we finish our basement. Will these hold up to having furniture (sectional) set on top of it?
My garage is a 20 x 20 how many orders of the 6 mats will I have too buy
Could you please tell me is it high quality?? has it any guarantee that it will not be damaged after 1 month. I want to use it for kids classroom ??
Why is this recommended for children of 3yrs +? Why not younger children?
do they contain formamide ingredient?
overall size
how many would you recommend to cover a 9 x 10 floor?
How have the mats held up for any sharp objects? I want to use it for puppies playing on them so they don't slip and easy cleanup but they have claws.
how many would you recommend to cover a 3.5 x 4 floor?
Do these squares interlock with similar squares from other brands? In particular, I have a set from Lowe's that I would like to expand. Thanks.
we're using these as temporary padding for our kids until we finish our basement. Will these hold up to having furniture (sectional) set on top of it?
My garage is a 20 x 20 how many orders of the 6 mats will I have too buy
Anyone know what firmware comes pre-installed on this?
Does this item have a Headphone Jack?....and if so, what size is the Jack? Also does this item have built in speakers?
this have camera?
Does this come with a memory stick?
will it work in the UK
does this plug into ps3 console?
Can you play old PSP-1001 games on PSP-3000 system?
Can u play PS VITA games on this because I don't See any other games that come with this HELP
Why does it say "Discontinued by manufacturer: Yes"
Can you download digital ps vita games on the psp 3000?
Can the lights be turned on without the sound fx or do the lights only come on when the sound fx are played?
How sturdy is the plastic? As a reference, is it Tupperware lid strong? Or thick, industrial strength plastic strong?
is it the same size as the original enterprise?
who is the manufacturer?
how big is it?
does it require asembly
Anyway to fix the sloping saucer? I see there are two screws inside the saucer, but it also appears to be glued.
Does this model have light bleed issues?
Is THIS the starship that plays in the New Star Trek 2012 movie?
i mean is the model the same size of the original toy enterprise
What does 97/31 mean?
Is this the northern Italy style of cards?
Do instructions in both Italian and English come with cards?
What is the appropriate age for these dolls? A 2-3 year old?
Are they really made cheaply as some have said in their comments?
The picture clearly shows embroidered eyes, yet some of the negative feedback says these are cheaply made and the eyes are stick on.
What is the footprint width of the slide portion?
can you use balls in pool instead of water?
What kind of increase in my electricity bill can I expect using this??
how tall are the walls from the inside?
how long is the slide?
How does this item hold up to being outside in the sun, heat and rain? How many years would it last approx. being outside with normal use?
what is the weight limit in total and per user?
How high is the slide ?
Do you know how big the actual bounce area is ?
Is this a residential item or commercial?
Does anyone know how many ideas are in the idea book? Is it worth the price to get the sorted beads with the book, or should I go for a book alone?
Does this kit come with ironing paper?
Case-lid? Does this product's case have a lid?
what colors does it come with? I can only see the six shown.
Can extra puzzles be added to this game?
How many pieces does each puzzle contain?
Can the pieces be made larger for a senior who doesnt see well?
How many different shapes can be chosen?
does this work on windows Vista
Will it work on Windows 7
Can you use your own photographs to make puzzles?
Does this work with Windows 8?
will it work on windows8?
Does this "battery" really store electricity?
can you use potato
What metal are the connection wires made of?
we need about 3 copper and zinc electrodes, but we can cut electrodes. how long are these electrodes? What exactly does the kit include?
I am confused on reviews. Does each figure come separate in plastic bag AND box? One review says in box, one says no box, just bag?
About how many pieces are each figure?
Do these figures come in the original boxes?
Are the figures moveable?
Does the Dr in wheelchair come with
How tall are the figurines?
I read on some of the remote controls that they don't have on/off switches. Does this one have an on and off switch?
What colors do you have left?
I want to get two trucks for my grandsons for Christmas. Are they on different frequencies so that they can play with them at the same time?
what frequency does it operate on?
is the truck using rechargable batterys
Can a very smart 3 year old play with it or is the controller to difficult for a young child?
is it plastic or metal?
what is the size of the truck...how tall ?
what is speed?
how fast is it
Does this bounce house require the blower to run constantly? I would like to use it indoors but without the added noise.
Can it be used outside?
what is the dimension if unassembled?
What's the oldest kid you've had bounce in here? Would it work for a tall 5 1/2 year old? Is she going to bounce into the top netting?
How do you inflate it? Does it come with an electric pump?
Can a 150 pound person practice flips or jumps in the bouncer? Would that be to much pressure?
How big is the bounce area itself? Am I just missing that? I see 6x6 feet but I assume that is the overall footprint ...
how do you deflate?
How would you repair this if punctured .. Anybody know of a repair kit ?
Is this deck the same as the Ellusionist Gaff Deck?
does this deck come with instructions?
can you do pip matrix: can you do pip matrix with these cards
the deck i want has blank back,blank faces, ,double facers,red/blue double backs,double backs etc..is this such a deck?
Is there a case recommended for this guitar or can anyone recommend one?
Does this guitar come with a place to attach a strap?
I saw this model in my local music store and the lady there told me that this model has 3 nylon and 3 steel strings...is this the case or are the strings all nylon?
Are the strings steel?
If this guitar will be shipped overseas, well packed though, will it still possibly suffer from humidity and temperature changes? shipment by ship.
does this product come with the nylon strings installed? i'm not an expert, but if i have to install the strings myself, i'm afraid i can't.
Does this guitar have a pick guard; I could not see one in the photo.
should i get this as an acoustic guitar or a classical guitar. my budgit is about $80 or should iget a different guitar. if so what brand/model
Is the neck narrower than the full size
what is the best case for this guitar
so how many do you get in the mail when it arrives?
Why don't you get all 3?
does it last
why do you have to pick the colar
How bad is the shock
is all three of the kind all toghert is 1.76
What batteries does it use?
How many cards come in total?
Green &amp; BROWN? Green, yes, but the other one looks purple in the photo.
What is the difference between bridge size and other sizes?
How many jokers in each deck?
How many cards come in total?
Can you attach a strap.
what size is the neck of the guitar.
Does this guitar come with a case my son can use to carry it, or does this need to be purchased separately?
is it for left handed
Are there any good cards?
Is it individually packed?
are there a lot of energy cards as well? either way too late i already ordered.
Are there any good cards?
Can you get the cards if it's not your sons birth day?
is there any team rocket or brock cards
Are these cards in English?
How many card are in this pack?
are there any ex cards in the deck
Are there quite a lot of fake cards?
Is it worth it if i have 18 dollars and my mom is giving me 2?
How are the eyes applied? Some can be pulled out and swallowed.
Has anyone bought this recently? I bought one about two years ago, I could swear it's the same exact thing...but where is the plain black puppy?
Why does it say for 3 year olds? And what are the Hazard choking parts?
How tall is the dog house?
Exactly how small are the puppies?
age appropriate?
How long &amp; wide are the puppies when sitting on their own?
How large are these puppies? looking for about 4" size
How does a child put the puppies in the house? Through the holes in front or is there a back door?
are they in colors, and will it stain my patio?
Can thee be used as a refill for the Gazillion Big Bubbles solution that comes with the giant bubble wand?
How good is the shelf life of these bubbles? (Some bubbles I buy loses the ability to bubble after a little while.)
Is this a spill-proof bottle?
What is this made of? Does this contain any harmful chemicals?
Does this fit the Fisher-Price lawn mower?
If I purchase the Gazillion bubble marker for a birthday party, how many refill bottles should I purchase?
Middle schooler appropriate?
When you look through this scope, are the planets just a white blob? I am looking for a scope which can make out fine detail. Thanks.
I sent to grandson and was told telescope came with no instructions . How do I get instructions.
Want to get for my husband; live on the Puget Sound and want to be able to see the islands, waters across the Sound as well as sky. Good for adult?
i purchased this for my grandchild for Christmas. Just put it together and it doesn't work, and is passed the return date. What can i do at this point
Can you see the rings of Saturn with this scope?
suitable for a six year old boy?
What age group is this for?
Can this scope see Saturn clearly? Thank you.
At the 75x zoom, will I be able to see Saturn, Jupiter, and the moon in fine detail and size?
Our baby was misplaced. Can we get another baby?
Are these dolls too small for the kidkraft majestic mansion?
Can Barbies and Barbies furniture work in this house?
Can these dolls sit
There are some reviews that say the arms and legs are fixed yet some reviews say they can bend. Which is true?
Are these dolls posable?
Can you please tell me if these dolls fit with the Majestic Mansion dollhouse. Thank you!
What is the best brand to buy for the Hape dollhouse?
Are these dolls compatable with Maxim Designed by You Dollhouse with Furniture
hello, i would like to know the dimensions of the car?
Is there room for 2 kid or smaller dolls to fit in it?
Is there a back seat?
can bratz dolls fit?
Is this car light pink or a darker hot pink?
Is this a Mattel product?
Does this car have a hatch back?
does it comes with a CD?
Does it have the black community starter train?
I've seen 3 different answers regarding the thickness of the tiles! Does anyone know the answer for sure?
How big are the individual dominoes?
does the set come with the trains, if so how many
I bought this model but i did not buy neither brushes, nor paints (I have never assembled (or painted) before) which materials would you suggest?
is this r/c?
Would this be easy to make for someone with absolutely no experience in this type of stuff?
Can you briefly Give out dimensions of the Plane like Length and Wingspan? much appreciated. Thank you.
Does the fuselage have the camo pattern stenciled onto it? I'd like to paint it without the camo pattern if possible.
This model is 1/48 scale. Just curious, when assembled, how long is it from front to tail?
Does anyone know of a place where I can buy just the cars? Ours are missing.
Where is this toy made?
What type of paint and adhesives are used to make this toy? Are they toxic? Do they have led in it?
Will it fit matchbox cars
I just ordered this for my 4 yr. old grandson will he love it ?
What are the measurements of the box? Is the size of the shipping box close to the size of the manufacturer box, or it's much bigger?
What are the measurements for this when it is assembled?
Do Matchbox &amp; Hot Wheels cars fit through the carwash? Is the Gear on the car wash made of wood?
What is this made out of? Wood, plastic, cardboard?
How difficult is it to put this together?
In the video it shows blue ramps on the picture it does not, are the ramps included in this model
Is this compatible with Matchbox cars? Do they fit in the elevator?
Will this fit the little people/fisher price cars?
With only two columns of scoring pegs, how can multiple people play?
I love the look of this scoreboard, but would like to know the dimensions as I'm trying to meet a window here. -Much Appreciation
Whats is the Size?
kokoi darts scoreboard is for cricket game only?
What are the sticks made of?
Why does my diabolo have a loose spin axle? It make a weird noise
what's it made of
How large is it?
Also what colors are available?
Does it come with at least 1-mo warranty ? If so even if it broke in few days you can still return or exchange it ??
What comes with it? and is it easy to break?
Why does my diabolo have a loose bearing , even though I tightened it up it's still loose and makes a eerie noise
Will this work for a redcat volcano? Has anyone ran this motor in one?
can i run it on stock titan 12t gearing???
Is this motor waterproof?
Can I run this on a 1/10 scale exceed rc buggy stock?
why is my reverse faster than forward
how much torque does this motor produce?
Can this motor be installed in a Redcat Racing Lightning EPX Drift? If so, would it need any gear modifications?
can i use this in an exceed legion 10
Which motor is better, this one or http://www.amazon.com/RS540-Sport-Tun...
what is the speed 35 or more
Will this machine dispense the 1" gumballs? If not, do you have one that will or a link to one that will? Thank you!
Is the mechanism easy enough for a child to turn without assistance?
Will a 15" globe fit this machine?
if this is ordered today could it be delivered by dec. 24th? thanks
Do you think small bouncy ball would work in it?
Do it comes already with gum in it?
I bought this a few years ago for my son- the globe broke. Can I get a replacement with the rubber part?
how tall is it
Does it have a lock
how tall is stand
will this fit on traxxas rustler vxl model 3707,does not look like it would to me. little help please
Does it fit the traxxas slash 2wd?
dose his work with traxxas t-maxx 3.3 4wd nitro?
Is this compatible with the Traxxas 1/16 Summit VXL?
will this heatsink fit a stampede 4x4 vxl 3500 motor?
Is this compatible with Tamiya Grasshopper wiith 540 Brushless Motor?
could I use this without the fan
is it water proof
I just bought this fan and I connected the wires, why doesn't it work? Never turns on and I have tried every possible way. PLEASE HELP!
I'm running it on a separate airplane 3s lipo 1500mah I haven't seen any smoke yet but the fan runs so fast and keeps my temps under 130 is that ok?
Is it possible to choose my color? We are using a rabbit's foot as part of our wedding ceremony, and one of our wedding colors is purple. Thanks!
I'd like to buy a blue rabbit's foot. Are these real?
hi there. i need 40 black rabbits feet. am i able to get them from you?
Do they have a purple rabbit foot?
Would it be possible to get one of these in black?
Are all amazons rabbit feet real
do you know the exact price?
Why does the tracking say out for delivery in Florida. i live in Michigan.
What size are these? Measurements can be approximate.
does this have a code or is it just the stuffed animal
How big are these stuffed animals
I'm curious whether all the cards are "family-friendly" (~PG rated)?
I have 3 kids, ages 12, 10, and 7. Can they play this game and have fun, or is it the kind of thing that only adults get?
How many cards are in this? And is it expansion pack or the game?
how do you play?
Gdgdgdhdhdhdhdgdhhdhdhyouhehhhdhfhfhh...
are there any examples of the game or the questions we can look at before buying?
Does anyone have some suggestions to write on the blank cards?
how is it played?
Is this different from We Didn't Playtest This: Legacies?
there is a this box and the black box....are they the same game except this one has the chaos pack?
size of pieces compared to a coin, such as a quarter?
what measurements are for the 1000 piece puzzles; example would be is it 20x21? I ask because I have board that I use and need to know if it will fit
how many pieces is it?
Is Terry Redlin's name on the puzzle, as pictured?
In product dimensions, it says 48.5 pounds... It is that true? Why is it so heavy?
What are the dimensions folded down? Can it fit in a suit case?
Can this tent be used by the pool? If so how do you get it to stay in place?
Would a kiddie pool fit INSIDE of this item when the tent is standing? So a portion of the kiddie pool would be shaded?
it does have screened ventilation?
does it have uv protection?
What is the size of the pack when you ship it?
Is there are carrying case?
The box says there are side and back sand pockets. Just put together and only see side pockets, no back pocket?
How many adults can fit?
HOW TALL THE ROBOT IS? CAN YU GIVE ME THE EXPECS?
Is metal or plastic
The pilder can be remove
Is articulated?
how big it is? I need its dimensions.
Does it come with the body ?
What is the size.? Can you please specify the toy's height?
How flexible is this product? Can I bend it width-wise (hot dog style) and have the ends touch without breaking?
Can I use this for a computer screen?
What is the magnification for this product?
Could this be cut so multiple kids could have a strip? Is it too brittle to cut?
Are there any page magnifiers that just lay on the page and work without picking it up?
Can this be laid directly on the page?
can you use appropriate size NAILS to attach to a wood beam if you can not access the other side?
Can you attach this swing hanger to a tree? We have a great tree in the backyard we would love to put a swing on. Would this work?
could these screws be used to attach wooden seat swings to a wooden swing set that comes with plastic, flexible seats?
We are attaching the swing to a wooden structure on our deck, not a swing set. Will this work?
I am wondering if it is possible to mount it underneath my deck border 2x4 for a swing set?
Do you get a set of hooks to hang the 2 ropes of a swing? Or do you just get one hook per order?
I am looking for a wooden swing set any good ones out there?
Is the weight limit of 115 lbs per hook? IE- will a pair support a 200lb adult?
does it comes as a set of 2
Do you have to add sand or water to the base?
does it come with a ball?
What is the highest height of the 4 different option on this hoop they don't say in the description?
I see from another answer that it adjusts up to 10 feet high. But does the rim accept full-size basketballs? And is it stable at the higher settings?
NOTE: The manual says that the circumference of the ball should be between 21 and 22 inches. That means the diameter of the ball is 6.69 to 7 inches.
could anyone tell me the dimensions of the box?
Does the netting come loose from the rim when you make a basket?
Is this weather resistant? Could it be left outside all spring and summer? Thank you.
How many boxes at what weight and what dimensions? becomes critical when taking it on aeroplane. thanks.
when would this ship if ordered today?
Is this actually 4 wheel drive? Our backyard has a slight incline and our current kiddie car only has one drive-wheel so it can't go up any incline.
How wide is the sitting area? Can it actually fit 2 kids?
i need to replace the battery .where can i find one to purcese?
Does it have the Velcro seat belts?
Where can i find replacement tires for 12V Mighty Wheelz 4x4 Ride-on
About how long does the battery last from being fully charged?
Does it drive on grass?
Is the batery included?
What age is this appropriate for? My daughter is 6. It looks like most of them are for smaller children
What is the weight capacity?
recommended age: Is the Cozy Coupe worth buying for an average sized 2 1/2 yr old?
is there a way to build this so that it doesn't have the face? a way to leave the eyes off?
does it have a horn that honks?
What do we do if we discover a missing part upon assembly of the car?
Shipping to APO addresses? Is this possible?
My daughter is 42 pounds and 42 inches...will she fit in this?
What is good age group.Is 1 yr. old too young?
what is the age appropriate for this toy?
Is this mostly an "inside toy" or an "outside toy"?
What ride on toy would anyone recommend getting instead of this one?
My 2 year old daughter just hates sand, so thought of using both sides as a pool. Would it work for that? I like that it has a cover.
Is there a drain to empty the water out?
does it come with sand or do you need to buy it seperatly?
what is the age range?
what are dimensions of this item
does anyone know if I can get a replacement slide for this climber ? Thank-you for your time and consideration.
what is the height once assembled?
Does anyone know where to get a replacement telescope or one from another company that we could jerry-rig?
I'm planning to purchase this off Craigslist &amp; it's currently assembled. Anyone have tips as to how to disassemble so it fits into the back of an SUV?
What is the length of the slide on this?
Has anyone made any adjustments to this, or its parts, to make it more stable? Ours is very unsteady at the top. Thanks.
what is age and weight limit
Does the 102" in length include the slide once fully assembled? I'm considering getting this for an indoor space and need to know exact measurements.
does anyone know if I can get a replacement slide for this climber ? Thank-you for your time and consideration.
Does this Loteria have "El Negrito"? Some characters might be offensive for students in the classroom. Thoughts?
If I buy this set of 20 tablets, could I split it in two to give out as party favors?
What are the dimensions of the boards (I'm really looking for the dimensions of the individual images on the boards)?
What is the size of the individual cards?
If i bought two would they be different? like are they printed the same or completely randomized
Is this the original set? Is the picture what the actual game looks like?
Are the 20 tablets all different? Are they just two of the same sets of 10?
How many people can play simultaneously? I'm looking for a loteria set where 100 students can play at the same time. Where can I find this?
Does this version have the Tequila bottle or Ketchup image for the Botella?
Some reviewers say they play with child and they learn spanish. How old? How did you explain what a "Borracho" is to a 5 year old?
Just wondering whether it's possible to get a pack sent to New Zealand?
Does the pack include spades and clubs or only hearts and diamonds?
Does this deck include jokers?
Are they marked?
does this box have the UPC card reveal?
i received a deck of 56 cards (12 piece [ace-king] of each suit + 2 jokers + ellusionists card + queen of hearts in 1800s BLUE) is that normal?
are the cards coated in plastic
how big are these?
are the planets just paper or cardbaord, would they look OK added to a Xmas tree for a space theme ?
I want to get these to hang over tables in my classroom. Are they colored on both sides? Are they scaled or all the same size? Thanks!
the product says $6.72/1 count.... Can you please tell me how many are in the 1 count? Is 1 count = 1 pkg = 10pcs?
Can we use ordinary embroidery floss like cross stitch floss to make the bracelets if we run out? Are they wash friendly, won't the colors bleed?
does this make good gift for girls age 13?
is it E-Z to make bracelets with this kit?
can this lighter be personalized
Can this be filled with butane as oppose to the standard lighter fluid?
What fluid is better for lighting pipes butane or regular lighter fluid?
Which zippo fuel does this take? Butane or normal zippo lighter fluid?
Is it filled or unfilled? Thanks.
Does it in a zippo box?
Is it made in the USA
Is it made in USA?
Confusion on BLOCKUS instructions... This is confusing to me - can someone help with this?
What is the recommended age minimum for this game?
Our game at school is missing two pieces, Can I buy just pieces?
Is this is a listing for the larger 13 x 13 game?
Is this the 13 x 13 game? I do not the new but smaller one. Thanks!
Is this the 13" by 13"? I tried ordering the game but I was sent the 10" by 10". I want the larger the board.
Is this Blokus on the older 13" board or the newer 10"?
How do you play this game?
Can you play with three players?
how long
How long are the ropes? Need to hang it from a pretty high beam.
is there a weight limit?
Can it be hung from a tree
Can you attach this into brick on a porch? We don't have a tree big enough :/
Does the seat get hot during summer months? We currently have the red Fisher Price swing and it DOES NOT get hot in our South Florida summers:)
are the straps adjustable or fixed?
what is the weight limit for this swing. my granddaughter has cerebal palsey and cannot sit up by herself, she weighs about 40 lbs.
Does this come with swing hangers to attach it with?
what color besides pink?
Has the defect in the restraint system been corrected?
How about some useful information? I have 1/4 inch NPT fitting. Will this fit that?
Is it the genuine Iwata-Medea Quick Disconnect Set or just a aftermarket quick disconnect?
What standard is the 1/8" fitting on the quick release adapter (airbrush hose end)? The threads are flat, which indicates NPT?
Will this work on an original HP-C from twenty years ago?
Can this work on the neo iwata airbrush?
Can you get extra female attachments to more airbrushes, have several brushes and that would be convenient.
Is this set include the air hose?
Will this fit other brands of airbrushes (e.g., Paasche)?
Will this work with the stock hose from a TC 20 compressor kit to a iwata eclipse air brush?
what size is it?
Does it come with battery's?
Does light up both colors
how long is the actual screwdriver?
Does it come with UV pen and light as the Tenth Doctor's sonic?
What is it made out of? Metal or plastic?
Why my screwdriver doesnt make sounds??
can this really pick a lock?
Does this come with the red and blue settings?
I this the "re-release" one? That is, does it have the red AND blue setting, and the green lights inside?
i am 10 years old should i get this or the 11th doctors screwdriver? please help
So it doesn't come with the pictured king/queen/princesses, etc.?
What is the age range for this dollhouse? Thinking of getting it for a six year old.
Is this dollhouse too minimal for a 9 year old?
How tall are the two dolls?
4 year old too old?
How much does it weigh?
Other dolls that fit well: Can anyone suggest other doll brands that fit well in this house?
Has anyone used this house for playing with Lalaloopsy mini dolls? I'm hoping they'll fit!
What are the dimensions when it is folded up? Id like to bring this to my twin grandchildren for family play.
Would Calico Critters fit well in this dollhouse? Thanks!
Some say it has a removable floor board, and others say it does not. Which one is correct?
does car have pedals
My daughter weighs 33 lbs and is 41 inches tall. She's begging for one of these but I'm worried that she'll be too big for it. Thoughts?
Does this one have an ignition switch and a open close gas cap?
Weight limit?
Is there cup/bottle holders like the red version?
does it play music
what is the difference between the Little Tikes Princess Cozy Coupe-30th Anniversary and the Little Tikes Princess Cozy Coupe Ride on?
Does it have a seat belt? If not, can I add one?
good afternoon, i need to know if the car comes in box disassembly and what is your dimension approximately calculating the cost of shipping to venezu
what are the measurement of this?
can a 5 year old play in this?
my daughter just turned 4. i love the look of this thing. do you think she would get 3 years out of it til 7 or 8 maybe?
how many 4yr olds will fit?
I want to put it Outdoors, whether the sun and rain will damage to the house ?
Can this box fit in a mini van for transportation?
Does it come with the chair?
How big is the box or the parts if taken out of the box to get it home from the store?
When used as an outdoor playhouse, does rainwater drain easily through the floor so it doesn't collect in the house?
is it for 6 year olds
lka measures hence the product box to calculate the shipping to my country
I live in a windy area, and was wondering if there is anything that can be done to prevent the playhouse from blowing away?
is it big enough for a 4 yr old and 3 yr old?
Is this playhouse easy to disassemble and reassemble?
whats the age range of these playground?
Are screws included
does the phone that is shown in the advertisements come with the house
Are the colors as pictured? Other stores show this having a dark red roof, so I wondered. I want to order a slide to match colors.
Can you do water in both sides? The reviews have me a bit confused about leaks, drain, and plugs.
How much San to fill sand table side
How secure is the lid? We have neighborhood cats around that will surely use this as a litter box if they can get to it.
Hi, Does anyone have the extended diameter dimension on the umbrella? I see that it is approx 4' tall, however don't see the diameter. Thanks
what size cars fit well on the tracks?
do we need an electric drill to put the table legs on?
How do you store your Sand and Water Center? We live in WI. Would we be able to leave it outside in the winter?
Is there a place to put the umbrella when the lid is on?
Does the sand side have a plug if you want to put water in both sides?
Can you put a flat top on this to use as a table
Does the windshield roll up?
Does the rear panel on the cover have a zipper down the middle for easy club access?
Do you have a cover without the front cover I have an old one that doesn't have it and I like that feature
I have 2013 club car precedent that has lift kit and big wheels...does anyone know if the bottom straps will strecth to fit??
will this fit 2009 club car president
What size roof does this fit?
will it fit an EZ-GO RXV 2009?
/will it fir a 2014 e-z go
How well does the cover fit on a pre 2000 Club Car?
Hi.Can u mach it to the serial number to make sure it's a 100% fit ?
Does it fits a club car DS? Its not a prededent!
Does this fit a pre 2000 club car?
Have a 1994 Club Car Precedent. Does this cover go over the roof. I need one that hangs below the roof.
how well does it fit a Yamaha?
Does it cover your clubs
Does it fit precedent golf cart?
Picture shows zipper on outside if seated inside how do you close it in the rain?
does this fit Yahama golf carts?
What guage of plastic is used?
Does it run on a battery
is it good in battle
does it have a lot of stamina???????
does this bey come with a launcher
is this beyblade great
How long will it last?
Are the inside of the elephant's ears "pink"
Is it 12" high in sitting position (bottom to head)? OR 12" when legs down (foot to head)?
does it have beans in it? Is it machine washable?
Is it microwavable? Is it an aromatherapy stuffed animal?
Does this elephant have stitched eyes or plastic ones that can be pulled off?
Are is arms and legs floppy? Looking for a rag doll effect...not permananly sitting
Does this elephant have sewn on eyes or are they attached hard eyes?
Would thus be ok for a baby as in 6 month up ? How much fur does this little stuffed toy shed and for how long or is it always do this
are the eyes beads and how often or how much fuz comes from this little guy
Is this doll able to be submerged in a bathtub?
is this doll scented?
Are there 4 different dolls?
Does this item include one of each baby for $12.95?
anyone knows the size of the tray? i want to check if it can fit into the play oven.
How small is the smallest piece? I mean, does it have anything that might be a chocking hazzard? I dont want to take any chances with less than 3yo.
Can't figure out...what is the red piece (like a cherry) with suction cup?
Does the egg actually fit inside the closed eggshell?
Is it printed double-sided ?
maybe I didn't read the description carefully, but how many sheets of paper? Just six?
how many sheets of paper in this set
I need a durable, cuddly baby for my Alzheimer mom who wants a baby to carry and cuddle. Would this work for an adult to hold and carry and love?
how can i make sure I get a doll that is smiling? please help!
The doll in the picture, with the big open smile, will the pacifier go in the mouth? and stay in?
What color eyes does this baby doll have? Looking for a blue eyes.
what size clothes it wear
Are the lot's to cuddle dolls weighted like the La Baby play doll is?
Do the eyes open and close?
Is this doll machine washable?
is this doll have only sitting future, or it can lay dow?
I'd be using this for a prenatal breastfeeding class I teach. I'll ditch the bottle. Does this baby lay flat so it's not always sitting?
how big is this dragon?
What material is this made of
How large is it?
is this only for toys or can this be used as a gearbox for a electric generator?
is there a recommended battery ?
What are the rpms in each gear ratio ???
What is the mac Voltage for the motors?
it does include the motors?
will it work in the tamiya 1/35 m41 walker bulldog/ other tamiya 1/35 model kits?
Does this need a motor controller as well? Or can an Arduino control it directly?
can you use a 9 volt battery with these?
Which wheels are compatible with this gearbox? Would i need to use glue to connect them?
What is the max current draw by the motors?
Can a 3 yr old manuver this or is that too young?
What is the range distance for the remote control?
dose it go in water because my sons friend has one and we took it in the water?
I would like this one in orange like the picture
Is it possible to pick the color? I want the orange...
WHAT SIZE IS THIS?
i am ordering these for my twin grandsons. Would like one red &amp; one green or orange.
The car needs battery?
I specially want the Orange color, is it available?
i specifically need an orange car is that in stock
it says colors vary, how do you know what color you are getting?
Is there any way to change the frequency on the cars?
Is this wireless?
Does anyone know how long the batteries will last on this car?
How fast can this thing go?
Hello. I want to buy this toy. I want to clarify these batteries are suitable for this toy? 4 Pack AA with Charger
how large is the control radius?
What is the size of the car?
Do the arms/legs move? Is the dress cloth or plastic? Hard to tell from picture.
Can this fairy stand on it's own?
What is the size of this fairy?
How tall is the fairy ?.
How tall is the fairy ...?
How big it is?
what age group is it for?
how big is truck?
how big is it?
Does the truck have the words "Dump Truck" printed on it anywhere? My 3yo loves that his Green Toys School Bus says "School Bus" in several places.
Have these wheels been tested driving on dry and uncompacted sand?
Could this be a good truck to play with in the sand?
Have the wheels on the Green Toys Dump Truck improved so that they turn on hardwood floors now as well as on carpet?
Do the six slots on the outside feed into six different bins on the inside, or is the inside one big compartment?
Does the truck have the word "Recycling" printed on it anywhere? My 3yo loves that his Green Toys School Bus says "School Bus" in several places.
How big is it?
Basically what I mean is that the seam that runs under the part that tilts back is seperated a bit. Is this normal?
The truck I purchased seems like the seam below the part that lifts up is broken. does your truck have the same? The plastic is a bit sharp unfer yhet
Is is made with old detergent bottles too? This thing REEEKS of insence or something, cant get the smell out
How many days of shipping would it take to arrive on Nov. 29th? I am buying it for my nephew and his birthday is that date.
where is this toy made?
what about breakage ?
size for 9 year old
Does this bat have the curved in feature on the end cap?
did anyone get a 30 inch bat if so how much weight?
how thick is the barrel
What size do I get for a 5 year old boy?
how much does the bat weigh
Little League has some strict rules about the diameter of bats that can be used in games, is this bat OK to use in Little League?
Is this bat ash or maple? Part of the description talks about ash (at top of screen with price/size) and the full description says maple.
how wide is the barrel
what about breakage ?
size for 9 year old
Does this bat have the curved in feature on the end cap?
did anyone get a 30 inch bat if so how much weight?
how thick is the barrel
What size do I get for a 5 year old boy?
how much does the bat weigh
Little League has some strict rules about the diameter of bats that can be used in games, is this bat OK to use in Little League?
Is this bat ash or maple? Part of the description talks about ash (at top of screen with price/size) and the full description says maple.
how wide is the barrel
what about breakage ?
size for 9 year old
Does this bat have the curved in feature on the end cap?
did anyone get a 30 inch bat if so how much weight?
how thick is the barrel
What size do I get for a 5 year old boy?
how much does the bat weigh
Little League has some strict rules about the diameter of bats that can be used in games, is this bat OK to use in Little League?
Is this bat ash or maple? Part of the description talks about ash (at top of screen with price/size) and the full description says maple.
how wide is the barrel
what about breakage ?
size for 9 year old
Does this bat have the curved in feature on the end cap?
did anyone get a 30 inch bat if so how much weight?
how thick is the barrel
What size do I get for a 5 year old boy?
how much does the bat weigh
Little League has some strict rules about the diameter of bats that can be used in games, is this bat OK to use in Little League?
Is this bat ash or maple? Part of the description talks about ash (at top of screen with price/size) and the full description says maple.
how wide is the barrel
what about breakage ?
size for 9 year old
Does this bat have the curved in feature on the end cap?
did anyone get a 30 inch bat if so how much weight?
how thick is the barrel
What size do I get for a 5 year old boy?
how much does the bat weigh
Little League has some strict rules about the diameter of bats that can be used in games, is this bat OK to use in Little League?
Is this bat ash or maple? Part of the description talks about ash (at top of screen with price/size) and the full description says maple.
how wide is the barrel
what about breakage ?
size for 9 year old
Does this bat have the curved in feature on the end cap?
did anyone get a 30 inch bat if so how much weight?
how thick is the barrel
What size do I get for a 5 year old boy?
how much does the bat weigh
Little League has some strict rules about the diameter of bats that can be used in games, is this bat OK to use in Little League?
Is this bat ash or maple? Part of the description talks about ash (at top of screen with price/size) and the full description says maple.
how wide is the barrel
what about breakage ?
size for 9 year old
Does this bat have the curved in feature on the end cap?
did anyone get a 30 inch bat if so how much weight?
how thick is the barrel
What size do I get for a 5 year old boy?
how much does the bat weigh
Little League has some strict rules about the diameter of bats that can be used in games, is this bat OK to use in Little League?
Is this bat ash or maple? Part of the description talks about ash (at top of screen with price/size) and the full description says maple.
how wide is the barrel
Putting together a Aquabug collection. Will the Hexbug Crab function in water?
Odd question, but can you activate these any other way besides clapping? I am looking for a gift for a child with no arms. He uses his feet for everything, but wouldn't be able to clap loudly.
Is there any chance if i place an order for a red one that would be possible or not?
Can they go on carpets
What size is it?
If I buy three - can I get three different colours? Any way to state preferences? Thnx!
What age is recommended for the crab hexbug?
what kind of battery does it take?
does it come with batteries
is it easy to clean up
Is it good for 16 months old baby?
how much is in each container? about the size of aan adult to fit in a palm?
Does anyone know how to soften this play dough after it got a little hard after a few weeks of use?
How many colors is in one set?
Does it smell weird? I hate the way play-doh smells and dont buy it because of that
Anybody have any tips for reviving slightly dried out eco dough?
can you get extra speed stack cups
Why did this come in a used ziplock bag and not a box? As a present we now have to find a suitable box.
does this come with instructions?
What is the minimum age for this game? Is 8 too young?
are these the mini size or the big size?
Is the key chain included? The one on the release stem.
Is there a clock/timer included?
Are these the mini cups or the full size?
Is the stick in this picture the timer? I am not familiar with this product but am interested in getting it.
Does the pink only come with the cups and the DVD or does it have the holder also?
Does a training video come with the speed stack sets?
are these the regular size cups, and not the mini's?
Do you need the stack mat, snap tops or other accessories? I'm trying to figure out the minimum that you need .
Where are the Sport Stacking Cups made? I wish where made would be included in description.
What do you do to keep cups from sticking?
Length of board?
Do you think a set of dominoes would fit inside instead of cards?
What material are pegs made from?
Age appropriate for two yr old
What is the recommmended age for this toy?
Does this work with Schleich farm animals?
Would the fisher price farm animals fit?
Have they fixed the hinge/quality issue?
Does this model also have the barn-fresh smell?
How tall are the animals for this barn?
Has anyone compared this "mini" Melissa &amp; Doug barn with the larger Melissa &amp; Doug Fold &amp; Go Barn also sold on Amazon?
Does the barn open up?
How tall is the fence?
Are they steel or all plastic? I dont want them to float in a wishing well!!
Are they steel or all plastic? I dont want them to float in a wishing well!!
What is the diameter of the coins?
can they float???
What is the diameter of a coin?
For a standard size tub, which is better 2 or 3 packs?
Are they machine washable?
Are these tub tattoos raised or flat?
Anyone know if these are mold/mildew resistant or had any issues with these getting mold or mildew?
Are they easily removed from the bath tub without leaving a residual?
Does it work well on sand?
I received a different brand wagon than the one listed (my order was processed by Kotula's). Anyone else have this problem?
Including non-shield?
Does this wagon come with the canopy and extra basket?
I just got this in the mail and the smell is an unbearable gasoline smell. It ruined th pillow I threw in there. Has any one experienced this horrible smell and how do you get rid of it, if at all?
Can this wagon be pushed instead of pulled?
Does it have safety belts for kids?
how many kids can set inside it
Has anybody had trouble with the material ripping? How durable is the fabric?
i am looking for one of the metal rods that hold up the canopy . where can i get one
Does it work well on sand?
I received a different brand wagon than the one listed (my order was processed by Kotula's). Anyone else have this problem?
Including non-shield?
Does this wagon come with the canopy and extra basket?
I just got this in the mail and the smell is an unbearable gasoline smell. It ruined th pillow I threw in there. Has any one experienced this horrible smell and how do you get rid of it, if at all?
Can this wagon be pushed instead of pulled?
Does it have safety belts for kids?
how many kids can set inside it
Has anybody had trouble with the material ripping? How durable is the fabric?
i am looking for one of the metal rods that hold up the canopy . where can i get one
Is there corn or gluten in your sand? We have allergies.
hi does it come in bags or containers?
how big are these?
is this like the kinetic sand?
About how many bottles will this sand fill? I need enough for about 65 bottles.
Sand
Does this sand say it is non-toxic? Is it made in the USA or China?
One more question - this is for a Deaf child.. is it only sound? Or the games and stuff can be done without sound?
Alright.. so what color does it come in? I'm buying this for a little boy and I saw reviews saying it was bright pink...
Does the Bilingual Advanced Learning Children Laptop have a plug in for headsets? We want to use it on the plane if it has headset capability.
is this available in french
bilingual: Hello, i would like to know if the computer language is in spanish too?
What is the weight limit on the slide and bounce house?
What is the quality of the material? Is this commercial grade vinyl like in the kiddie play places?
Warranty?
Do the sprayers/guns shoot water (has trigger and turn) or just spray a steady mist?
How many gallons of water dose it take to fill it up?
What is the height of the slide? Is it steep or too small for a 3 - 5 year old?
Is this recommended to use with or without water?
Is it possible to take ii out of the box and put into a big luggage to facilitate the transport?
What re the dimensions of the bounce part?
How strong is the blower (amp)?
how many balls are adequate for the ball pit?
How big is the ball pit area?
i am from venezuela I would like to know the dimensions of the package and its weight, so I can calculate the shipment costs.
Can you provide blower with 220 or 240 volts instead of 110-120v ....Thanks
what are the measurements of the box it comes in?
What is the footprint of this thing? I'm thinking of putting it inside the house, but would like to know approx. how much floor space it takes up.
what is the age recommendation
Our climber was pre-owned and came in pieces. Help! We cannot figure out how to attach the slide &amp; steps!
Are the colors as pictured (teal slide, orange ladder, green flooring) or do they vary?
Can this product be used outdoors?
Is it possible to leave the slide off?
how big is the box that it comes in? cause I am planning in traveling overseas with it. thanks
Is this item heavy or on the lighter side? When it's all put together, would one adult be able to move it around the yard?
what assembly is required? what tool do you need
Is there a trick to getting the legs in?
Does this fit flat against a wall, or does it need to go in a corner?
A reviewer stated that the dishes do not fit in the microwave, cupboard, etc. Can anyone else verify that? Thanks!
What tools are needed for assembly and what size batteries for the stove sound?
Do you think this too big/advanced for a 1 year old?
Would this kitchen work for a firve year old?
Is this an upgraded version? I see one for $58.00 on walmart.com- Huge price difference
Can food be fit into the oven?
what is the shipping size of the box?
What are the colors? Is that beige, tan or pinkish in the picture?
american girl
will this bed work for an 18in American girl doll?
american girl
is it plastic?
It looks like the trundle is blocked by the ladder, can you pull out the trundle enough to put dolls on there easily or does the ladder block it?
Do american girl dolls fit in it
How much is involved in assembling this bed? What tools did you need? Included?
hi there, will this bunk bed fit a 20-inch doll? many thanks
if i buy will i have to build it
can it fit a american girl doll
Is it made of plastic or cardboard? Or something else?
size? does anyone know what size this action figue is?
Is this truly the Old Version (before 2013) with the Darker Brown edges? I ask because the 2013 version is very light brown and less desirable to me.
Can you take him off the stand?
do his eyes light up?
What this means Only 1 left in box?
For what is this Plastic box?
what battery is needed?
Do you have to build him once you get it?
What is the different between Amazon.co.jp box version and 2013 version?
Does it sound better with steel strings?
does it come with a case?
Is it guitar strap ready?
guitar sizes: What size is recommended for a smallish 7 year old?
Is the action high on this guitar? In another words, is the string placed way too high above the fret board? :) Thank you so much!
Are the strings steel or nylon?
I am a 67 year old woman. i like the 1/2 size because i have short arms and fingers. concerned about what it sounds like
What are the ages for this ?
Does this puzzle take batteries? If so, what kind?
Is this product made in China?
What puzzle pieces are behind the doors?
Can it be placed on wall?
what is the age group for this product?
what is it made out of
Hello, is it possible to deliver in France? Cordially
Is this a wooden puzzle. I always think of Melissa and Doug as wooden products, but someone mentioned cardboard in their review.
Can you get replacement animals?
WHICH IS THE MATTERIAL OF THE DOLL?
I am buying the Fisher-Price Brilliant Basics Stroll Along Walker. Does anyone know if Baby Stella fits in this stroller?
Is this doll machine washable?
What are the pellets made of that Baby Stella is stuffed with? The tag should say on the doll. Thank you so much!
what is doll's size?
Does this doll come in a box?
Is the pacifier removable?
Where is she made? What age group is appropriate?
which age is appropriate
Does the pacifier come out of the mouth?
Is rc
What does this come with?
Is the Norscot Cat 336D L remote control?
is it rc
is it rc
will it fit on my table it is 2.5 inches thick
Does anybody know what doll that is in the picture?
Does it adjust to fit different table sizes?
What size table apron will this chair fit over?
is this gun light enough for a six year old to hold
How long is the stock compressed and fully extended?
darts
Are there replacement tires for this model?
Does it come eith batteries? What kind?
How fast does it go?
I purchased 2 of these vehicles. They work seperately, won't they?
What is the weight of individual Beadlock Wheel?
Are these 17mm and if not where can i get a set of 17mm beadlocks?
Do they supply the screws
are these plastic or aluminum or metal?
how do like the bead locks
Can these trains pull more cars if I expand?
What country is it made in?
Can I buy this train for toddlers?
can the additional cars be any bachmann car or do they need a specific coupler?
What item number is the power pack/speed controller? looking for 44212?
can i connect this train set with another bachmann train set and run two engines at the same time
If I want to add track to make it a figure eight, how many additional pieces of straigth and curve will I need along with a cross track?
I am thinking of getting this for my Christmas village. How would this size train fit with the Dept 56 and Lemax Christmas village house?
How much track can I add to this set?
what are the accessories to the set?, ie buildings
is it anti-bend? I meant is it easy to bend
If I buy 12, can you waive the shipping?
does this deck include jokers?
Are these cards Standard Index or Jumbo Index ?
Which version would I be buying. Reviews indicate "deceptive advertising" and version sent is a worse version than the one pictured.
Does anyone know the year of the actual version that is being sold here? And does it actually come with a buzzer, or with the "squeaker"?
Do you have the spanish version od this board game? I'm from Costa Rica
The picture shows that the game is for Adult. But in the description, it says 13 and up. I see they have 2 different kinds. Which one is this?
is this the bible version?
what is the age limit on this game
Is this the original version, because if i purchase and is not i will definitely send back
will this work on the redcat racing sandstorm?
What is the weight of individual Beadlock Wheel?
This serves to rubber rin ripsaw?
This serves to rubber rin ripsaw..?
Which of the Images shows the edition you are selling?
can one person play it?
is this the second edition with the backlight? How do they differ other than style?
What are the categories?
Is this game appropriate for 10-11 year old children? I see it's for 18 and up...so wondering about that.
The inked lettering on my tiles has rubbed off. I need to get a new set of travel scrabble tiles. Please Advise.
How big is the board?
travel scrabble boards: Would anyone know someone who could sell in bulk at a good price
Is this the old version or the newer version? The last time I purchased the Travel Scrabble, it had this image but I received another kind.
Is this game good for airplane rides?
Can one person play it or do you have to go on line and get a partner?
what is the weight of it?
can the board be detached from the case?
Was they truly biodegradable confetti? I am use many of them at a function and they made it mandatory or we will be responsible for every single spec
are they soft enough to crack on someone's head (that is the purpose these were used for in my day)?
how many oz of confetti are in each egg? or how many oz total for 1doz eggs?
is this the actual game? cause I bought the dodge city expansion but it didn't come with enough cards to play a game with.
which one is the original and which ones are the expansion packs?
What's the difference between this game and the one that comes in the bullet shaped box?
Does this version have Italian and English?
What edition of the game is this?
Obviously, the more players, the better, but what's the minimum number of people that can play the game?
If I buy bang and citadels (total 35.00above) , could I have free shipping?
does it have sound
does this version have the UV pen and UV light?
There are two versions of this: Only one has light up green area under top panel and can switch colors from red to blue. WHich do you sell?
does it light in blue AND red?
Does it only have a single string, or is it a 'two hander' which can be steered?
Does it come with the string?
how long is the longest peice of this kite? can you fit it in a suitcase?
Steel string or nylon strings?
Could you let me know the total length of the guitar as I urgently need a bag as well.
What material is the guitar made out of?
steel strings
Would this guitar be too large for a 6 year old girl?
Would 2 kids fit in here? Grandsons are 2&amp;5, one is 40 lbs and the other 61 lbs.?
Does it drive well on grass?
How do you get replacement wheels and other parts for the car?
where is the horn
How long does it take to charge the battery for the first time?
it says a battery and charger is included correct? so why does it say frequently bought together a battery and charger??
Does this car have a reverse setting?
does it has remote control ???
I want to by this car, but I need to know how does it came packaged.
I'm ordering custom decals for this car to match my car. What is the length of the side of car, hood (L&amp;W), scoop (L&amp;W), license plate area? Thanks.
Would this fit on my Slash 2wd?
Would this motor work in a E-Maxx?
Is there any way I could get this to fit my Slash 2wd 1/10 scale?
Can these be put into a barbie powerwheels? If so, any recommendations on updating the gear box as well?
willit fit in a ecx tormrt 1/10 2wheel drive
Will this motor fit in my duratrax evader???
Will these fix on my emaxx to replace my twin titan 550s
How fast will it go on my e revo 1 10
how fast will this go if i put it in my slash 2wd?
will this fit a rustler non brushless?
will the tires work on a traxxas telluride 4x4
Will tires fit on erevo brushless
are these sold in pairs or a full set of four?
will these fit on a Traxxas Rustler and also do you have a new battery pack? it is a gift and not sure what to buy
will the tires work on a stampede 2wd
Which are the dimensions of the Power Wheels already assembled?
How hard is it to put together or is there very little to do?
What age an height and weight?
The directions say to charge for 18 hrs. before first use, but no where does it say how long after that. How long after each use? thanks!
What does the 12v battery cost?
Does this come with a battery and charger?
Can this go at the 5mph speed without using the twist throttle?
What is the difference (besides price) between this Power Wheels and the Power Wheels Kawasaki KFX, Chrome Accents?
can two kids ride? total weight about 80lbs.
Can someone tell me the part number of the battery charger for this item? I lost mine, have ordered one that doesn't work! please help!
Why are these play balls so expensive?
I see it says it complies within the legal limits but does this mean there IS a trace amount of lead in these?
Do these ball need sanitized first? If so, what is the easiest way to sanitize them?
Did they come in the mesh zipper bag pictured?
I am currently looking for ball pit balls to purchase and another brand said theirs were bpa free as well. Are these bpa free?
Can you sell me 1,200 blue ball &amp; 20 violet?
I was curious about how many sets I'd have to purchase to fill a small blow up pool?
Are these made in America? If not, where?
Are these balls also BPA Free?
Is it possible to buy just the mesh case? I ordered these already and love them, but forgot to order the ones with the bag the first time.
Why does this say its not for use with 2 line kites? Have you tried it? How did / does it do? Thanks.
Why does this say the line is not designed for two line stunt kites?
Can you give me an estimated diameter of this string? Is it round or flat?
how long is the cable connecting the buzzers to the main system?
I need an easy way to determine who "rings in" first for a trivia game. Do all the eggs light up - or just the egg of the player who is quickest?
Is the adapter (comes seperate) preferal to operate the device OR the batteries works fine?
Are the eggs wires (6 of them) are replaceable with longer ones? or they fixed?
How durable are they? Do they break easily if hit too hard in the excitement of the game?
Is there a random mode? For example, if I just want a random person to answer...it will light up one student? Also, can you make these wireless?
When using batteries, how long can you play before the batteries run out?
What's the output votage of the adapter for Eggspert?
Does it have an ac adapter?
How many people are required to play?
In the 12 player version, can you still play with as little as 4 people?
Is this supposed to come with 8 booklets with 8 pages each or is one of those booklets supposed to only have 6 pages?
The markers are dry after one use...do you have some to sell that are of better quality?
What dimensions is the drawing area of the sketch page?
Do think this game is suitable for an 8 year old?
What is the minimum number of players for this game? Can it be played with 3 players?
is this an adult game?
I purchased the 12 player version at Christmas time and would like another one. Do you still carry the 12 player version? If so where do I find it?
What's the difference between the $25.00 and the $49.00 game?
Is the cover made of something that can be painted or drawn on, like unfinished paper or cotton?
Do the pages stay in or do they gradually fall out with use?
Can you write on and illustrate the front cover?
If I want to buy more than one, do you combine shipping?
I am just cruious, but is this paper glossy or is it more like normal paper? thank you :)
Can the cover be printed on by an office supply store?
I need 26. I read in another question that you do combine shipping. What would the shipping be for an order of 26 books?
how many pages are in one of these books
do you have 40 to ship today
can it have more pages?
can I scrapbook on it?
Are the pages lined or unlined?
can you type in the book? if so how would it be done?
Are the inside pages bleed-proof?
Is it 7 pages front and back or 14 pages front and back?
how many pages are in the book? ty
is this the regular size book ?
Is it possible to bend the book back on itself so that only 1 page shows at a time? Using this for med school notes and need desk space for my laptop.
can you draw on the cover
What does the accessory set include?
hi!!! im interested for product shipping box dimensions please
Can this be used as an outdoor toy?
Does anyone know how to get an extra stool , it only comes with one. two kids can easily fit there. plus the kids have been asking for another stool
How tall is the arch?
Are the buttons real on this or are they just stickers?
what are the dimensinos
Can you press the microwave buttons and do they have sound, or are they just stickers?
How many balls will it hold?
Tunnel come with? So does it come with the tunnel, or is that separate?
Does this tent have flame retardants?
Is this strictly for balls or can they jump in it too ?
Can it be used without the balls, just as a little "fort"?
Are the seams sturdy? I've seen reviews of others where the seams split with the first use.
Has anyone else had issues with this toy collapsing when children are playing inside it?
What is the dimension when unassembled?
What is the weight of the whole package for delivery purpose ?
will this connect to a tunnel?
How do I order the tunnel with the two tents
DO YOU SHIP TO URUGUAY?? ARGENTINA???
Does it have flame retardants on it?
I saw this as a foldable outdoor play tent are there stakes you can use that you supply?
how to clean them?
Does the bottom detach for cleaning? I am seeing a lot of crumbs happening in there...
Does the tunnel in this set fit the Hexagon Twist Play Tent Generation II?
How do you attach the tunnel to the tent? I did not receive any instructions, and the velcro doesn't line up.
What is the size when it's all set up? I want to make sure it fits in my son's room.
Just received this purchase. there are no instructions on how to attach the two tents to the tunnel. how do you attach the tents to the tunnel, pls?
How many kids can play in this at one time
Does this come with anything to keep it stable or anchored? Want to use it on the grassy area of our backyard. Thanks!
Does the visible part has holes to allow for air? Is this appropiate for toddlers to play outside on a hot day?
What is the total length when all three pieces are attached together?
I just received this 2 tent w/ tunnel set, but a little confused on how to attach the tunnel to the tent.
Do the openings zip or Velcro closed, or does the flap just hang down?
I want to buy balls and use the tent as a ball pit. Is the lip on the opening high enough to hold the balls in, or will the balls spill out?
is this pvc free and also free of fire retardents?
Wasn't this doll like $60 a few weeks ago?! I'm not paying $100+ I'd rather go without. Not everything has to be a rip-off!
do u ship to sweden, i cant get thrue when ordering ?
Do you ship to Mexico?
Is it in the box? I've found others on other websites new in the box.
Do you ship to Tasmania?
do you ship world wide
what is the size availble
What is this made out of?
How long is the coat measuring from edge of shoulder down to hem? Thanks.
What size are the crochet hooks?
What size crochet hooks are in this kit?
how big is the handbag?
will it break easliy?
Good for Cabbage Patch Kids?
Would this workforce my 9 year old? She still loves her babies and needs a stroller big enough
How many dolls can fit in it?
Age recommendation?
Will it hold an American Girl doll?
what is the package measures? height, length, width?
What is the measurement from the floor to the handle? Looking to see if it will be tall enough from my 7 year old to push.
do you have to assemble?
is the handle adjustable?
What age is this Callou suitable for?
What is this doll made of? Is it plastic limbs &amp; head on a cloth body?
Does this caillou talk
Does he have movable legs and arms?
the description says it weighs almost 8 lbs. Our 4 yr. old is very petite - is this too heavy to hold on her lap??
Can two kids paint simultaneous during a play date? Is the blue side ( magnetic and felt side ok for painting? of it it not advisable?
Sounds like it needs a board to keep it open. Please tell me exact length needed so we can send board to granddaughter. Amazon is shipping easel.
We bought one easel and there are no accessories like pencils etc is it like this
do you supply eith the easel pencils and other accessories
does it have magnetic side
It it felt board on the other side? I see mixed information...
will it hold paper to draw on or paint?
Do these fish float if placed in water?
Why does it have a crown?
Can the fishing rod be used to "catch" fish that I make that have magnets in them? I want to make fish with each letter of the alphabet.
Does anyone know if these poles work with other magnetic fishing sets?
Does everything including the fishing pole fit into the tackle box?
Does the rod reel turn?
Can these fish be placed in water? If so, do they float?
Can the fish go in water?
What age is this toy for?
How do you clean it so that it doesn't stick all together...it gets clumpy
Is this for 1 or for multiples? The National Autism Resources website sells a single for $5 or 3 for $12.99
Does the Squigglet have an odor?
What colors are available at this time? Is it possible to choose the color?
Can i get all of the colors, i would like one of each color
I was under the impression the listing was for 4 Squigglets, but my order arrived yesterday and there was only 1.
Can I select the color?
Are the numbers on tiles embossed (engraved into the tile) or just painted on?
what size are the tiles?
How large are the individual tiles? My mom can read e-mails with a bold font of 24 - would this be comprable?
can I purchase a case
Does anyone know where to get a Rummycube set that has the 4 suits (hearts, clubs etc) and face cards (Jack, Queen, King, Ace) instead of numbers?
what is this game played?
are there instructions included
how fast do it go
How fast does it go
Is it possible to open the door, hood or trunk ?
is this car runned on batteries or charged
how fast are they?
Will the RC car drive ok on carpet surfaces?
is it battery or do you charge it ?
How fast does it go
how fasy do it gooo very inportent for y nepheiw who wants it sooo bad
I need to make a 13-1/2' circle. Are any connectors available to add multiple lengths together? Would this flex that much?
I would also like to know how flexible the rods are. Could one, for example, bring the ends together to form a circle?
What is the exterior diameter of this solid rod please ??? - " 48" " - is not a diameter or a size for me??
will it bend if I put on a back of a trailer
How much does a 60 inch x 72 inch section weigh?
Dimensions: What are the dimensions of this product?
Can this material be painted or drawn upon with markers? I want to make kites with my class.
Is this material solid white as the image suggests? I'm considering purchasing 4 yards for a temporary projector screen.
What is the thickness of this material?
I want to use this as a ground cloth. Does it have any insulating qualities?
If using it as a ground sheet is there a waterproof side and a 'breathable' side like Gore-Tex and other Tyvek? If so, how do I tell which is which?
Does this offer any UV protection? (If used for a sun shade?)
HI there, Is it possible to order a piece that I could cut down to 90 X 76 inches?
Do you charge a shipping cost of $5.49 for every yard shipped? How much would the shipping cost be for four yards?
What colors do these come in?
I'm ordering for my son's skating party that is mostly boys. How many in each box are pink?
Do they come individually packaged?
Do these rings only flash or can you have them stay lit constantly?
Is the order $1.07 per ring or for a dozen rings? I just need to know how many to order. Thanks!
do they flash different colors or just one color?
Can I choose what colors I want? Do they come in the four colors in the picture? (Pink, Purple, Green, Blue)
Are these for kids or will they fit adults?
is the price $2.59 for a box of 12 rings?
do these fit adults?
Is the bend in the slide at 90 degrees? If not, what angle is it?
What is the deck height this slide can attach to?
What is the distance from where the slide bolts to the platform to the outside of the bottom of the slide?
could I install a ladder and then attach to an above ground pool with a deck.
Could it be installed on a bunk bed by attaching base to bed?
Can you attach an extension to this slide?
What is the difference between the green and yellow - other than the price? What is the over all height, width and length of the green slide We are wanting to use on a deck and pool
How wide is the slide at the top? For example, how big does the opening need to be in the play set to attach to the top of the slide?
Is it possible to mount this at a lower height? I want to use this on our deck so kids can slide into the play yard but the deck is only 39".
from the description it looks like the top of the slide can be mounted from 3' 6" high to 5' 6" high. Is this correct?
I notice the description says it's for ages 12 Mos but see 3+ on the package. Does that mean it's really for 3 years of age?
Where is this manufactured?
Good for a 5 year old?
Can this be mounted to the wall?
How long and wide is it?
How many songs in the songbook and is it a bound book or loose papers?
Can you attach the mallet to the instrument
Does anyone have the glockenspiel with the red frame? Wondering if this toddler one has as pleasing a sound. Is it clear and bell-like?
Does it have wheels?
what is the recommended age for this toy?
is this suitable for a 13 year old?
my 81/2 yr old daughter is starting a music program, taking guitar. She is left handed, will this work?
Can I get another set of nylon strings?
Does the guitar comes pre-strung?
Does this guitar have all nylon strings or 3 nylon and 3 metal??
whats the best way to tune this guitar? and do the cords match a standard guitar? I am having a hard time playing the notes I know on this one.
What is the difference between Classical and Acoustic guitars?
I have not seen this in the flesh (so to speak) so my question is ; is the neck adjustable? Action, so forth and etc.?
Is there a guitar stand for this particular sized guitar?
I broke the high e string tuning this guitar the first time for my son. What did I do wrong, and can I replace the string myself?
do we pick up?
Do you ship to New Zealand
what is that one card with the clubs and diamonds and the 6/9?
are they plastic like the prestige decks?
Are these brand new? How many left?
Do you ship to Singapore?
What do you mean "gaff" cards?
how do these handle (i practice cardistry and magic so my decks typically take a beating)
does it still ocme with the double backer and two extra ace of spades?
Can I take off the seats?
does a 'waterproof' cover come w/it? i saw one buyer's 'mesh' cover ripped? an easy-to-use 'waterproof' cover seems pretty essential in a sandbox to me
dimensions?
How many bags of sand does it take?
Has anyone found a place to purchase a replacement cover for this? The one that it comes with is flimsy and our's ripped after the first year. Kidkraft will only replace within 90 days - and will not sell one either. Boo!
Would this be 8 to 10 bags of 25lb or 50lb sand?
how much sand to fill this sandbox?
Do you know what kind of wood is used and if it is treated with anything? Worried about any toxic treatments that might be used.
what are the dimensions?
How much sand is needed to fill the KidKraft Backyard Sandbox
Are these marbles small enough for a marble run game?
how big are they
I am looking for an assortment of marbles for a ring that only holds 12mm or 1/2" marbles. Are these that size?
do you carry clear glass marbles (round not flat top) in 1/2 or 1/4"
How many marbles come in a pack?
I'm trying to make something and I want to use the marbles as weights. How much does each marble weigh?
which marbles did you purchase for your marble run game and is it one of the Queretti Marbel Run games?
I'm trying to make something and I want to use the marbles as weights. How much does each marble weight?
Do cool marbles come with it
Do these marbles work with marble mazes/towers?
Are the marbles good quality?
Does this come with a teachers guide and DVD or is it just the legos ?
How many pieces ??
How big of a storage box do you need for this set?
What is the recommended age for this simple machines set?
What are the demission of this item?
How does the paper roll attach to the easel? If so, is there a dowel that paper feeds from?
How is the white board? The last one I ordered left ghost shadowing when you erased.(staining)
Is the chalkboard surface usable? I find so many kids' chalkboard surfaces are made with a material which does not take to chalk.
is it magnetic on one side for letters with magnets?
Image says easel and paper roll bundle, but product desciption says that it is not incliuded. Which is it.
Is PAC man in this game?
does it have the original duck hunt game? from nintendo nes?
does this game have BOMBERMAN on it??
It has 2 controllers, does that mean 2 people can play at the same time for 2 player games?
Does it come with antartic adventure? a game of a penguin running?
dose it come with the game
does it have contra or tank on it?
Will this work on flat screen tv,s in uk
Can you explain why there are the same games listed but with different 3 initials at the end of it?
What is the highest resolution you can save a created image to? Also, what file formats does it allow you to save in ( jpg, png, etc)?
Your reqs say 1024 x 768 monitor resolution - My monitor is set at 1440 x 900 (native) - Would this program work on my computer -
Will this software work with Windows 7 and 8?
So when you purchase quantity one is that one bag or four bags? And is the $1.98 per bag or for four bags?
Is the price for one or four tote bags?
How many totes does this include?
Do these work for round tables?
do you have black?
is there any plastic in the table cloths?
Would it be possible to color on these? Thinking of using them for a kid's birthday party.
I am worried about the fold lines. After putting on the tables, are the fold lines from packaging visible? I want to have a nice "pressed" look.
How do these compare to the vanity fair 24 count impression table covers on amazon?
I am confused. The picture says package of 1. Does it or does it not include 6 tablecloths?
Is it possible to got the creases out of the tablecloths?
Can the caterers put hot food warmers on top of these tablecloths?
My grand son will be 4 yrs old in June. My concern is, he may be too big for it. Some say its big enough-more say its way to small ???
Does it have a seatbelt?
Can the child actually "steer" the car (not just turn the steering wheel)?
Is this the same size as the original cozy coupe?
Does the Police signs are stickers? They come already attached? Can I choose not to put those?
the car comes disassembled and boxed? HOW IS ABOUT THE SIZE OF THE BOX?
Will it easily fit Ina vehicle?
Does the cozy coup trailer attach to this model?
can the trailer be attached to this model
Does the door have an inside lock?
Are they blank on both sides?
how many in a box what is the size of card
Are they printable?
After reading the reviews, what type of pen/ink will stay on these cards?
If I want to re-use these cards, will dry erase and/or wet erase markers come off after they've dried?
Will a laser printer effectively print on these cards in a lasting manner?
about how many blank cards do you get with this?
Each domino has 3 dimensions... length, width and height. What are the 3 measurements of the individual domnios?
Is the 9 and 6 different colors?
Can I buy an individual domino, I have lost the 11-9 of this set
Does the game come with instructions?
IS THE ZERO BLANK OR DOES IT HAVE A "0" MARKED
Does the centre piece make a hooting noise to signal a person has only one play piece left?
how many trains in this set?
What is the best tray to purchase to fit this type of domino (numbered)? They are thinner than the dotted dominoes and fall out of the tray.
what is the measurement of the INDIVIDUAL DOMINO, NOT the container?
Do the dominoes have numbers or dots on them?
what fabric is the tent made out of? does it have a plastic smell when you open it?
hello friend im really interested can you please tell me the aproximate or exactly weight?
Where do you insert the 2nd longer pole? I know one is to connect the door and assume the other is to add support for the top but can't see where
It is durable? It has floor?
Hello! The tend has floor?
Is the window next to the door completely open or is it mesh?
I know this may sound crazy, but would this be ok for a pet? Was wondering about the materials. Just as long as its not plastic. Thanks!!
What is the size and shape when packed...?
hi.. what is the shipping weight and shipping dimensi&oacute;n?? it's for ship to a friend in Colombia... ,thanks :)
Is this Duplo?
is this suitable for a 3 year old?
Are these "girl" legos (pink tubs) compatiable with the original "boy" legos (blue tubs)
is there an instruction booklet showing things to build?
Would this keep an 8 year old girl busy for a while?
How many pieces are in this set?
Are these compatible with the Lego Friends kits?
How to build a dog with Lego
how big is the building plate in this set?
How many force-trainer toys you have.. I want to buy a toy of fifteen. Here in Korea. Can I buy?
does it come with the ball?
Is the headset an actual bluetooth device? Is the included headset a fully compatible bluetooth device that can be used at a pc with the neurosky.com software?
Does this project accurate constellations?
The answer to my question about using the projector in my 8'0" domed black surface observatory (without the telescope) was negative. Why?
What is the *content* of the planetarium soundtrack? Music, voice, both? Thanks very much!
I'm considering this unit for placement at my home train layout room for a "starry night" effect when the trains are running at night. Do-able?
I know this was asked a few months ago but does anyone have any updates if this is the new 10 watt version?
My ceiling has a large 10"x10" wood beam in the center. How bad would the distortion of the projection be?
Popcorn ceilings? not going to work??
Does this projector show all 88 constellations?
Hello! Can it be installed upside down?
How long is the runtime for the CD that is included? I understand it is music only ... Correct?
I just want to confirm that this is new and in the box from a non-smoking home?
where is the purse and it also had a penny in it
Is there a particular reason that the doll is almost $200.00 MORE than the original retail value? or is it just because it's retired?
Does this doll come in the collector's box?
Is this an AUTHENTIC AMERICAN GIRL DOLL / Molly?
Is this an AUTHENTIC AMERICAN GIRL DOLL / Molly?
can you go online with this doll?
Do domino sets come in a large size?
Does it Say "Con Despierta Boricua"?
size 0f dominos
What ages can play this game?
What are the dimensions of each tile?
Does it come with playing card?
Is the Christmas tree picture in the center cardboard? How does it stand up?
Does any one know how much room this takes when it is setup?
Will this fit on wooden tracks? (Like the Thomas tracks?)
Does this train have a song?
My son broke a wheel off the engine. Any suggestions?
Stupid question, but where do you put the batteries? I know it's on the controller, but where on the train?
can u buy extra tracks?
What are the measurements of the engine? Thx!
are there tracks that can be bought to extend or reconfigure the line?
is this compatible with geotrax?
Is the fabric made with flame retardents?
Is this a pop up tent or does it have poles?
Does anyone know where I can obtain a replacement pole for this tent?
Are there windows in the tent that open or is there any other ventilation other than the door?
How big is the packaging? I'm thinking of mailing it to a family member overseas.
What are the dimensions of the footprint?
Does the Melissa and Doug Mollie Tent have a floor?
What does this furreal dog do?
Where is this toy manufactured? What country?
Is the light color more blond, brown, or red? I have a Golden/Shep mix and trying to see if this pup might be a good match.
Does ball come attached to dog? I don't want that.
Does this dog come with a ball?
how much is shipping
is it a toy
is it rc
Is this metal or plastic?
Does the back open? Can a bale acutally fit in the machine? Thanks!
Which tractor does this baler fit on? We have the 1/16 4240 - does it work with that?
how many bales come with it?
Is this round baler actual metal?
Is there a place on the back of the badges for a neck chain?
I need a police themed cupcake topper, do you think this would work?
Do the badges have pins on them to attach to clothes?
is there a pin or hook on the back
Can you remove individual notes? My wife is looking for something for music therapy where she can remove all but the pentatonic scale.
what are the dimensions? How long is it?
Do you know where I can get just the case? I have a xylophone this size, but no case?
It Does include de black key of the piano note.
Would this help a young (10 year old) child find the notes while practicing voice lessons?
One of the pictures has a set with the notes colored black and white like piano keys. Is that color option available?
is this an instrument that an adult could use.?? it has been a while since i used to play the drums and the trumpet.thought i would give this a TRY BEFORE SPENDING A LOT OF MONEY.
Is this good for a sixth grader to start out on?
does it come with mallets?
can this be a toy for 3 years old?
How sturdy are these? Can they hold adults? DO you know what the max weight is? Thank you!
My daughter likes to twist the chains together and then let it twirl her really fast. Will the coating crack or break from this?
Are these chains coated so they won't rust or so they won't scratch items that they are wrapped around?
Did anyone have a problem with the color of the coating fading after a few months? It looks like they have been outside for years now. Disappointing
How much is the total shipping for 4 pair, please?
I need a swing hanger that will fit a 4 inch round post, not a square beam. Will these fit?
what is the diameter of the metal used to make this hook? what weight are these hooks rated for? Are they galvanized or similiar to protect from rust?
What is the diameter of the disk?
What is persons weight limit
Is this swing big enough/sturdy enough for older/heavier children? Can extra chain be attached to swing for tall trees
i need 30 Ftof rope/
Can you attach this swing on a play set in place of where a tire swing normally goes?
Can the length of this chain be reduced?
Can you get it in Pink as shown? But no option for selection?
What is the thickness of the chain 3/16"?
What is the length of the coated portion of the chain?
how heavy a load will this chain carry?
Are these bolts galvanized and are they long enough to go thru a 4"x6" board?
How much weight do each one support?
I want to know what metal its made of
Do you reduce shipping price when more than one pair is ordered?
How much weight wil this light duty tire swivel hold?
Does this have a grease fitting? If not, how do you grease it?
Can this be used to hang a hammock from the ceiling?
Do you have to purchase these to hang a tire swing from a swing set?
Will the ladder break if pushed in and out instead of using the crank?
How do you change the blue lights for the orange lights? We can't get the blue lights off!
What size batteries are needed for light/sound module
Can the sound be dissabled or can the product be ordered without sound?
Where can I buy replacement cars?
Are there any other Shake n Go cars that fit this track other than the ones it comes with?
EXTREME speedway: Will Ramone and lighting McQueen fit this track?
can smart cycle games be played on smart cycle EXTREME? can smart cycle games be played on smart cycle EXTREME?
Difference between the Fisher Price Smart Cycle and the Fisher Price Smart Cycle Extreme: Does anyone know the difference (besides cost) between the Fisher Price Smart Cycle and the Fisher Price Smart Cycle Extreme?
I bought my smart cycle extreme used. It only has a female plug, but our TV has female receptacles, where can I get a plug with two male ?
when you say not wrapped when delivered is it in a brown box at least
Smart Cycle: is there a storage compartment in the smart cycle to hold the extra cartridges?
Is there any pedal issues as i previous Smart cycle, are they corrected and durable in Smart cycle extreme? Is Smart cycle extreme is durable than previous version of smart cycle?
would these be large enough to use as cupcake toppers?
Do you have lite blue? i would like to get brown and lite blue if u have them..thanks
Hi! What are the sizes you offer? I couldn't find the sizing image. I am looking for tiny---like 3 mm. Thanks!
could you use these to fill a vase and stick an led light at the bottom? and have a floating candle at the top?
My daughter has a dozen average to large vases that we need to fill 3/4 full. Don't know how much 2000 would fill so I don't know how many to buy?
Why is this listed as a toy for children age birth to 24 months? Is because that would be the life expectancy of a child that is given this?
can be placed as a string?
Hi, im getting married in 3 weeks.. does this really take 17-28 business days to receive?
Does this really take 17-28 days to ship I have a wedding in 2 weeks
hi how quicklly does this ship out..could i get it by next week?
would these be large enough to use as cupcake toppers?
Do you have lite blue? i would like to get brown and lite blue if u have them..thanks
Hi! What are the sizes you offer? I couldn't find the sizing image. I am looking for tiny---like 3 mm. Thanks!
could you use these to fill a vase and stick an led light at the bottom? and have a floating candle at the top?
My daughter has a dozen average to large vases that we need to fill 3/4 full. Don't know how much 2000 would fill so I don't know how many to buy?
Why is this listed as a toy for children age birth to 24 months? Is because that would be the life expectancy of a child that is given this?
can be placed as a string?
Hi, im getting married in 3 weeks.. does this really take 17-28 business days to receive?
Does this really take 17-28 days to ship I have a wedding in 2 weeks
hi how quicklly does this ship out..could i get it by next week?
would these be large enough to use as cupcake toppers?
Do you have lite blue? i would like to get brown and lite blue if u have them..thanks
Hi! What are the sizes you offer? I couldn't find the sizing image. I am looking for tiny---like 3 mm. Thanks!
could you use these to fill a vase and stick an led light at the bottom? and have a floating candle at the top?
My daughter has a dozen average to large vases that we need to fill 3/4 full. Don't know how much 2000 would fill so I don't know how many to buy?
Why is this listed as a toy for children age birth to 24 months? Is because that would be the life expectancy of a child that is given this?
can be placed as a string?
Hi, im getting married in 3 weeks.. does this really take 17-28 business days to receive?
Does this really take 17-28 days to ship I have a wedding in 2 weeks
hi how quicklly does this ship out..could i get it by next week?
Language: Friends, I need to know if this toy emits some sound, since I need it in Spanish, have availability with this characteristic?
where is product made?
Can the sound be turned off? I want to take it on the plane w/ us to occupy my daughter, but don't want to disturb other passengers.
What kind of batteries go with the leapfrog scribble and write?
is it the new model?
Does it show the stroke order of the letters, like which line is written first, then second, etc? Thanks.
Does this scribble and write also include the numbers, which is a newer feature?
will it help my 9 year write
Which is better, this one or VTech - Write And Learn Touch Tablet?
how do you download from computer and is it included
Are the batteries included?
Is the name "Dean" on the list of names Scout knows?
Does it say the name Grady?
Which scout version is best? the non-customization one? How can you tell the difference?
What is the difference between this one and the one that is $22.00?
Is there a way to distinguish the "cheaper " version from the full version?I need the one that connects to the phones.
what is the difference between the cheaper scout and the genuine scout?
does it come in its original package?
Does it teach parts of the body?
Does this product work with Leap pad 2 ? The product I received says works with "Leapster &amp; Leapster2". Not the same as the game picture words
Is this product compatible with Leapster GS?
Does this game work with the leap pad ultra?
does it require batteries?
Is this toy compatible with a Mac computer?
What is the age for this toy?
My daughter has a very unusual name. Is there an option to type in your own name or you have to choose from their database?
My granddaughter is 2 1/2, is she too old for this? Ps she loves stuffed animals.
I don't see any USB cable, only a headphones type cable. Is that what you use?
Can you download to Violet from a smart phone?
Can the language be changed?
How much is the USB capacity to store all this data??
What happened to hearts button?
Does this set work with the Tag reading pen? We have one (purple) that we bought two or three years ago and want to be sure it's compatible. Thanks!
Are any of these storie's holiday or birthday related?
where do I purchase that reader pen
About how many pages or how long is each book?
I am buying two reading pens, one for each daughter. Can I download the same books on both pens so they can share books?
Can this be used with leapreader?
Will i get the tag reader in this purchase or i have to purchase separate?
can you use those books on leappad xdi?
I intend to get the 4 volume of books including the talking pen, may I know the total weight and the dimension of the box use for packing the books?
how many books in leap reader volume 1
would it work if i said any color but the blue and gold
is this yoyo responsive ? please answer me
I am a curious how long the sleep time is?
what is the most common color
would it work if i said any color but the blue and gold
what colors do you provide?
How do they choose the colors? is it just what they have ready, i know it is random though
Can you throw it down and pop it back up?
is this an aluminium yoyo
What is it's sleep time?
do you sent to uruguAY?
Does it have the tag?
what are the dimensions?
Does it look like the picture? Or does it look different (as in ASIN: B006ZZLUYY)? Someone said it looks different, not sure if I should buy!Thanks!
Are you certain the code is unused?
does it have online tag
How are these packaged? Are they in a box (not the shipping box, but the actual toy)?
does this product come with the unused secret code?
How big is it?
Does the charger shut off when the batteries are charged?
I understand this charges each port at at .3A and my batteries recommend .7A. Is this compatible, it may just charge slower? Thanks.
Does this come with the power supply?
will it work with nano qx?which uses 1S 3.7V 150 mah 25c 3c max charge i assume it will........
My batteries say "2C Charge Rate" (Lectron Pro 3.7v 180mAh 45C) - will this charger be appropriate for them? I'm a little confused here. Thanks!
Will it charge Traxxas Lipos,does it have a Traxxas connector
Do I have a bad charger? The lights never turn off, never blink... just stay the same red when a battery is in the slop, be it half hour, five hours..
Does it charge each battery independently or all together?
Can this work with 3.7v 380mAh 25c Li-Po Batteries? Specifically for a Hubsan X4 H107?
What engines does this one take? Estes site no longer shows specs on it!
what recovery method?
which wadding and rocket launcher do i use with the estes alien invader model rocket kit?
Chandlier problem: We can't get our chandlier to light up, any tips?
dream town house elevator? are they kidding? please help-how do I get the darn thing hooked up?
It doesn't work, any tips? Anybody else have this problem and know how to fix it?
Barbie Dream House Hot Tub: Does anyone know where the batteries go for the hot tub in order to make the lights light up?
Having trouble with that fireplace?
Barbie Town house discontinued?? Isnt this a new model??
moving the Dream House: I bought this as a Christmas present - Should I wait until Christmas Eve to assemble or can I assemble in another room and move it to the tree?
Barbie dream House # Story: I am told this transaction was lost somehow?
Is this different than barbie 2013 dream house
Can anyone tell me what the real weight is? Is there really 24 pounds? I saw the same product at another site and it says 4,5 .
Does this doll close it's eyes?
hello. I wonder if the audio of the wrist can be programmed to Spanish?
Does this doll speak spanich too? I have seen another interactive dolls that you can switch from english to spanish pressing its bracelet. Thanks.
Talk in spanish: Do this doll talk in spanish?
is this robot smart?
how fast dose It go ?
How do the gears fit? We can't assemble it. The gears don't fit in the space. They are either too large, or the space is too small. Anyone else have this problem. I have a very disappointed 10 year old. Thank you.
Hi, can anyone tell me the actual size measurement (length and width) of these bills? Thank you.
how many bills are there? and is there ones?
are the bills durable? all of our play money has gotten ripped
I'm sorry to ask u this, does any1 know exact how many for each coins and bills: 1c, 5c, 10c, 25c, $1, $5, $10, $20, $50 n $100? Much appreciation.
Can the packaging be used as storage once opened?
I want to get more play money for another set. Can you post measurment of the bills?
How close is this to the size of real money?
Can someone tell me How many bills $1 -$5-$10 each of each do you get?
What is the size diameter of these??? One person below says they fit kids, one person says adults. I'm confused.
Do they glow in the dark?
how many come in a box?
Can we just order 3 colors? 30- blue, 30- green and 30 yellow?
How many different colors do these come in?
Are there an even number of each color or are they packaged randomly?
do they come in different colors?
do they glow under black light?
Does the Whisper White filter make the room look "warmer" as opposed to a "cooler" look that might come from the tranquil blue color?
Do these hang outside the light or inside, above the acrylic sheet?
Which color filter is best for students with visual impairments such as retinal problems?
Do these filters block out uv lighting? If so, how much and does it block both uva and uvb?
do you have it in clear? and is it 24" by 48" or is it smaller. and how much for the clear.
Has anyone successfully made these look professional? I'd like them for my office, but need it not to look so DIY.
do they have a tag on them that identifies the fabric as fire retardant? that is a must for the fire marshall inspections.
Does the bag contain any duplicates? Are there many coins from the same country?
Does this bag contain any coins from the Nazi Germany Era?
how valuable can they get?
are any coins gold?
Are all the coins authentic?
Does this include coins from Sealand?
are the coins mostly the size of a US Quarter or half dollar?
did you git a coin with a monkey and a crown
what are the sizes of these coins? Im looking for the majority to be 1" or larger
What is Buffalow Nickel BU 64 1938 d over s mint worth
What type of packaging from amazon did it come in?
is this the new and improved version for 2013?
how many c batteries needed?
The pop the pig game has a place for batteries but does not say what size so what size and how many does it take?
Instructions didn't mention saving crystalline stuff to "Seed" it - will our crystals still grow? It's been 18 hours and nothing... :(
I have this in an earlier version but can not find information about what chemical is in the kit for safety. Is it just salt and vinegar???
Hi, My daughter got this kit for Christmas and we cannot find the instructions. Does anyone have instructions they can post?
how many crystals are there?
Do they include wands? The description says it does and the reviews says it doesn't?
Will these bottles fit in a Fisher Price Bubble Mower?
How tall is the label part of the bottle?
How tall is the label part of the bottle?
Which country are these bubbles made in?
Can I order these bubbles in ONLY pink bottles?
Do these bubble bottles fit the gun that is sold at Disney World?
How tall is the label part on the bottles? I want to make custom labels and I need to know what size I have to work with.
DO these bubble bottles fit the light up bubble gun?
Are the bottles recyclable? we are only looking to order in bulk is they are #1 or #2 plastics. Please let me know. Thanks
Is this made in usa
Does it fold up
Is there an on/off switch for the sound, or is it always on?
My son is 40" tall would he be too tall for this horse?
Good evening I want to know the exact weight and size of the package desire to buy but I live in Colombia and I want to calculate shipping costs. than
Does this come with the seat stabilizing ring I have seen on others?
Is this product magnetic?
Does anyone know of a paint cup (preferably non-spill) that fits into this easel? All of the cups I've tried so far are too big for the cup holders.
What kind of hardware does it come with for hanging?
Is this big enough for a 4-5 year old? (4T clothes). I'm considering it for my 2.5 and 4.5 year old nephews, but most reviews seem to be for 2yos.
Does this horse have a good "bounce" and the springs aren't too stiff? Thanks.
Is there a weight limit? I would like to get it for my 2 1 /2 yr old who is 3ft tall and 33lbs.
What is the difference between Blaze and the other Radio Flyer Interactive Horse? Big price difference...why?
where is it made? Can anyone tell me where this toy is made?
How much string comes with this kite, and is a spool included?
What is early age for using this kite?
What is the length and strength (test) of the kite line provided?
Does staring come with kite
What is the length when folded for travel?
Can I fold it up for carrying? Does it come with a bag
Is there a streamer at the end? It's hard to tell from the picture.
how many yards of line are included ?
how much string is included?
is this a good gift for an 8 year old girl
Does the unicorn castle case have a door besides the windows for their heads?
Can we machine wash these?
how big are they? how big is the castle?
Are these horses or unicorns? It mentions unicorns, but it has a picture of horses.
Just wondering how big this toy. I'm wanting to bring it back to NZ. Dose it squash down to fit into luggage? Thanks.
Does this version of the car have the Flux Capacitor? I bought it because I saw somepne's review and it said that it did. Is this from Part I?
what does random packaging mean ?
what does it mean by random packaging? thanks.
Is it an rc car
do wheels roll, like in the movie?
Would there be space to open the delorean from the bottom to insert an external hard drive? I want to have it as my time machine backup for my mac :)
Is this the delorean from the 1st BTTF? It is a gift and I already have the 2nd and 3rd deloreans so I don't want to double up??
what are the actual dimensions? it says that the tent is 19.5x19.5 but that cant be possible
Is it big enough for a 7 year old
how is it stored
is it indoorand outdoor
how do you clean or wash tent
How big is this tent?
What is the built in floor mat? A floor pad or sheet?
Does it stand on its own or needs a hook on the ceiling to keep it up?
Could you use this tent outdoors?
Is this sturdy? Does it fall over constantly, or does it buckle under its own weight and from the tension of the support rods?
Does this have flame retardants? Ever tent I have found says it has flame retardants. thanks.
Is this product cotton or polyester? Two different things, yet the description says both ("cotton poyester"). Thanks!
What are the dimensions of this tent when it is set up? Amazon says 19.7x19.7x4.3 inches, but that can't be right?
how to fold it
i am 13 years old and do harder skillls such as backwalkovers and backhandsprings is this beam right for me?
does the tan beam have a carrying case? I see the pink and purple ones pictured have one.
I want to purchase this brand of folding balance beam and it is out of stick everyone. Does anyone know where I can place an order for the future?
How soft is it? Is it good for all exercises?
What is the weight limit?
is this appropriate for 10 year old beginner?
Is there a weight or age limit?
About how big is the fire chief's car (or what are the dimensions?)
does vehicle have hitch on back for rescue fire boat
Does the siren flash and make noise? thanks...
have in spanish?
If this product compatible with VTech AC Adaptor?
Good afternoon, I would like to know if this product has the Spanish version
is there any other company i can buy these from? and is it like only three flavors or are the rest just grape?
how much fizzy candy comes the package
So this is for 1 6 pack of the cans, correct? Are all of the flavors represented in the 6-pack?
how much comes with it????????
Is this made of plastic or metal?
Is it rc?
Does this truck have a hitch so that it can be used with the Ertl horse trailer?
what color is the vinyl mat?
What are the dimensions of the mat
Is the vinyl mat green?
is the timer like a movie action clip?
If I buy this item today 12/17 can it be shipped for arrival to Georgia by the 19th? We leave town on the 20th. thank you!
Is this the most appropriate for adults?
Why is there a board?
Are the cards in the first edition different than those in the next edition? We play the 2nd edition so often we recognize all the cards
What is the base(playing board) made of? How heavy is the base?
How tall are the chess pieces?
did you get this chess set from wb Shop?
Do you ship to Australia at all?
Are you send to Brazil? 37701-279
what are the lasers?
Is this too young for a 10 yr old?
would this product work fine for home protection for example one on every door that leads into the house at night
how far can you strech the lasers
Is this too young for a 12 year old?
Does this product work at night? Does it "time off" or would it run all night long? (trying to possibly wake a sleepwalker)
How far apart can they function, what is the battery life and can you get a 2nd set to add on to make one setup?
does it keep going once something or someone walks by it?
Is the lazer light visible?
what kind and how many batteries are required?
Are all pockets the same size or are there larger pockets than what is shown?
What are the dimensions of the tote bag and are there pockets on all sides?
What is the max weight it can hold sitting on it?
Whats the weight capacity for the folding stool with backrest??
How high is the seat? Is the back rest sturdy enough for an elderly person to use to help her stand up?
Can babies splash in the water with their hands while sitting in this product? The picture seems to suggest that there is a barrier there.
weight limit?
Do you need a bicycle pump or does it come with its own pump?
What is the material of this float? Is it plastic like an inflatable kiddie pool, or is it more like parachute-type fabric? Thanks!
I am a little confused, is this for the canapy AND float, or just the canopy?
what does it mean colors may vary? I don't want to get a pink one for my baby boy.
How big is the float + canopy when its deflated/packed up? Is the canopy support inflated too or are there poles for support? Can I pack for travel?
Do you think this could support a 2yo around 25lbs?
Do I have to punch a hole in the valve to get it to inflate? I cant see any opening in the valve from where Air can go inside.
Why is there a warning that it is not for children under three, yet the manufacturer's recommendation is for ages 9-24 months?
Appropriate age for product?
number of pieces
what age is it for
how big is it
Hi there - Can anyone compare this to the Flying Turtle (which looks to be a similar product but is a bit less expensive)?
Would this work for a nine-year old or is it best for younger children?
how does it work on asphalt driveways?
quiero saber si el woody colletions viene en idioma espa&ntilde;ol...?
Hi, is there a way to turn off the talk-back feature?
Is this Woody voiced by Tom Hanks?
Hello! This woody speak in spanish? Thanks in advance
What type of batteries does this woody have?
I really need a spanish talking one. This Woody is spanish speaking?
the toy woody speak spanish?
I really need a spanish talking one? Can Amazon.com help me on this? I need Buzz Ligthyear also... Both Genuine pls....
Does this model have wings that retract into themselves, or is like the ones that just swing down?
Anyone know how to remove the wings on this so I can change the batteries?
I can t change de lenguage? I need Buzz speak spanish.
This Buzz have Cert of Authenticity? Glow in the night? Is from the Toy Story Collection?
Does the helmet glass go up and down?
Does the helmet completely go down/remove on this model?
Does the helmet completely come down/remove on this model?
hallo, i want buzz talking greek.can you help me?
Does it do the karate chop? Does it fly?
The description says that this buzz is bilingual. I wonder if anyone has confirmed? Thank you.
In the product pictures it shows 2 different boxes wich box does it actually come in ? Does this one have the interactive hat thing
I have read 1 review of this toy saying that it spoke Spanish and 2 reviews of the toy that were written in Spanish does it actually speak Spanish
I understand that this toy does indeed speak english and has the interactive hat?
Can the Spanish version be turned off so that all we hear is English?
is the doll you show here the doll you ship - the belt buckle here is yellow and not brass...want to be sure this is the one you ship (yellow buckle)
What phrases does he say? I just need a doll that says the following "Reach for the Sky" "Someone's Poisoned the Water Hole" "There's a snake in my book" "You're my favorite Deputy" does this one say these?
Ucreate Music - what accessories will I need? I just ordered Ucreate Music and wonder what I'll need to have ready so I can use it?
ipod hookup: Can you connect UCreate to your ipod?
Which age group is this for?
Can you download music files to mp3 player? Is that right?
Is it possible to sample songs to create my own music tracks?
1) What does the "medium" mean, a reference to color (i.e., medium white, not bright white)? 2) Would this cover a black stain on white cloth?
IS TE PAINT FLAT OR GLOSSY?
can you use these markers on an inflated latex balloon?
The house looks like it's made mostly out of untreated (e.g., varnished, stained or painted) wood. Is this correct?
what are dimensions of dollhouse once assembled? It says in description 3.74" wide but this seems very skinny
does it come assembled or should we assemble it ourselves?
What is the scale of the doll house furniture?
does anyone know for.a fact whether or not there is anythingin this house made of anything other than solid rubberwood
Is the house made of solid wood or mdf/veneer?
What are the dimensions of the dollhouse once assembled? What is the height of each floor, the floor to ceiling measurement?
How far does the laser reach?
could a four year old play this
If I want more than one set, are they compatible? Do I have to do anything special or any two sets will work together?
Can you play tag in the daylight?
does this come with instructions
Can more than two players play at once?
I get that your gun is disabled after 10 hits but if you can just reload, how does that prevent cheating? How do other players know you got hit 10x?
Can more than two players play at once?
How long does battery last?
My kids already lost their instruction manual. Does anyone know where I can find a replacement manual? (I already looked on Hasbro website.) Thanks
what is this made of? is it solid wood or not?
Can someone provide specific dimentions for this product? Thank you.
Did anyone purchase the drawer that matches? Does it make sense to do so?
Would this be good for an older child interested in Legos? My daughter is 9 and just really starting to love legos.
Can someone tell me the measurement from floor to bottom edge of table? I need to consider the storage options for underneath.
Where is this made?
size?
does it come in a sleeve or protector
Is this 2dollar bill real?
is this real 2 dollar bill
can you buy stuff
can i use this to pay for actual items?
Does the package come with 2 bills or only one?
Are they 1976 series?
how many bills are there?
how many two dollar bills in one package?
this standard face or rider back and can i buy 2 red decks
Is one red and one blue?
this standard face or rider back and can i buy 2 of
The product description says it's 8" x 8" x 6", but to look at the photo it doesn't seem that could possibly be right. How big is it?
What is the weight limit of the hanging object?
How do you hang this motor? Does it come with its own hanger/hook or do you have to buy one?
It is a dual direction spinner. How do I get it to change direction?
Does this product take 1 or 2 D batteries? A reviewers comment makes me think it only takes 1. Which is right?
Is this made out of plastic?
Can I use this for a small mirror ball?
Could this be used to spin a baby's mobile?
All the wind spinner batteries say indoor use. Is this for outdoor, rain and allelement of New England?
What size battery does it use and how long does the battery last?
How do I know the frequency if I buy 2 for racing?
Variable speed? Range of this R/C vehicle?
size
1:14 really don't tell me much..how big is it?
What is the size of the chalk board? I am planning on replacing it with a lego base board and wondering if it would match up size wise...
How many kids can comfortably sit at this table?
What are the manufacturer's weight limits on the stools? Ours recently broke with a 130 lb adult sitting on it. Can you purchase just the stool?
is it worth the price?
Is this product an authentic OWI product? Amazon note above mentions a problem out there with counterfeit products. thanks.
Mine didn't come with a solar panel.... Is it supposed to?
I gather there is only 1 solar panel included, so the box picture of 6 is misleading?
does it run on carpet
How fast is it
is the remote dashboard style?
do the headlights work?
Are these "free standing" numbers? By that I mean that once I peel them off the backing, the only thing I have is a number, no background around it.
Do these adhere to fabric, like a soccer jersey?
hi are there any number ones i do not see any number 1
Do you think these would adhere well to a painted metal surface (painted exit door) ?
I want to put these numbers on my classroom wall to make a number line. Are they difficult to take off?
I want to order 10+ of these. Is there a break on shipping costs?
How many numbers come in the pack? I need 4-1's and an 8
What are the measurements of the small cars? Specifically the width?
Will the 'Little People' figures fit in this toy and in the cars?
Is it compatible with "airport, and construction site" ? Would love to do this for 1 year old, but want to learn and grow.
would this be good for a 1 yr old?
Are the magnets securely attached? My son loves to suck and chew on toys and I worry about the magnets coming loose.
How long is the string the child can pull?
Would you recommend this for a girl?
Can you buy other animals for the car carrier other than the ones that come with it? If so, where from?
daughter
Does the back door stay shut now or do you still have problems?
Do you have press a button after every song or does it play few at a time?
Do you think a 21 month old would enjoy this toy or is it too babyish?
is that does a partial songs or full songs?
what kind of batteries does it take?
Just received the toy-it starts singing the rhyme but, does not finish. Is that how it is suppose to work?
is bilingual?
What's the age reccommendation for this?
Dones is come in spanish?
frustration free package
where is this product made
are these different colors (rubber) as well as multi colored led lights?
can you change the batteries in these bracelets? thanks
hi! how many of these do you get?
Has the smell and the issues with a lot of them not working been handled? I want to get 70 - and I would like a free sample to test. Can you do that
Is there anyway to get a set of these that work properly? I just sent mine back. The ones that did work were awesome. PLEASE HELP!
Will this work with Exceed Maxstone axles shocks and? links
dose it come with suspension
Will this work with the Axial Deadbolt?
Will this fit the jeep Rubicon 4door?
Does it come with the Hardware to assemble it?
How do you change her batteries?
Does she came with the pacifier?
Can she drink milk
Is her hair rooted and can it be brushed/washed? What size clothes can she wear?
Is the body vinyl or cloth?
Does she need batteries?
Does she breaths? How?
What color is this?
I have a concrete backyard patio... is it soft enough for my 10 month old to sit in if it's on concrete?
Is the bottom of the float inflatable?
How many gallons or inches of water does it hold?
What is the best way to blow this up?
How does hood attach- Velcro?
What is the diameter?
Does this balloon have an area where I can connect a string? Or does this need to be taped to something?
What are the dimensions of the balloon when inflated?
If I order this balloon today when can I expect to receive it?
what size is the shaft and wear can i find gears for the motor?
what is the diameter for the motor
looking to replace powerwheels motors. Do/can pinion gears come with or ordered with motor? I need 18T and 8T. Thank you.
will this motor fit to replace a brushed 550 titan 12 turn in my traxxas slash 1/16 scale
Will this work in a hpi mini recon?
wondering if this motor or the same motor only the brushed version will fit in the litehawk brute
Will it work in a traxxas slash 4x4 car
How many charges do you get out of it?
Will this work in a Dji Phamtom Fc40 ? Thank you
I Want to use your battery with my quadcopter. However I need it with an XT60 connector. Can you do it?
Will this work in a Trexxas Stampede? Will it also make it faster. If you haven't figured it out, I'm a novice.
What are the length of the battery wires? they look shorter than most in the pictures.
Would this work on the Axial SCS10 JEEP WRANGLER? Thanks
I'm custom building a Hexacopter, do I need this as a 3s or do I need a 6s instead?
What's the right dimensions of this battery? On the description they have 2 diferent measures
Will it fit in traxxas rustler vxl?
Is this tall enough and strong enough to hang an inflatable tire between the posts?
Are there two goal post in one set?
What is the general age group this is for? I have a 6 year old nephew. thanks.
is the football suitable for 12 year old? What size is the football? Thank you
how wide is it field goal posts
I'm looking for a tee and practice net to kick football into
Does the CROSSBAR adjust from 4-6 ft? Or is that just the top of the posts??
Size of board and marbles
Product dimensions are confusing. Is this 16 inches diameter for board or 10 inches. is this same size as the de Venezia original with ebony board?
Will the gemstones marbles be labeled so to know which stone is which? Also does the game come with instructions?
Is it possible to have marbles that are all different types of gemstones without having duplicates?
Can we change its clothes?
Is this dolls head weighted?
What size baby clothes can this doll wear?
Are her limbs 3/4 legnth or full?
How much does she weigh?
Does her head turn and do the knees bend?
Can she suck on par fire n bottle?
How many inches long is this doll
Is this a full body?
Does it move its arms and legs?
what his weight ?
con he fit into newborn clothes
I am wanting to get my daughter an Ashton Drake doll for Christmas, which doll do you guys prefer that looks the most real?
Is he silicone
Will he fit into premmy clothes
is his mouth madnedic ? oh and I don't know if I spelt that write
soes he have a jointed body?
Is Charlie sofft like a real baby?
can you move his arms and legs for posing?
does katie his twinsister exist and if so where do u buy her
will my spectrum DX5E that came with my e-flite apprentice fly this plane?
Is there a way to install wheels and/or floaters if I do some modding?
How do I charge the battery?
Will this fly with the FlySky FS-T6 transmitter? if not, can I change the receiver to a flysky receiver?
can you take them off once they are on and do they fit on the champ RTF
Is this compatible with the Sport Cub S2?
can it work on the hobbyzone duet rtf
Do these floats come with the water rudder?
Will these fit the min cub as well?
will this work on the N4768Z model plane?
Are these floats compatible with the Super Cub DSM RFT?
Do you think these can be adapted to other planes? How long are they?
what size are theses stickers?
How tall are the decal figures?
How big are the stickers? Does anyone know how big are theses wall stickers?
will these work in the N-strike elite guns?
will these suction darts work with the Nerf Girls Rebelle Bow?
Will these work with the Nerf Strongarm?
Will these work with the Air Tech 3000?
do the darts fit the nxt generation toy crossbow?
Can you only mount this set on wood?
How does the rainmaker work??? Thank you
what age range would you say this is most appropriate?
Can you mount on metal pipes?
what is the size?
How does it attach to the playscape?
What is the true size of the canopy? Is it 90x42 or 90x52?
need to know the dimensions please
My swing set needs a canopy that is 135 to 140 inches long and 46 inches wide. Can't find anything even close to long enough. Any suggestions?
What are the measurements for this canopy?
how long are the bars?
does this have to be mounted to something else
Are these the same bars that come with the playsets? In other words, are they the same size as the bars that come with the playsets?
Are these powder coated or painted?
Does it come with metal braces for constructing the wood frame or does that need to be purchased seperately?
how many bars are in the set ?
We bought this for Christmas and promptly lost the hardware and instructions. Where can I go to get a replacement set of hardware and plans?
Hi I just the bought the bars but what about the rest ? Where can I get the rest of the stuff ? Thanks for your help
can we install this inside the room?
what is the circumference of the bars or how thick are they?
Do you get a Mew card for sure?
Would I like it.
Are the cards fake or not?
Are there duplicate cards in this set?
Are there any ancient cards?
Did anyone get ex cards
The shipping address is wrong on my order, how do I change the shipping address? Ship my order to George Remmetter, PO Box 329, Slaughter, La 70777. Call me if U ahve question 225 654 2763 Thanks George
are there trainers/energies/stadium/poke tool cards?
1 is there any foils or holographics? 2 what cards do they come with or is everybodys cards different?
Does the pokemon cards have a pikachu and a raichu
What is the functional height of the slide?
I have a grandson that is 10 but he weighs 130 what is the weight limit on this?
what is the weight limit?
Can I use this indoors? In my basement for instance?
How is it best stored? How much storage space is required?
How do kids enter the house? I see the doorway but are there then stairs or is it climbing wall?
How does the water get into the slide? Do you hook up a hose to it?
What increase can I expect in my electricity bill using this a few hours 5 days a week
If the water keeps running and there's no pool at the bottom, where does all the water go?
How big is the jumping area
What material is this made out of...plastic, rubber??
Are the batteries replaceable?
how come half dont work...old?
does it come in a card holder box, like the one in the picture?
How many foreign cards?
are the penny sleeves included?
Are they all in English?
Is their holos?
Why are there world of warcraft cards shown?
hey i just bought this yesterday and was curious about the rarities like what was the rarity percentages?
Were there a lot of older cards or more from the newer expansions?
I have just purchase 3 of these was it a good choice?
Is this appropriate for a five year old girl?
How much does the kit weigh? I was curious to know as I have to mail it.
Would this be good for a 16 yr old that LOVES anything Science or would it be to childish for him?
Do I need a kit for each child or are can multiple children share one kit?
is this appropriate for a 10 year old
what is included ? please list the experiments
Does the game selection have breakout
Can other atari cartridges play on this device?
Does it have PAC man
What ten games does it have? i don't see them listed
what are the games on it?
Do this gamestick include pacman?
can just one controller be used for 2 player games
What other games are on it?
exactly what games are on it?
We have a new flat sceen . What do I plug this unit into and what type of cords are needed
Which is more fun and for adults... Qwirkle or Qwirkle Cubes?
Does this package come with a fabric bag for the cubes?
could anyone tell me the approximate dimensions of the storage box? we're going to be traveling and I want to know how much space this will take up.
Are these full size, or travel size cubes?
How many times can player re-roll the cubes on their turn? how many times can you drow more cubes from the bag?
is this card in English or Japanese
does the card come in english
Is people who bought it sure it's English
is it holo
Is this cards text in Japanese like the picture or is it English?
can a 3000 battery pack be coupled with a 5000?
does it add more power or just a longer run time
can i use this on the traxxas slash 4x4 ultimate
will this work with the traxxas rustler
Will it work on a 1/16 e-revo
Can I use this to charge 2 batteries at the same time?
Can I use this to connect and charge two traxxas batteries at the same time?
Will this work for the 1/10 scale summit?
can u use this for an emaxx with dual 3cell 11.1 volt 30c with a monster mamba 2 esc and 2200 kv motor?
i have a 1/16 e revo vxl could i use a 25C 7.4V 2200mAh Lipo Battery with this?
How big is it?
Is this made with the velour/velvety material or the scratchy polyester flat material?
What is nucleus
Is this washable?
how tall is this?
Quick Question: How tall is the GE Animation Sonic Classic Knuckles Plush?
Do you have TAILS? I wish to buy Sonic and Tails
Can you tell me if this is a 12 in size? Like the above question I want them to match the others in size.
hello i leave in FRANCE,is it possible to buy it and post to FRANCE?
Does barricade have three guns
Is that a KO version (unauthentic) or an authentic version?
as i know,the Human Alliance - Barricade with Frenzy has a "ko" vision,what about this one which you sold
do these stickers cling to doors for easy removal?
How big are the actual stickers? I'm thinking of using these for our regular size family calendar.
Would all the stickers fit on a motivational or chore chart?
is she full body. is she hard
how much does she weigh?
Does her hair stay like that
can the baby wear prime chlothes
Is she a toy or collectable?
Does she stay on the same position
is she weighted?
what size in baby clothes does she wear?
What size is she and does she take a pacifier
does she have a soft body?
After watching the video it appears that the plastic base may slide around, particularly on carpet, has anyone had this problem?
Is this too small for a 2 year old? Should I go with a larger one?
What is the difference between this Tek Nek rockin rider for $82.95 and the other rockin rider for a few dollars less as both are Grow with Me?
Is there a weight limit? I have a very chunky 27 lb 1yo.
How do you clean it if the child gets something on it? Babies make lots of messes so I was concerned about the plush fabric.
has anyone else had a problem with one of the soldering on one of the buttons coming unsoldered? Not sure if I can solder it back so it won' break aga
How do you get the right ear to work?
how do you switch it from the rocker mode to the spring horse mode. The video on Amazon doesn't work thanks
Does the sound have an on and off switch?
Is the seat secure enough for a 1 year old? She is little for her age and want to be sure she can't fall off. Does it have a seat belt?
What is it stuffed with?
how big is it?
How can it be cleaned if it should get dirty?
how tall is it?
How big?
how big is it?
what is the weight limit?
Would this be a good gift for a 1st. Birthday?
how can I get replacement parts for this horse
Where can I get new springs for this horse?? My granddaughter rides her pony everyday and springs keep breaking.
Does it come assembled already?
how do i change the batteries
Is the saddle just embroidered on like one of the photos, or is there an actual saddle like in another photo above. Recent buyer response would be goo
How tall is this easel?
can we color on both sides of the easel? the magnetic side of it too? using the appropriate crayons?
I purchased the dry erase crayons per some comments. However, it left marks on the chalk board. what am I supposed to use on the board?
What is the size of the dry erase surface and can you suggest a brand of paper that fits?
Are lower case letters included or just uppercase?
my granddaughter is turning 4. Would this be appropriate size for her? She is 38 inches tall.
What are dimensions of drawing/writing surface?
Is it easy to store?
Does this come with an eraser of any kind (either chalk board eraser or the dry board eraser)?
what is the size of the actual white/chalk boards, wondering if Melissa &amp; Doug easel pad paper (20 x 17) will fit or be too big.
replacement markers: Does anyone know where to get more makers for the Crayola Glow Dome?
hey...that's not fair amazon! So, I go to check out...and I can only get one in my cart....buy 3 more...but its regular price?
What is the age recommended for this ?
WHERE TO GET SPARE PARTS CRAYOLA GLOW DOME
do these markers ever need to be replaced and if yes where can they be purchased
Estates rocket
Is the launcher any different for the super high performance vs the ultra? Wondering if a new launcher is needed if already own ultra.
I am looking to purchase for my three boys. Wondering which model to purchase - this one or the Ultra model? Anyone have any experience with both?
Super high performance stomp rocket recommended age 16 and up. What about a 12 year old? Ultra stomp rocket recommended age 8 or the high performance?
if you buy two will they have different frequencies and run side by side okay
, how long does to battery need to charge before the next use
I bought a PX 16 Strom Engine Mosquito Racing Boat 32" Catermaran R/C Jet NQD Ship from dreamaurala. My problem is everytime I hit the trigger on the transmiter the boat will go 5 ft and shut down. It does this without fail. What could be wrong wiht...
WHAT IS THE OPERATING DISTANCE ?
does it have reverse
how fast does it go?
What is the drive dog size
is it 2.4 ghz or old school style
I purchased one and within 5min. prop nut came off. cant seem to find any parts. Any body know were to get parts? Need the brass drive dog and nut.
I need parts: Propellers, nust, washers, and propeller callers for PX-16. Where can I buy some?
Please compare and explain difference between the following $66.89 Western Mah Jong in burgundy bag sold by wwg and $88.50 &amp; $157.60 ?
Does it come with racks and pushers?
im confused. you say it comes with racks but not pushers. in the next sentence you say yes pushers.
what is the difference between american and western set mahjongg ?
Does it include the pushers or not?
How thick are the tiles? Please measure, 1/2 inch or 3/4 inch?
Is the bag made of canvas or a sponge-like puffy material?
What are the dimensions of the tiles?
How many jokers &amp; flowers are in the set? Does it come with pushers?
Is it possible to buy racks that hold all the tiles for each player
worth the money
what hp pokemon cards are in the set
Are these first generation cards?
Are these authentic
does it contain energy cards ?
Are any the same
Were there pokemon cards that were higher than 100 hp
How many cards do you get?
Do you get the cards shown?
are theyr any duplacits
Does the rear axel require sercice
Does this E325 model really have "variable speed acceleration"?
Can you fold the e325?
I am 6'4" so I am wandering in the handle bars adjustable for taller people?
Can E325 use in Singapore?our voltage is not the same.
What is the difference between the e300 &amp; e325? Other than about $20?
which is the maximum weight it can support?
Maximo wheight?
Does the rear axel require service
Does it collapse for travel and storage?
Neo Tracks / iPlay track compatibility: Is it possible to combine Neo Tracks and IPlay track pieces on one track?
I saw a set similar to this on a shopping channel. It came with a storage bag. Does this set have a way to store the pieces?
How do you change the batteries? I've removed both little screws and nothing budges.
Just how small are these pieces? Can a 3 yr. old put this together?
What age is recommended?
Can these cars pull hair out like a reviewer said of the Kidzoozie cars?
Can these be used with Twister Trax? Are the tracks similar?
Where can I get the additional tracks?
batteries
Are the tracks for cars and the tracks for trains interchangeable?
how many Swim noodles come when you order one
Can you clarify the diameter measurement? Outside edge to outside edge and center hole diameter.
I would like to order 12 blue noodles. Can I pick the color?
how may pounds will one noodle hold afloat?
Is this easy to hang on a wall?
Are the weather cards also in Spanish?
Are there the cards "Today', "Yesterday", and "Tomorrow"?
Are all numbers, months, week days and weather card included in this? Or do you have to buy them separately and this is just the chart itself?
Are the months and days of the week capitalized in Spanish? Hoping not. Please let me know.
What is the size of the plastic pockets where you put the numbers? I have 2 11&frasl;16" x 2 11&frasl;16" calendar cards. Will they fit in the plastic pockets?
Are all of the cards pre-cut?
How many and which holiday cards are included?
How many blank cards are included for personalizing events?
Is it in the year of 2014 and up
Does this truck come with the controller as well or does a seperate controller need to be purchased?
What are the specs on the motor?
is it brushless ready with metal gears
does it come with a charger?
does it come with a charger
do you have to buy a battery for the rc truck?
do you have to build in the motor?
is it a 4x4
is it the normal sized or the small one
Is it 4 or 2 wheel drive and is it waterproof ?
About how many come in an order
Probably a dumb question. How realistic are these? I want to fasten one next to the front door handle to discourage people from hanging fliers there.
Someone said they a little bigger than a quarter. Is that the body or ends of legs?
How many spiders came in the pack?
Is this compatible with the puzzle box from hellraiser?
My ex-girlfriend says the baby is mine, can this help me prove it isn't? Or at the very least, help my golf game? I smell burnt marshmallows.
what is this thing i dont get it. what is it for?
is it hard to build
Dimensions of completed construction of: Nanoblock Himeji Castle, Kaminarimon, and Torii of Itsukushima
Are the instructions in english??
Does it have any kind of brakes?
How much does the bike really weigh? Product specs says it weighs 22 lbs, but then the product details says its 28.9 lbs with shipping weight of 29.9
Would this be rideable for a 38" 3 year old?
does this have a cross bar in the back to add a doll seat??
Is there any assembly required?
Is it the right size: We love the John Deere one but am not sure what size is right for the 3 year old?
Does smartpool honor the warranty if purchased online? I know they used to (current owner, mine died for the second time, first time &lt;1yr, now in 3rd yr), but on the smartpool.com website they have put up notices that online purchasing voids the...
For a 90 days refurbished unit warranty, who should pay the shipping fee?
How well does it clean gunite steps inside pool?
Can I buy replacement filter bags
does she have a cloth body
Is she full silicone?
Can you by a pacifier on Amazon
Can you put shoes on her if so what size?
Where can you buy the pacifier that she wears?
Can you cone her hair gently?
Can you cone her hair gently?
Does she lactate?
If she doesn't have a magnet in her head how does she take her paci please tell me I really want to order her but I need to know first!!!!!
can you bath her
How many balls do you need to fill the jump O Lene?
howw do i find leaks and where can i get patches?
what is the best way to prevent rip, and deflation?
when kids are done jumping and playing on it,it can be quickly deflated and put away right??
Can it be put outside
Does it come with the blower
can u use plastic balls with this toy
Would like to know the size and weight of the packaged product for shipment.
Height of side wall: How high are the side walls?
Does it come with a pump?
can i use this Neewer&Acirc;&reg; B3 AC 100-240V 2S-3S Cells 7.4V 11.1V Lipo Battery Balancer Charger to charge this battery?
Will this fit into the 1/16 revo with no modifications to the batter box or doors?
Hello, Will this work and fit with my Latrax Teton (#76054-1)? I apprieciate any details you know. Thank you.
Will this work on a losi mini 8ight t
can i use this on my miss geico 17
Will this fit the Latrax SST? thanks
Will it work with my slash 2wd xl-5 if I program it to this type of battery?
Will this work with Himoto RC's. Specifically the Himoto 1/18 SCALE MONSTER TRUCK?http://www.amazon.com/gp/produc...
Does anyone use this with the 1/16 Summit VXL?
can i use this with a 1/16 e revo
How wide is the neck at the nut?
Please verify dimensions...the description says 47" in length. This seems long for a 1/2 size guitar.
does this have strap holder knobs and is the top solid spruce? how does it hold up? and is is 33 or 31"
steel strings???
does it have a solid top
Does this guitar come strung with nylon strings?
Are these durable enough to gift to a preschool? How do you wash the cloth/soft body?
IS the clothing removable?... I'm looking forward on buying a couple of these dolls.
Does the doll's eyes open and close?
Are there small pieces to this doll? It says choking hazard. What would cause that?
can she suck pacifier or her thumb?
What other clothes can this baby doll wear?
Is she soft
We are looking for a doll with the following specifications. Does this doll meet them? no hair, eyes that open and close, has no openings, we do not want it to take in water. What material is the body made of - hard to tell with clothes on. Thank you.
What does this doll smell like? It is described as a scented doll. Anyone know if its a natural fragrance?
Recommended Age
Is it machine washable?
The description says that it is scented. Is it a strong smell? What scent is it?
Does this baby suck its thumb or can I buy additional accessories like a bottle or binky that will fit this doll? If so, which brands? Thx
does it have hair?
do the baby's eyes close when it's laying down?
The face looks like it could be girl or boy. Are comments about the gender of the doll driven by color of clothing?
It says "Soft body", is the body made of muslin and cotton fill?
Would the hispanic doll pass for south asian as well?
Does the hat come off or is it glued on?
How durable are these dolls? Would it survive life at a preschool?
Can you choose the color of the clothing? I want to purchase the Hispanic doll, which seems to be dressed in blue. Can I get it in the purple outfit?
Can you choose the color of the clothing? I want to purchase the Hispanic doll, which seems to be dressed in blue. Can I get it in the purple outfit?
So does this doll have brown eyes ? Not happy about no choice of pink or blue.
I need the boy doll pictured but the reviews all say its a girl. Is there a boy one for sale as well?
Where can I find baby clothes that fit this doll?
Does the doll have any hair under its hat? Or is it bald?
How do we specify that we want a girl hispanic doll?
Can I purchase extra metal clips for the boat my son loss one?
HOW LONG BEFORE BATTERY NEEDS RECHARGE?
Can you buy the black plastic part that connects the shaft to the motor?
can it go in salt water
first time out both nuts backed off and lost props and dogs.Can you get new parts?
Can I upgrade the motors and reciver and were to buy
I want buy drive dog and rubber ring?
Does this boat have a reverse function ? Thank You.
Can 3 of these race over same course? Ie., are 3 frequencies available?
How fast does it go
Hello- could you tell me where the reset button is?
I'm very interested in getting this item but first would ou be able to tell me if the ship has he proper Starfleet markings on the Nacells?
dose the saucer section separate
Does the package have a stand/display mount?
Is this the same ship as the Star Trek TNG Enterprise D Ship that is sold out on Think Geek? I am a grandma hunting for grandson for Christmas LOST
I would like to know which variant All Good Things Ship you are selling?The issue with updated paint scheme or the first issue release?
what is the length of this vessel?
How long (in inches) are the pens?
does it come with a cap on the end?
Color of the ink, please? The only color I already have too much of is black ink.
Is it possible to order a few dozen of these pens and only get purple and pink?
i have a stock brushed 1/16 mini revo will this work with nothing else with it besides a lipo
Will this run my 11.1v Lipo battery it's a 3 cell and if so would the motor burn if I take it for full runs?
can i put this in a savage xs
so I can run it on my slash 1/16, its waterproof, right?!
Can I use this on my Traxxas 71054 E-REVO? Do I need anything else?
Can i put this in my losi mini 8ight? and whats the shaft sise
can i put this in my traxxas slash?
Is this motor water proof
so this can go on a traxxas slash 4x4 1/16 scale. Would I need anything else to go with it, I do have a lipo battery
3370 veloneon VXL-3m is 4 pole or 2 pole motor ?
it's a 1 bottle that cost $16.95 or its by the dozen?. thanks?
Is this product BPA free?
Hello....What are the width of the cups at there widest point which appears to be 1/2 way between the stripes and the bottom....Thanks
are the BPA free?
what's the size of the bottle?
how big is it
Do you build it or is it already built
What is the plane made of : hard plastic or that styrofoam whach breaks unless you land it perfectly.
Is this airplaine indoor or outdoor ?
does is actually fly?
where can i buy more batteries for
how to charge the battery
box where they sell, what size is it?
for beginers?
where can i get a battery for super sonic rc model airplane r/c syma 9399 training plane arf
Where to find replacement balls for infant toys? Has anyone run into this problem?
What size are the balls?
What is the size of the box the toy comes in?
Can you use it without playing the music?
what is the item # for this toy. i need to buy extra balls.
I was giving this as a gift.Why didn't it come in a box as pictured in the ad?
Hi, could anyone tell me what the appropriate age is for this toy? My lil girl is 10 months old, she sits up, stands and almost walks. Thanks!
what's the difference between this one and the pink Playskool Busy Ball Popper other than the color?
what kind of battery does it take?
Extra balls for Playskool popper? Does anyone know where to get extra balls for the Playskool Explore and Grow Busy Ball Popper?
Is there any assemby required
Will a 2-year old enjoy this toy, or would it be better for a younger kid? Thanks!
Battery size?
how does this ball popper differ from the busy ball explore and grow popper? thanks, Elaine
Can anyone tell me how to reorder replacement balls for this toy?
Is it BPA free
is this the true Signature toy story collection one WITH the Cert of Authenticity? MADE by Thinkway?
Is this the Thinkway Toy Buzz or just a "boring" Buzz, since I already got a normal one 2 years ago...
toy speaks Spanish?
Hello! I had two questions about this artiulo. Do free shipping to Spain? is new, with the original envoltrio? Thanks a greeting
How is the packing box?Have a photo?
is this the true Signature toy story collection one WITH the Cert of Authenticity?Is new?Packaging is the blue label? MADE by Thinkway?
Does this Buzz Lightyear come in the spaceship box?
How tall is buzz
How many sayings does buzz have
How big is this model and will a real trekkie know the diffence
does it have the landing struts like all the other models?
Does this model include the small shuttle craft for the back of the model?
is normal to exceed the estimated delivery time? Bought in June 16, 2014 and not yet received.
What is the scale on this model?
what is the model number?
Is this the 1995 or the 1997 model?
Is this model already assembled and painted?
Is this a model you have to put together or is it a toy?
Does it have decals or do you have to paint absolutely everything
Does this not come w/ box or batteries &amp; is new ?
does this toy take 2 c size batteries
how do you know what color you are getting?
where is it made?
Is this already assembled?
Does this model come with a stand?
Is there a good 3rd party replacement stand for this or a way to strengthen the existing stand? The ball and socket joint doesn't inspire confidence.
DOes this item come with a stand? I want this but need a stand to display it
What version did you recieve when you ordered it through Amazon this past year? Is it the latest Diamond Select version that was released in 2013?
Do they all have the warping on the saucer that's shown under the 1701? I've seen video reviews and the majority have this warp.
Can someone post a well-lit picture of the ship on its stand? And no more photos of hairy hands, thanks.
Is this the same exact model (same manufacturer) sold by ThinkGeek?
Is this the 2013 version?
Mine just does one sound always the same sound. How can I fix this?
Using real hamster balls and cars for zhu zhu: Has anyone tried putting a zhu zhu pet in a ball made for a real hamster or the critter car?
what does the lever/switch do on the bottom? i have sort of an old one..
mindflex: Will Mindfflex be in stock before Christmas?
What is the material of the window?
Have plastic sheets with 2" x 2" pockets (HE HARRIS # 09748) that fit into a binder. Would these holders fit inside the pockets or are they too thick?
Does it hold all different sized coins? I have a lot of coins very big and some extremely small.
I am looking for a double coin holder - cardboard, to hold 2 state coins-wedding souvenir-do you have available ?
mylar?
Do I bend them with the plastic on the outside or in the inside?
do these fit the current dollar coins Sacagawea and Presidential dollar coins?
will these work for 1926- 1860 silver dollars?
Do these fit the Kennedy half dollar? Thanks!
are these flips PVC free?
Will these fit American Silver Eagles?
Will 1oz silver bullion coins work with these holders?
Can quarters fit in there fine? I know that it would look a little weird but I'm just wondering
Will they hold a standard casino poker chip
Do you have individual coin sleeved to fit a typical sized mardi gras doubloon? It's about 1.5 inches wide.
Why aren't the coin folders listed as to what they fit LARGE is for Silver Eagles--next size down fits silver dollars and the small dollars are for Susan B Anthony or Sacagawea dollars. They are also measured in mm. 38 morgan--40 silver eagle etc.
Width of the tiles - 2/16 or 3/16?
Is this the same as rummikub game?
my husband is color blind and can't see the red and green. Any suggestions of what we could do with the tiles?
my husband is color blind and can't see the red and green. Any suggestions of what we could do with the tiles?
Are the stones made of plastic or uria?
Does this go up to 13? Displays only to 10.
does this game come with happy faces
Are instructions included?
Does this come with 4 plastic racks?
Does it come with it's own LED GN Drive?
lol someone put a no grade 1/100 exia box and the cheap price. that got me confused... Is this an authentic BANDAI 1/100 MASTER GRADE Gundam Exia?
Where can I get replacement parts?
Does this one come with the 2 extra swords?
how tall this kit is?
so if i got ignition mode, does the part there work on this kit to make a repair version?
This is the master grade version correct? there is a customer image with the plain 1/100 box....
does it come with an LED unit?
Does it come with a pilot figure?
Does it come with all those kitchen items?
does it come with food
Does this set have sound effects?
Is this made of plastic or wood? What is the height and width of assembled set (as seen in picture)?
Dose it come with food
Does it fit on the bottom floor of the Our Generation Wooden Dollhouse?
what is the real size?
Do both sides of the fridge open? Does the freezer open?
Is this the same as the Our Generation Gourmet Kitchen Play Set that's selling for $90 on Amazon. Does it have all the items?
can 2 year kids play with this by standing?
Would this help for preserving some art drawings and paintings from smudging or discoloration?
Can I use it on a porcelain bathtub?
Can I use on my pooltable?
Put down Rust-oleum Epoxy Shield Garage Floor Kit with gloss formula, but part of project did not gloss. Will this spray gloss in clear correct it?
Can we Spray Jeans?
Will it work for garden gnomes and stepping stone (Resin)?
can it be applied over duco (lacquer paint) as a clear gloss
Will it prevent a stainless steel wire shower shelf (inside of shower) from rusting?
Can I use this on a stainless steel water bottle?
Can I put this on my shoes so they stay clean?
What size batteries does the controller / charger need?
How big is it?
how fast
how fast
Can two cars run at the same time? Can u change the radio channels? Can the same two color cars run at the same time?
how fast is it ?
do the real batteries in the controller last a long time?
how fast
hi i just bought one and it was green its missing a screw on the back side and the wing is cracked i pulled it from case this way what do i do
is it authentic konami merchandise
is it holographic
is it authentic konami merchandise
How many holes does it have in total?
Does it comes with the coins?
do you glue the coins in?
My quarters are layered in 24 karat gold, and encased in plastic, making them about 1/8" larger all the way around. Would they fit?
I see 3 lines of printing on each state. What does it say for each state? It's too small to view on-line.
What does the cover look like?
can anyone give any tips for how to insert the quarters? just got this for my son and we're having trouble figuring out how to remove the state seals.
Is IT possible to order this map fromout Holland? What do I pay for sending IT to me
Is this for coins from 1999 to 2009? Or is it from 2010 to 2021? Thanks!
I'm having hard time to find all of them, and get limited time to send it to my friend abroad. Is there any way I can find certain coins quickly?
does it light up
What is the size?
We did not receive this product...Is there anything that we can do about this at this point?
does it come with gumballs?
Do you have to use a coin or can you just turn it and the gumball comes out?
I'm looking for a nice plastic gum ball machine to use at school. It will have mancala stones in it with high frequency words. Is this the best one?
Can you pick the price per gumball?
Does it lock the money and the gumballs
what is the ingredients?
is this metal or plastic
does it accept quarters or what???
can you use it with candy other than gumballs like m&amp;m's or skittles?
This doesn't look like the original just from seeing the 'Chance' and 'Community Chest' cards. Can anyone who has played the 'original' answer please?
Is this actually from 1990? Or is this a remade version. My friend is a collector and very particular about every little detail.
is the new token a cat?
do they come in an indiviual package?
Are the batteries replaceable?
How do you "turn them on" or get them to go? I got them today, just loose in a padded envelope. No idea how to get them to go.
How long does it take to get to Memphis TN USA
is this a commercial quality product or just for the home usage
Can one child rock in the middle (or is a partner required)?
What is the age range for this Rocker?
The discription has a choking hazard warning due to small parts. What "small parts" are there for a child to choke on?
Is this going to blow away outside? I am looking for something to put outdoors and live in southwest Kansas.
would a 6 years old 45 pound kid be too large to use with a 16 month old?
Would you this rocker tip over sideways if the child leans? Or is the base wide enough?
Has anyone tried this with a one and two year old? Is the one year old really too young?
will these fit on the rustler
how many pice for this. 2 or 4
will these work for a SCX10?
Is the sale for one rim or two?
what is the hex size in mm
Does this come with the battery and battery charger or is that sold seperately?
Did it come with a rechargeable battery? Did it come with a battery charger or did you buy it separately
Is this come with parental remote controller?
I lost the charger, can anyone tell me the brand or model or something equivalent that I could get please!
How long is the warranty and they offer extended warranty
how big are the dimensions? It really won't fit in car? Toys R Us offers pick up for this- how does anyone pick them p then?
What is the dimensions of the box it ships in? Need to know if it will fit in my trunk!!
Please help. Do you mind sending me a copy of the manual if you still have it, I bought mine on 2011 and is not working and the manufacturer hasn't
Does this have doors that open and close?
Is assembly required?
weight limit?
This may be a stupid question but would a 12volt Fisher price battery work in this?
I seemed to have misplaced the charger for this vehicle does anyone know where I can purchase one Amazon doesn't seem to have any and the battery I ha
is there a parent remote control
is there a warranty with this product?
How do you change it from the 2.5 speed to the 5? I can't find my book! Please help!
What is age limit on this car?
It does not state in the descripition that their is a remote. Are you saying yes their is a remote?
the extra battery and charger are just additional if you want ? please answer about remote control. Does car come witha remote control?
Does this product come with a battery and charger ? Does this car have a remote control that parents can use until child learns to drive?
The description says features off road styling but does it run on grass?
how does the charger plug in
can a 6 volt be converted to 12 volt? which of these would be best for 5-7 year olds?
my neice is 3...is it worth getting now?
How do you charge it?
good morning I write from venezuela, could my baby from twoo years old use it? I hope your answer! thank you!
Is the power button on the steering wheel (push botton) or is it on the floor like a gas pedal?
Would a 4' tall child fit in this?
What are the shipping dimensions of the box it comes in? Would be grateful if anyone could let me know! I need to take on a plane.
Hello owners, does this car comes with a remote control?
Does this come with a little bag to hold the fish? How big are the fish?
how long is the pole?
This is a cute fishing set, BUT are the fish waterproof?
Are any of your fish (1 of the orange and 1 of the green) faded in color making it hard to see the number on the back?
What is the best age for this game?
how long Is the chord of the fishing rod?
I received this as a gift and the fish have the numbers 1,2,3,4,5,1,2,3,4,5,10. Does anyone else have a set that doesn't count all the numbers?
CAN YOU USE THESE IN WATER
Is the product safe to play in water?
what is the qty for the advertized price?. i see two in the picture but have been misled by a picture on here more than once.
how many tires do you get for 1552
does anyone know if these wheels fit on a 1/10 4x4 traxxas slash?
can these go on the front of the rustler?
Does the set come with a doubling cube?
When packed, do the pieces shift around and get mixed up?
Designed in Germany. Made in? China?
The dice look like the corners aren't rounded, do they roll well? Or did you need to replace them?
What is the diameter of the checkers?
what is the wing span?
Could someone suggest a compatible flight simulator for this model? I would like to buy spare batteries, what specs should i look for?
Where was this model plane made ?
Cessna 182 Pro Deluxe Electric RTF RC Plane, w/ 2.4 Radio &amp; Rx, BRAND NEW!!! some model other vedors say 38+ wing span on amazon specs say 32.5 wingspan same model. reserch was done Who is correct??????
Battery: the battery is 2200 mah or 1800????
can it turn
Can you add senors to this ?
Could this support a Nikon D90 camera for time-lapse photography?
How large is this when assembled? Thanks!
How easily could servos be attached?
we prurchased this but the gears aren't turning. the motor is working perfectly but the gears aren't turning. how do i fix this problem???
I want to add a support platform on top of this kit to place some circuit components like raspbery/arduino?
Can I use an Arduino to control this?
How do you control the tracks? Is there some sort of remote or something?
Is it a 1:10 scale body?
Is it a 1:10 scale body?
Does it also come with the remote control
I would like to use the puppet to entertain my infant, which means I need to operate it with my big hands. is that possible?
What age range is this good for. I have 7 &amp; 5
Does this puppet have the wooden stick attachment to move his hands??
big enough for adult hands?
How large is this puppet?
Is this puppet a good quality? .
Can he be used without the stick?
does the light have a turn off switch to use without LED
i want to look at flowers and plants in details is this a good choice?
I just received this product and mine makes a rattling sound. It almost seems like the glass is loose. Has anyone else had that issue?
What is the actual size of the lens?
lanyard loop?
How many cards come with this game?
how many playing cards does it come with
how many cards are in the set?
Is this death star operational?
Is this a faithful reproduction?
Are we sure this is a death star and not a small moon?
Does this death star have the thermal exhaust port that Luke Skywalker uses to destroy it, or have they found a way to patch that weakness?
Is there a risk of a slight weapons malfunction?
Is the battle station fully operational?
Is there a kit available to convert this to an awesome chandelier?
When may I fire the superlaser?
Have the security flaws that were part of the first two designs been removed in this version of the Death Star?
Did the old man shut down the tractor beam before the boxed it?
what age is this for
What are the measurements of this toy?
can doll face either direction or only toward basket like in the photo
Did anyone else find that the plastic on the handle area was rough and uneven?
does this shopping cart come in original fisher price box, shopping cart is a gift
Will this toy transport easily in a car to take shopping, etc.?
Wheels keep coming off? Hi, did this happen to anyone else? We just put it together and the purple wheels are consistently falling off.
It shows the Teddy Bear facing backwards. Are there leg holes to face frontwards?
What dimension us this before assemble, I have to put it in a suitcase and wonder if it will fit.
Does the front wheels swivel?
What's the height and width of this shopping cart? I'd love to buy this for my 19mo boy.
Do the wheels roll well on hardwood floors?
Does this cart have a plug on the bottom that you can fill with sand to make it more sturdy? I've read that the Little Tikes one does.
Does it come with the food as shown?
Does this shopping cart make noise? I'm hoping not.
is this toy made in the USA?
where is this toy manufactured
Out of curiosity, what are the dimensions of the basket?
Would this be good for a one year old?
How tall is the handle? (Basically how many inches from floor to handle.)
How loud is the blower for this item? I'm thinking about using this in my basement.
is the blower included?
What are the dims. on this product?
How big is this bouncer? Can you please provide the length, width and height (in feet)? Thank you!
Are the sides enclosed with mesh, or are they open?
What is the nose made of? Is the nose durable and soft?
Can it fit Build a Bear clothes?
Is it 12" high in sitting position (bottom to head)? OR 12" when legs down (foot to head)?
Does this have any beans in it?
is it machine washable?
Does this pig have a tail?
About how many dime size coins will these hold? Planning a party with pirate coins so need to find bags that will hold 50 or so.
Will a gift card fit in one of these coin purses?
Is this lot of 12 mixed or can you choose 12 of one print?
Does anyone have the dimensions of this item?
Will this vest fit a 2.5 year old boy, approx. 31lbs? Also, can the tool bel be detached at all?
Does this also come with a tape measure?
does the helmet have an adjustable band in it?
How old does it fit?
Is the hat in this set made out of thin, flimsy plastic or is it durable? Thanks in advance!
Does it fit ages 4 and 5
Is the tool belt detachable?
So does it come with a tool belt?
vest size
what age is appropriate for this product?
If I order two can you send two different frequency remotes?
What is the propeller size
can I select which frequency to use...I need something other than 27mhz
Can it be righted after tipping over?
Does have reverse
Is there a low battery indicator ?
antenna location
What is the operating frequency of the Transmitter and receiver?
does it run in salt water
how fast can it go
how fast does it go????
Can this be used in salt water as well?
How do I request two different frequencies when I place an order for two boats? Also, are there different colors available? I am buying for my twins to use at the same time.
The write-up says this has a 7.2V Ni-Cd battery, but owners (in the battery question section) say it is a 7.2V Ni-Mh. What is correct?
Does it have revers?
boat only runs in reverse. has anyone had this happen to them
Is this boat made of a hard or soft flexible plastic?
how to remove propellor shaft
just bought this for my nephew. battery won't charge. how do I go about getting him a replacement battery? thank you
After 8 minutes the boat stopped. We let it cool down and charged the batteries. Now the boat doesn't react to the remote.Do you know how to fix this?
I have a new slash 2x4 with titon power and bought the new brushless and esc kit to replace. Do I need a mounting plate to install or will I be ok?
how fast will my traxxas bandit go with a 8.4v 3000mah and this motor
if I install the velineon system can I run the brushed titan motor as well, should something break on the brushless and i cant get a replacement fast
I just bought a Exceed legion 10, will this kit be a good upgrade? I will be using a Ni-MH 5000 Ni-MH.
Does this include the on/off switch? If not which would be recommended?? thx
would you get this over the Castle Creations Sidewinder SCT Combo
is this only compatible with traxxas r/c's? could i install it in an exceed rally monster or a redcat sandstorm?
will this fit on my traxxas e maxx?
Will this repace the 12T brushed motor on my Traxxas slash 2wd?
Does it work well with stock transmission?
This is trusted for levitation tricks, right? Not some sewing gimmick?
aproximately how many loops can be made from the thread
is the 40 feet of string one continuous string? if not, how long is each strand?
is this ivisible ELASTIC thread or just invisible thread
This is trusted for levitation tricks, right? Not some sewing gimmick?
This is trusted for levitation tricks, right? Not some sewing gimmick?
what is the wax for
Is this the same invisible elastic thread as Mesika's elastics or in other words, the same invisible elastic thread designed for Mesika Loops?
can you wear a white shirt and still use it?
Whayt is the length of thread
How many blocks in the set?
Do they come with a bag for storage?
Can I spell out Jasper?
Can I spell out Tabitha?
Can you spell "CARTER"?
Can I spell out Luke?
Can I spell out Brooks?
Can I spell out "girl" or "boy"
Can I spell out the name Olivia with these blocks?? Thank you!!
Can I spell out Emma, Hunter, and Baby with these blocks successfully?
how fast can it go
!n this boat is possible use aftermarket electronics to replace the originals ,as remote control,speed control and receiver?can i change the motors for a pair of 20 or 27 T ?
will u take 30 plus shipping cost
how long can it run for ?
both motors wont run at the same time what is the problem i got it at christmas time for my grandson
Why are the yellow colored parts on this figure yellow? They are supposed to be pink, are they not? He never has yellow on his arms, but pink.
what are the accsseries?
Does this come in original packaging? Also, if it does, what language is the packaging?
This figure is fully painted? or need it to paint yourself
Hi, what do you sent I get a bad impression about that model without colors, If I buy it I wouldnt like to get that uncolor action figure, what u sent
Please ignore my last question, didn't realize this was manga colors specifically. The SDCC version, his face looks babyish. Can I switch their heads?
when you get it is his arm very loose
If I buy this toy I will have a toy with color or one that is uncolored? Or are they two, one colored and one uncolored?
does it shoot
does it shoot
How do you know when to take the battery off of the charger?
How long is the battery life and how long are you suppose to charge it.
is it remote control
What is the range?
How many planes and helicoter come with it
what kind of batteries does it use?
OK, where is the on switch? The box says to turn on the switch/power rod. There is a decal on the outboard side but no button/switch
how fast does it go
where is the on switch
how big is the boat
I need to purchase 2 RC boats that are on separate frequencies. Are the 30" challenger and 31" ($42.18) on separate frequencies?
could it be used in calm saltwater or would it sese
what is the operating range
how fast does it go
What type of battery is needed to power the boat?
how much miles per hour does it go
Can you change the frequency the boat operates on after purchase?
one of the motors is not working how do I fix it?
Does this tank have a metal engine or plastic engine? Moreover, does it have a 2000 mAH battery, or 1700 mAH battery?
MFG?
Does this tank have more speeds than just forward, fast forward, reverse, and fast reverse?
i have a question, those this tank shoots airsoft bb and with a commander on the commander's hatch and other designs
is this tank metal other than the tracks? is the barrel metal? is it a good purchase?
is this tank really made in USA?
is this tank really made in USA?
Are these at all usable on carpet?
is this already assembled?
I bought a set of these a while back, but the batteries (NiCAD) no longer hold a charge. Can I purchase replacement batteries (preferably NiMH)?
I asked if they make a machine gun noise..I have 3 yes and 2 no....can someone add to this? It's important to know this. Thanks
batteries?
Does this have two or one tank included?
Can you run 4 tanks? So are there different channels?
Does it shoot BB's?
any idea where to get a replacement antenna. One is lost and we are so sad about it!
How big are the Tanks?
Could a regular sized Barbie doll fit inside?
Do the doors open?
would it pull a raido ranger on a trailer?is it strong enough?
do you have a white or pearl white (beige)?!?!
Does the lit
I have to have one in black color. Can it be ordered by color? Thank you.
batteries needed
How many and what type of batteries does it take?
does the body come off
can the car go through mud with bigger tires
If I purchased the item today will I receive it before Christmas Day
do the doors open or trunk?
does it plug in to charge?
can you put a plow on it
does the car take any batteries
what type of channel is the remote
can it go through rocks and water/mud?
Can it go off road
what are the dimensions of these sleeves, in inches?
Are these protectors clear on both sides?
My son want's to use these for yugioh cards would he be able to see the back of the cards
Would you recommend these for the card game Gloom, whose cards themselves are transparent because they have to be layered as you play the game?
Do pokemon cards fit in there?
Can these cover the standard Ultra Pro colored back sleeves (as in double deck protector with the colored back under the clear one)?
it will fit for my little pony ccg?
Will these work for Magic the Gathering cards?
Do each of the sleeves have the Ultra Pro authenticity sticker on the bottom of it?
are these good for double sleeveing cards?
does it work good
What is the RC frequency? 27 or 49MHz?
What style of remote is it?
There are two different photos. Which one is the one that would ship?
what is the radio frequency?
What kind of batteries does it use in the controller?
how fast does it go?
The title says red and the description says yellow-Which is It?
What is physical size of the car/is it good for street racing
What is the distance?
Is this box better then the original to get as a first time Dominion player or should I get the original first and add this?
If I have this game, do I need to have the base dominion game in order to play other expansion games?
If I buy Intrigue, do I need to by the base dominion game first?
What is the best expansion pack to get for Dominion?
Do sleeved cards fit in the game box?
is it food safe?
does it come with clay
can you use any kind of refill clay?
What kind of batteries are needed for this pottery wheel
in comparison to what is G gauge?
where is this train set manufactured?
what is g or o guage
does it emit smoke?
is the wheels made out of metel.I wont one that can go fast and last long
Do you feel it's necessary to spend the money on the rechargeable batteries right away?
How many trains and what is the size of the track?
What are the trains made out of? How many track and how many trains come with the set?
How tall are the figurines?
How long does it take to get here? I'm thinking about ordering these this week, and I need to know if they will get here before Christmas.
does this come with 7 small figurines and 5-7 smaller items on clips? Does this item come with everything shown in the photo?
What are the specs on the blower?
BUYING would send THROUGH A VENEZUELA CURRIER THAT I entrust IN MIAMI?
They shipments to Venezuela and shipping box that has dimensions and weight in pounds?
Hi, Deflated in the box dimensions have?
Whta it the warranty??
what is the weight capicity?
If it rained, would it get in the bounce house? I see it looks to be mostly covered?
My husband and I would also like to use the bounce house, a way to get some exercise with our daughter. Would you recommend also for adult use?
good afternoon I wonder how heavy this complete package. To know how to get the shipping Venezuela
Is this a residential item or commercial?
can it use to hold lego mini figure as well
what is the heigth between selves and depth of the cabinet?
are these shelfs addjustable/?
Do Nascar diecast fit in this display case?
What do you recommend to hold the cars in place so that they don't slide on the shelf? Thanks
Hi, is it glass or plastic ?
What is the depth of the shelves?
What is the weigh , Heigth and how wide if the cabinet ?
I bought one sometime ago ,installed the batteries and that's it, lights go on,but don't do a thing what can I do to make it run?
does it shoot
is it durabele
about how long does the battery last? and are the guns just for detail and can you buy new battery 's at the store
what rang dose it have
What MHz is it? And could it handle a small lake?
how fast is it
What frequency is it?
THe battery box cover has "vanished". Any ideas for replacement either purchased or home made?
is there a rechargeable battery available, so as to have longer "play" time?
I tested my battery, it is charged, but when installed into the tank, no response from the tank ... any suggestions? Are there any lights on the tank
How well does it shoot the airsoft bbs
will it work on carpet?
is it dangerous?
does it shoot a bb? if so would it hurt to be shot?
what is the range /
how many fps?
is it airsoft and infrared
Is there in aim
What's the battery life?
is it glass or plastic?
I am interested in ordering 65 of these? Do you have that many in stock? What will the shipping be to 30066? How soon can I get them?
How many do you have? I am interested in bulk.
how long does it take to recharge?
the tank is a tiger tank right?
do i need green gas to fire the gun or not?
And the bullets come with the tank right?
How many bullets come with the tank?
And is the tank made out of metal or hard plastic?
can you move the tank's turret on the remote automatically or do you have to move it?
Does this boat have and electronic speed control (variable speed) or is it just one speed?
Does this boat include down riggers and fish finder?
Is this a metal boat or plastic one?
What is diffence between Radio Ranger 34" B002HKCEAA and Radio Ranger 34" B00415NW6O?
is it good for sea fishing where waves around?
How long do you charge the boat battery?
What should I do to stop the propellers from falling off the rods? The rotation causes them to come right off.
I need to replace prop nut and bushing. Can anyone tell me where to purchase and maybe the sizes? Thanks in advance
Can you ride even without the line. Just go for free rides with no fish.
Does the boat flip when you caught a fish. How can i add reverse
Does it come with anchors? One reviewer said it came with anchors and another reviewer said the anchors need to be purchased separately. Thanks!
Are the swing seats flexible or molded? If molded, how wide is actual seat area?
this was shipped without instructions. how can i get them?
How wide is the inside of the slide on which the kid sits and slides?
How high is the slide?
When assembled, what is the length and depth?
Is this rain proof? what is the age group of kids that it is desgined for?
What would be the minimum safe dimensions to safely use the swings in a fenced-in yard?
Uh...Is this a recalled set? More than 100,000 Flexible Flyer Swing Sets are being recalled after more than 1200 reports of the see-saw seats breakin
Is the doll with the brown eyes and the round open mouth available? And is it possible to specify that when ordering?
I am interested in one of these dolls. Which facial expressions are available? Are any of the dolls Hispanic? Thanks!
Do you have the doll on the bottom right available
Do you have the doll on the bottom right or the top right available
Do you have the second one from the left at the bottom.
Do you have the doll on the bottom right available
Do you have the 2nd doll in the top row available?
Do you have the one pictured on the top right available - - brown eyes, and I believe the thumb goes in the mouth?
Looking for the 5" berenguer dolls
do i get all these dolls or just one?
I ordered this for a friend's child and shipped it to him without any batteries. How many will it need?
is it durable? I got one (not this one) for my grandchild and it was so cheap and poorly made no durability at all a wheel holding was already broken
how or were can i buy a 6.4 volt battery for my truck???????????????
How about the battery play time duration on indoor gaming. I just buy one for my son but Full charged battery is only for 15-20 minutes play.:(
Do you have the F-150 in green?
Is this a 6V battery for the truck?
what is the speed
speed
I am only interested in Model # 4310. Is it available?
size?
No instructions came with table. How do I level the legs? Use a wrench on the wheels?
What are the dimensions of the table when in the postion for storage?
Can the Inside Joola be used and stored in the garage, in particular with the Florida heat and humidity?
Can the height on this table be adjusted?
I want to get this for a gift and was wondering if the package arrives with NO sign or indication of what is inside/
Is the table top sturdy. Does the blue paint chip easily ?. Trying to decide between this and the Stiga 185.
I am asking if that table comes with all tools needed to assemble; also, whether it comes with net or not?
Does it come with a warranty?
How big room fit the table ?
When folding down one side of the table to put it back to the other side with the net already on, can you put it back easily w/o scratching the table?
How many hours does it take to play this game from start to finish?
Why is this game $67.99?? This game is 2.5 years old and all new games are based at $60....
how many star coins are there
is this game enjoyable as a single player or does it need multiple players to be fun?
Can this game be played on the original wii system
Does this use the classic controller?
Can I use this game with the GamePad or i need another controller?
My kids love Super Mario 3D World, is this as good?
Can you play multiplayer (2 people) with 2 Wii U Pro Controllers?
Is the gamepad required, or can I play this with a Wiimote only?
what size are they?
Would these fit inside of a pinata?
What is the count? 12 or 24
I have read the reviews....they al say there were only 12 in a package....is this correct?
How many horses are in the package?
how big is the playing board?
Is this game really fun for 2 players? Some games say it can support 2 players but the fun factor greatly decreases.
Is this the reprinted version from Eagle Games or the original version from Eagle Games?
is it worth paying that much money ?
it keep timing out how do i fix this
were can i buy ink for it
does this work with a apple computer
It's it good?
I would like to ask is that come will ink cartridge
I can not download my software to my mac computer what can i do?
I wonder if this product includes carts
already ordered 1 hot wheels 100 case. do you have a different colored car on front of case other than the white one? I have 2 boys , need 1 other car
good afternoon, I wonder if the suitcase includes 100 cars
Is this molded plastic or soft side
It's just a box with a car or inside ?
It's just a box with a car or inside ?
the car comes with the car case included
how many cars can i hold?
The product is marked as prime but at the time of payment are counted shipping taxes.
Does anyone know where i can get the divider that goes inside? I lost divider in old case i have
Would this work in a classroom where students write real letters to each other (on regular paper, not the included postcards)?
I want to get my 2 year old son a mailbox that would allow me to put letters/notes/small packages inside -- would this work?
Where can I find replacement mail and stamps? I have the mailbox.
do i have to buy a new charger? the connection does not appear to be the same as the original charger that came with the lightening mcqueen car.
Will this battery work woth Power Wheels Lil Quad model 77760? I do not have a charger - does this battery need to be charged?when it arrives?
it says this is the newer version to the red battery but this is 4 amps and the red battery is 9.5. is there a difference.is this better?
will this barrery work in a rv
Can this battery be shipped to China? Thanks!
How would I know if a battery needs replacement or if something is wrong with motor/wires? Barbie Jeep has been in storage for a year and won't work.
dose this battery have a model number, so i can be sure it the right one
this battery is for mustang boyd restage??
is this battery type H?
does it work on the jeep enforcer, is at least 10 years old.
is for kids
is it electric start with speedometer
is it rideable?
do the wheels spin?
is this a real pocket bike to ride on
What is the age group for this game?
is it realish?
is it suitable for adults
How well does this game work for one player?
if u have 5 cards and u use 3 card, so does it mean u can draw another 3 card?
How well does this game play with 2 people?
What is included with this heli? Does it include battery and charger? How about any spare parts?
Is this a fixed-pitch heli or a collective-pitch heli? As there is a flybarless version I'm not sure.
The description says 16 inches long, is this right or wrong
What does this package come with? The pictured helicopter has 2 batteries, controller, and charger capable of charging 4 batteries at once.
How stable is this heli? Can it be flown indoors like a coaxial?
how many in the tin
how do you start
how do they come packaged?
What is the thickness size of these?
I need to know the exact dimension of the pieces
I need to know the exact dimension of the pieces
Will this battery work in a blade mcx2
What are the specs for the charger for this?
Will this work in the champ RTF?
will this battery work for the speedstar propel helicopter
Velcro for Champ RTF: Does it come with the velcro to stick to plane?
Will this charge in a 1S USB Li-Po Charger, 350mA charger?
Hi sorry i want to build a deck to compete in standard Friday night magic games and i wanted to know if any expansion land can be used in the deck building for that?
The reviews are all over the place. What can I expect for a good mix of lands?
Do these lots contain any foil lands?
how do I get a fairly even amount of each land? im thinking about buying this for a draft
How much water and green do you get
are there good cards
Im going to order some lands from you. Could you make them more vintage lands rather then 200-2014 lands. Thanks. PS its to Dutch Harbor.
Would this be good for someone who wants to start doing card alters?
How many have black borders?
are these cards stiff and therefor hard to shuffle for arthritic fingers?
Is this the rider backs or the standard?
does this have a plastic coating
do these packs come with double back cards
can i ask for two decks of the same color?
Do these come with jokers?
Are they made of nylon?
Decks with red clubs and spades black hearts and clubs
The name says rider back but the picture says standard, so should I expect to get rider back cards or standard cards?
does this 2 deck come red and blue
Can you launch t-shirts?
The balloons keep getting stuck in the sling and don't launch. It's as if the material is closing up like a pocket. What's the trick?
Could I launch snowballs with it?
What are the best balloons to use?
The headline says it's 10' x 30" but the Product Description says it's: 144 x 144 x 36 inches. What are the accurate measurements of the pool?
does the ground have to be perfectly level under the pool
How big is the box that this comes in? I am going to the Dominican Republic next week and need to know if I could carry this on a plane, or check it.
Is the bottom and sides strong enough for a Lab to use ?
How would I do the chlorine treatment where I don't do to much or to less?
How deep is the pool?
Is the switch flippable or do you have to hold it?
Can you replace the battery?
looking to order 250 pcs....can you provide this many? how much?
Do you combine shipping?
Includes Exodia? Thanks
Ate they all in english?
good morning, are 200 cards in total, come in their box?
Are they all 1st edition?? I'm interested in multiples...
Are they all first edition??
Are Original cards?
Is this 4 cards or 4 decks of cards. How many cards total?
Does the screwdriver ratchet?
Are these magnetized?
what size are the sockets
Do they work on others Rc cars! I think so! But just to confirm! Thanks! Example Tornado S30 Redcat!
are they hex
Are they strong magnets? I bought other letters that wouldn't stick to the fridge.
Are they hollow? (open on the back)
What is the size of the letters in inches?
What are the measurements of the letters?
how many duplicate letters? we have 4 T's in our last name!
Are these ok for a 7 month old to play with?
Where is this made?
Says packaging may vary. Did you receive the pictured case for your magnets?
What material are they made of?
can it co on all terrain
I cannot make the right wheels work, any tips?
Can this generate smoke like the Tiger 1 RC model?
I see that in the title, it says Tiger Tank but then also says PzKpw III..is the tank actually a Tiger? Or is it the Pz III?
does it come with a airsoft gun
What company is this? Is it Heng Long?
What is the frequency of the controller? Thx.
Does it include a commander?
What scale is the panzer
Hi, this tank started running at full throtle by itself and with the RC off, the battery seems a little faulty at times. Any quick tips?
What size is this?
what are the dimensions of the turkey?
What is the size of the blown-up turkey?
how many battreys does it come with? and if you get a 3000 mAh wont the moter blow up?
how fast does it go
Should I get a wheelie bar
Which 6-cell NiMH Power Cell battery is appropriate for this model? I see 1200, 1800, and 3000 mAh all available by Traxxas on Amazon.
how fast is the car go
what is the range
how fast does it go?
I bought one of these and charge the battery for a whole day and it only went for about five minutes do I need to charge you more
Hi, just wondering if the dice are rounded and if the chips are heavy. Thank you
Also, the reviews say the chips are too small for the board. Are they right or over exaggerating? Thank you
Is The Quality Of Leather &amp; Stitching Able To Withstand Normal Use ~~ Is The Inside Lined Or Just Wood ~~
Is The Inside Raw Wood Or Felt Lined ~~
where is it made?
what size are the chips?
the wigth and the size
While it says it's for ages 3 and up, is it really appropriate for a 3-year-old? Looks like it's for older children.
How tall are the figurines?
Does this contain a lightsaber?
Why is this set Special Edition?
why is this called the '2-Pocket Pages' if they actually have 20 pockets?
How many coins can it hold?
how do the coins stay in place if you tip the book upside down?
If I don't fill a page then I can unfortunately see coins from later pages underneath. How can I fix this? Can I buy samesize opaque interleave pages?
the price is for 1 page or 20 pages ?
the price is for 1 page or 20 pages ?
what is the size?
Does this come with the cardboard holders people keep talking about, or can the coins go straight in the pockets by themselves?
Can you fit more than one coin in each pocket, and they will lay flat and not overlap each other ?
can it hold plastic coin flips
Are these somehow exclusively for play? I'm looking for bowls to feed baby her first solids from (rice cereal, veggies purees, etc)?
The SAME question! What is the diameter of the plate--distance across!!??
What size are the dishes? What size are the plates in this Green Toys set?
Are these for play or daily use?
Can I use these for regular dishes for meal times?
Does this have a manufacturer warranty?
Is this worth buying?
age range
How does this work on carpeted rugs? sadly my house has carpet in every room
Is this the same model that responds to 40 voice commands? This is the ONLY thing my 5 year-old son wants for Christmas....
What's the diference between the one you are selling and this one:
Can you modify the droid at all to customize it (e.g., adding raspberry pi, coding, etc.)? Has anyone done this or tried?
What is the trick to get the robot to follow commands? Mine simply keeps jerking his head and flashing his lights. Reset command doesn't work.
my unit light blinks blue and red and trying to find the manual online where can I find it? and when given command to go on patrol he wont do anything
I lost my list of commands for the Artoo unit: Would anybody know where I can look them up online?
how do I get a replacement key
What size and weight....Thinking about using this as a cake decoration??
What music does it play?
We have returned and replaced and both boxes worked when in package but as soon as we took them out and slide switch to on they do not work. Help?
Ballerina does not attach like tinker bell? How does the ballerina stay in place?
How do you change the ballerina to the Tinkerbell? It seems like we already lost the directions.
how many mints in bag?
Do these 50th
have one question.. may be dumb one, but what color is the butter mine? r
Does the ingredient list include nuts or a warning such as "May contain peanuts or tree nuts"?
how many are in a package for $9.45?
how many are in the favor boxes for 23.84 ?
how many in a pack?
how many in one order?
how many peices are in a bag ?
How many in a pack for $9.94?
Is the book ledge moveable?
Is assembly required?
Is this a dry-erase easel?
How many papers are in the package
After a project is complete would the blue that is left behind be able to stain a floor or counter top if accidentally left around? Might have happen
how many sheets of paper in a package?
How many sheets in a package?
Could I just use a regular plastic hair brush?
How is this packaged on arrival?
do all the pieces pictured come with this? It pictures TWO dolls each in her own bathing suit and towel and bag??
can these outfits go in water?
does this track work with remote control geo trax trains?
Does this train come with a remote? I don't see it shown on the package.
Does this FISHER PRICE DISNEY PIXAR CARS GEOTRAX TRACK PACK come with a REMOTE?
How is it propelled? Is someone pushing or somehow by self?
Is there a brake? We have hills in our neighborhood and I would want them to be able to stop
Can you tell me how large the assembled unit is? I believe the dimensions given are of the shipped box. And I assume it's at least partly disassembled
Do older kids enjoy? My daughter is 12 years old and about 5 feet, 2 inches tall. Thx
"EzyRoller is fun for all ages, 4 to 40". Will a 50 year old have fun on the EzyRoller?
What color PPP
Does this work OK on flat driveway or streets? We have concrete streets, but no hills at all......will this still work?
The manufacture's website doesn't show an "Ultimate" model. Which model is this as compares to those offered on the website?
My grandson is a tall 4 1/2 year old. Would this be appropriate for his age?
How would it be on gravel or crazy hills?
how do you get the background paper on the tank?
How large is the tank?
Is Canada one of the "select countries outside the U.S." it can be shipped to?
are they real
I don't understand the 110v - does this mean it has to be plugged into an electrical outlet?
my motor does not work help
does it have to be dishwasher liquid or can manual dishwashing detergent be sed
Does the tank/bubbler make any noise?
Are they real jellyfish?
How thick is the plastic (x Mil)? It would be nice to know the mil thickness. Heavy duty plastic is 6 mil, Medium is 4 mil, how does this compare?
What makes this a waterslide compared to me buying some plastic tarp and throwing it on the ground?
Wahii Waterslide: How can I get a wahii waterslide?
does it reween the grass
How do you make the whole slide slippery?
Can I use the slide in a flat garden?
I have had your product for 3 years now ....and its absolutely AWESOME, my kids love it. Do you sell extra stakes to hold it in the ground?
Would this work at the beach if set close to the water?
how do you get water on the slide
My yard is flat - will this work?
Does it work well on flat lawns too or do you need a hill for all the fun?
Is this product made of PVC?
How well will this work on a yard that has no incline, just a flat surface?
Does it have a hose attachment or do you just hose it down
What sort of plastic is this product?
What is the mil thickness?
I don't have a sprinkler nearby. Can I wet it down once with water and use it
Has anybody tried using a sled on this? I'm looking for a way to sleigh ride down my hill in the backyard without snow. Thoughts?
does it have a catch pool at the end?
do you need a hill?
Does it light up at all?
Is it a real mirror?
How tall is the seat? I want to purchase this for my 2 yr old Grand who wears a 2 T size. Want her to be able to see herself in mirror.
is the lipstick n nail paint for real or is it pretend play as my kids are just 2.5 and i don't want them to get into real nail paints and lipsticks
Would my 4 year old fit this?
Is the mirror clear. Will my daughter be able to see herself In it??
Does the drawer pull out for storage ?
Where is it made?
what ages is it good for
what age is this product for
What is the size
Is the belly black or white?
size
is it a girl cat or a boy cat
Does it make a purring sound? If so how many batteries does it need?
Are these weather/water resistant to any degree?
Does the child put these together or are they alreadey assembled?
How it's to charge? It is on battery or rechargable?
what band are these?
can a 4 year old use these?
Do they have a clip?
what kind of batteries for walkie talkies?
Do these come in a proper box, or just cardboard?
Why are these priced so much higher than the other retailers, Target, Walmart... which sell what looks exactly the same for 29.99?
I have 4 children. If I get two sets of these (4 radios total), will my kids all be able to talk with one another?
how big is this cat?
Does she really purr?
Is this made with bean bags?
What size is this Kitty? It does not tell me in the description/
What size is this cat?
Does this model kit require paint? or are the parts already painted?
How do you put the car together snap glue
this kit is of metal or of plastic?
Could you list all the names of the figures in this set? Thank you!
Anyone knows where to get pedro pony figures?
Wich brand made the figures...Fisher Price?
I came back to brazil at 9 june...can you ship in 7 days to NY?
The picture only shows 6 classmates plus the teacher, and a previous comment mentions that some characters are missing, please list character names
This is confusing- the original advertisement shows 9, but most reviewers are stating there were only 7. Which one is it? 7 or 9?
Are the students are removable from the desks? So they can be used as figures too?
How many desks/chairs come with this?
batteries required?
DIPPT DOT MARKR CiARA
For those that have tried making their own ice cream mix to use in this can you just use ice cream bought from the store?
how much milk i need to add to the dippin dot powder?
Can she sit down?
does her eyes open and close
How are the dolls legs attatched? we had a doll with plastic ball and socket and both legs broke. I saw AG has an elastic band that holds the legs.
are the shoes removeable
what color are the dolls eyes? thanks.
Does anyone know how these dolls come packaged? In a nice box? I am thinking of getting as a gift for my niece?
How red is her hair? Is it a browish-red or redder red or a light auburn?
I have boys so new to purchasing dolls. Can someone confirm that this doll will be compatible with the dollie &amp; me matching clothing sets?
Are the arms and legs moveable ?
How does her hair hold up? I've heard other brands get ratty - if you've had it a while please let me know!
Can you dress these dolls in American Girl clothes? Thinking of purchasing one of the Alexander dolls and a few AG accessories.
Do the eyes open and close?
Is there a shirt under the jacket
How are the legs attached? I noticed AG dolls have and elastic band, Our Gen has plastic ball and joint and legs broke off easily.
What are the appliqu&eacute;s on the upper left jacket? One of them looks like a skull.
can this game be played by only 1 player?
does this book come in dvd as well just like monopoly? And does it require multi players or can I play it as a single player only, thanks
Do You know if the Amazon Rich Dad Cashflow 101 Board Game comes with the same items as offered by Robert Kiyosaki, which is: 3 AUDIO TAPES &amp; VIDEO?
Can it be shipped to Germany?
What is the difference between Cashflow and Cashflow 101?
why new version (not 202, i mean the car in front version) is so cheaper than older 101 version, whats the diference?.
this game is in spanish or english?
do you ship to newzealand?
Is this the newest version? (The newest version does not have paper "cash.)
Is this the newest game -- no money or banker required?
Is this inflated with air, can I cut it open so that I can put it over a tennis ball?
Do these have any unpleasant odor?
Could these be used for indoor dodge ball?
What is the recommended age?
Do they light up?
Do these balls contain latex?
how large is it?
Is this first or second edition?
Is this the 2nd edition?
I notice CSI has two listings. Which editions are they?
If the order is for 1, does that represent 1 pair or 1 sock ?
I would like to get these socks for my 8 year old son. He is very small for his age. He wears a toddlers size 12 shoe. What size would you recommend? Thanks
My daughter wears toddler size 9. Will the 4-6 size sock be too big for her?
If my son wears a children's size 1 shoe ... what should I get? 4-6 or 6-8? Has anyone purchased a 6-8 and returned it for a smaller 4-6?
My son is 6 years old, weighs 51 lbs and wears a size 13-13 1/2 cleat. Which size is recommended?
What are these made of?
Are these easy for kids to put on/off by themselves? do they have to put the sock on first then insert the shin guard,or can they put them on together
I just paid $2 more for these 2 days ago through Amazon. Can you please refund the difference? I have not received the shipment yet.
If the order is for 1, does that represent 1 pair or 1 sock ?
I would like to get these socks for my 8 year old son. He is very small for his age. He wears a toddlers size 12 shoe. What size would you recommend? Thanks
My daughter wears toddler size 9. Will the 4-6 size sock be too big for her?
If my son wears a children's size 1 shoe ... what should I get? 4-6 or 6-8? Has anyone purchased a 6-8 and returned it for a smaller 4-6?
My son is 6 years old, weighs 51 lbs and wears a size 13-13 1/2 cleat. Which size is recommended?
What are these made of?
Are these easy for kids to put on/off by themselves? do they have to put the sock on first then insert the shin guard,or can they put them on together
I just paid $2 more for these 2 days ago through Amazon. Can you please refund the difference? I have not received the shipment yet.
Is this packaged in fFisher Price box or a box from Amazon! I would like it have it in the fFisher Price packaging, if possible
Is this suitable for a six year old boy?
Is this packaged in fFisher Price box or a box from Amazon! I would like it have it in the fFisher Price packaging, if possible
Does it need batteries? or make any sounds? thanks
Do you feel like this is too much for a 2 year old?
Would Jake and the never land pirate figures fit this ship?
Does this have a wheel (steering) that spins and a working anchor and a plank?
How does this ship compare to the one with the one with the red skull sails?
My grandson is turning 6 is it to young for him?
How tall does the ship measure?
What size is it?
Is this stuffed with PVC pellets or plastic pellets?
What material is this?
How many holes does it have to take the animals in and out?
Description says bird color will vary. What colors do the birds come in?
how big are the animals and are they stuffed with beans, or plush?
How big is it?
Does this play a tune when you pull it along?
came with white plastic strips on top of bars. Do they come off so better to play?
Ours has two white strips across all the notes. I'm afraid to pull this off in case I break it. It's not in any of the photos. Is this a new feature?
How long is it
white plastic
Are the bars magnetic/ferrous? What material are they? I am considering buying this for a music project
Is the plastic BPA free?
Since this is my first painting, does anyone have suggestions on how to begin and how to proceed with this project?
What does dotted line on the canvas mean
Is this too difficult for a 12 year old?
does the canvas comes with a wooden frame? (is the canvas stapled on a wooden frame? or just a canvas cloth and wooden frame is sold separately?
is there a video that will show me how to blend paint and store the colors ? i have only done no blending.
are there paint mixing?
I would like to paint a mural on my wall 7' X7' Do you have any that size in "paint by number"?
In the 1 lb. powder tempera paint, is each bottle of color weigh 1 lb? Or do all 12 colors add up to 1 lb?
Can i mix this with flour for a photoshoot? Would be great!
Is this safe for throwing on people in public. What are the ingredients?
Hi I was wondering what you use to mix the powder with to make it paint? would you recamend Latex paint at all?
looking to add epoxy or CRA glue to add to wood projects for color effect. I see you can mix with water but can you also mix with wood glue,super glu
Is this washable and Non-Toxic?
If I mix this powder with water, how much liquid paint will it make? What will be the consistancy?
To throw this for a photoshoot can I just throw it as is? Will it make a bit of a cloud?
how big are the bottles? do you have to mix it before throwing it at a paint war?
I am planning on buying this for my daughter, We do alot of homemade crafts (cloud dough, Play Dough Ext.) Could i use this for play dough?
Can you put these in cylinders of water and they not fall apart?
What are these made of? Are they glass or plastic? Also, are they very very clear, or do they have a haze to them? Thanks!
I will have 15 tables, and am only placing them around the mirror of the centerpiece. How many bags should I order?
I'd like to use these for both table decor and bridal shower bingo chips. Would they work well for that?
Are these diamonds traceable? (I am asking for a friend.)
do they have holes
what is the size of these?
would these be large enough to use as cupcake toppers? I'm looking for something about the size of a nickel
Are these acrylic or glass?
Do they sink in water? I am interested in putting them in a pool for dive toys.
what can I check if the amp will not power up? Is there a main power fuse or slow blow fuse that I can check? No lights come on at all. Thank you.
wil lthis amp power my two dual 15 speakers ?
are channels 9 and ten stereo?
My 5 year old is 4 feet tall....is he too tall for this microphone? Thank you!
Does it need an sound amplifier or can it just be plugged into a electric wall socket
does it have mp3 or cd plug in?
Is this toy suitable for a 7 year old boy?
What is the SKU number
I see that one comment says that this product contains lead - is that still true?
Can anyone please tell me if this is battery operated or does it plug in?
can this boat go in the water?? Has anyone tried this?
what size are the die cast cars
what is the lenth of it
what is the lenth of it
Do you need patterns to make the dresses? I don't have any sewing expereinces and have some differcut time to help my kids to make the dresses.
Is this item geared for hand sewing or is a machine needed?
Does it fit a Barbie doll???
Would this dressform fit a slim 18 inch doll like BFC ink or Capartina dolls?
is it worth the expense and will it help her with her future career?
can you use a real sewing machine with this? I want to get my 11yr old daughter started sewing - she'e super crafty &amp; loves dolls
Are these the resealable bags or not? Image shows they are - comments indicate they aren't.
Is this item 100 regular thickness bags? The images show 2 bags of different sizes totaling 200. Description also mentions 2 sizes.
What size are these magazine bags? The title says 8-3/4" x 11-1/8" but the product description says 9.1" x 12.9"
Does the flap have adhesive on it? I prefer no flap but if there's no adhesive this will work.
is this sale for a 100 of them...Or just a couple?
Can these be used as mailers? I want to use them to send a magazine
I have programs from past all star games, they range from 200-290 pages. Would these bags be able to hold books of that size? If not, any suggestions?
Are these thick enough to hold journal magazines that have about 80 pages?
Can this game be played by just 2 people? If so, would it be any fun without a larger group?
I see the game is appropriate for children ages 10-15, but most of the reviews refer to adult playing this game. Would it be suitable for kids 9 &amp; up?
We play this game regularly. Is there any way to get cards with new questions?
We are desperate for new questions...does anybody know if these are available or soon to be available?
Are these American cards and questions? I have read that there are European cards as well.
The recommended age is 10-15, how suitable is it for adults?
Can you get extra cards
expansion?
Is this track compatible with Cargo Train 60052?
Do these tracks work with the City Passenger Train #7938?
can the lego creator horizon train go on these tracks?
Does flexible track 8867 work with Horizon Express train?
Why are there two pictures side by side? Are there two sizes?
What are the dimensions of this product?
I want to receive the 5" x 7" product only.....can you assure me of that? Are there color options
Is this toy a PinPressions brand?
I would prefer to be assured that I would receive th e largest version. Will you do that? JJ
will they fit a 2003 chevorlet silverado 1500 ls z71?
will these fit traxxas tmaxx 2.5
Will these fit a traxxas Slash 2wd?
Are these for the front and rear?
i want to know, is the a 2-set or 4-set
But, Come 4 or 2?????
How many wheels? I must be blind but I don't see how many wheels this come with?
are there bank turns ?
can four people play this set? Does it come with four controllers?
will the 4-lane set fit on a ping pong size table?
Can banked turns be purchased separately? Does anyone know what to purchase that will work on a 4 lane track?
Can this set be expanded upon? Are more sections of track available? If so, can it be narrowed to 2 lane in some areas?
Can this set be converted to a digital layout?
does this come with cars?
Is this an wireless romote set ?
Are these cotton loops?
How many loops are in a package?
From the picture, it looks like there are NO yellow loops? We love yellow here. Is it true that there are no yellow ones?
Will these fit a 71/2in loom? Thanks bunches!!
This package contains looms and hook?
I recently purchased the 10 inch loom and need extra cotton loops
I have seen these loops on other websites with a resealable bag. Does this come with a resealable bag?
Do these fit the pro loom?
Will these loops fit a 7 1/4" " or 7 3/8" loom?
I was looking at these loops online last night and the price was $12.95. Now the price is $19.21? How could they go up so much overnight?
This is my first kit, will I be able to assemble it?
Is this the transparent version? I am confused because the item images are non-transparent but the customer images are transparent.
do you have display stand for this model?if you have please send me the link thank you
dose this kit come with the 2 way stand
if this kit gundam 200 i will buy it thanks
Does this model come with display stand???
I'm looking to get this for my boyfriend. He wants Seven Sword. Is this the same thing?
really curious how did you do the pose for picture 2 its leaning but not falling!!!
Do you need glue or do you just snap it together?
would I be able to put any LEDs inside?
How long is this gundam? In inches/cm
Are any of the joints loose or easy to fall off?
Can the 00 Raiser be removed, or is it always on?
Do you have to paint anything on this one?
Does the stand comes with the kit? Or I need to buy a new stand additionally?
How wide is fish bowl
How come on the front page the price is 9.99, but when I go to order it changes to 12.40?
good afternoon, battery operated fish?
can you buy just the fish?
How big is it?
What age is appropriate for this set
Can these be used with magna tiles? We already have a set of magna tiles, and I thought these would be a cool addition so long as they can work together. anyone have any experience with this?
Can these be used with Metro Mags? i can't see a tile or triangle size anywhere. Metro mags are 3x3 and 6x6
do these work with the Magna tiles? i already have one of those sets. THNX!
Are the pieces the same color on both sides?
Do the Magformers and the Super Magformers work together since they are different sizes??
How many pieces would one need to build the structures in the booklet? Is 30 pieces enough?
Needs 10 year old boy
age appropriate
I am thinking of purchasing these for a special needs child who does not have a lot of strength in his hands. Do these easily come apart?
How many channels are there to control?
What version is this? V7? V6? earlier?
Will this work on a new MacBook Pro??
will it work on my lap top HP pavilion g series that has window 7
If I get this, can I upgrade in the future to real flight 7? Sorry I'm new to the simulator stuff.
does it have a quadcopter models in it? if so wich ones does it have?
What is the difference between RF Basic and RF Mode 2 Basic?
Does this have instructions or User guide?
how many gb does it use
Can you use a different transmitter with this than the one that comes with it? Can this use one that is "simulator compatible?
is this the first level game?
Suitable for what ages?
Marble diameter: Does anyone know how big it is supposed to be?
Would this be good for a 7 year old?
What age is this maze for?
Cheating? Want to cheat at Perplexus, the maze ball?
what age is best for this toy?
are you able to smash it on the ground
My daughter loves it! We are just wondering where the end of each maze is? Or does it just go to a certain number for the end of each maze?
Ages for epic
how many come with the order
Are their wheels on these Daleks? Do the arms move?
How big are they - approximate dimensions?
is it sound fx?
is she a a full body
does she have a magnet for a pacifier
is she a silicone doll?
i heard this baby is tiny.....is that true? how big is she?
Do she drink
does it have a cloth body
How small is she
does it come with ex?
Does it have any duplicates?
Are there energy cards?
Does the photo show actual cards from this assortment?
I am a little confused about the title No duplicates, because I have already found many duplicates in my order
Are these cards legal and not reproductive (really flabby and can be easily torn apart) ?
is there any exs
are some of them are fake?
How many rare cards are there?
Does it have bonus pack free come with it
Is the slot big enough for bills, and can you get the bills out fairly easily without tearing them? Also, how large is the hole in the bottom? Thanks
Does it open or do you have to shake the money out?
Where is the coin opening to drop coins in?
what is the material of the product
About how much does it hold?
does it make r2d2 sounds?
Where is the slot for inserting dollar bills located on this bank?
What type of batteries are needed?
Yeah...its expensive...but at least there's Death Angel. So...any thoughts?
What else needs to be purchased along with the game? What's the best "kit" for putting together the figures?
What is the retail price of this game when it was released?
What are the dimensions of the detachable Mickey &amp; Minnie figurine portion?
what size picture does it take ?
hi i was wondering if this could be shipped very wrapped and with a sign of fragile because it will have a long shipping
Does anyone know what size photo this frame can hold? It doesn't say on any of the reviews nor on the product details
Can someone tell me how wide the fridge, washing machine, dishwasher, and oven are? Do any of them come with shelves/baskets inside?
does the dishwasher portion have a rack inside or is it just a compartment?
Where is this kitchen made?
Approximately how long does it take to assemble this kitchen?
Does the inside of the washer move/spin?
Can someone recommend a set of play cookware that works well with this kitchen? I'm reading some reviews that state M&amp;D baking sheets don't fit well!
How high is the counter on this kitchen?
What are the measurements
is there a pretend key? Does the lights turn on? Is there a radio?
Who knows how fast this actually goes. I doubt it's 25mph or 50mph! :)
Where can I get a replacement batter
Do the seats adjust for smaller riders?
what age is this car for
warranty
Where can you get the battery charger
Where can I get a replacement battery?
how do you change to faster speed?? Cannot find my manual - need to speed up ?
How much wood is actually in this product? I wanted a wooden kitchen, i am not liking all this plastic in toys.
Is it big?
Can you tell me how high the counter is? Thanks!
is it hard to assemble?
Concern that my 3 year will outgrow it fast due to height.What age will it be too small for a kid?Thoughts about this vs. KidKraft Large Kitchen?
My daughter wants this for her FIFTH birthday! Do you think it's too small? I am worried about her being too big/tall for this and other kitchens.
What does the backside look like? I was thinking of putting it facing the other way...
appropriate for 4 year old?
are there any shelves in the fridge? does it open?
Is it appropriate for 11 months olds? My twins love standing and climbing. Will it withstand their weight? Would it be interesting for them?
What are the dimensions of the box when zipped up?
Does this come with Lego pieces or do I need to buy those separate?
Do only lego pieces fit inside this? Or do other type of blocks?
Is this product capable of being folded almost flat so it might be stored in a suitcase while flying? Thank you.
what is the size?
What are the dimensions?
What is the size of this?
What size it is once opened?
How tall is the actual storage space? Descriptions says 19" high, but I assume that's the very back piece.
I want to have a seat cushion made for a KidKraft Austin toy box. What are the actual dimensions of the seating (lid) area? (width and depth) Thanks!
The faceboard of my product has a scratch and it was missing three screws that hold the bottom of the toy box together. How do I go about fixing this
My toy box is missing the shocks that hold the lid open. Will you send just those?
What are the dimensions of the actual storage area inside the toy box? Thank you!
what sort of hinges are on it does it close softly?
When you select the brown/espresso two different styles of trunk are shown in the pictures. Which style of trunk will you get if you order espresso?
I want the espresso toy box but i'm confused if it has spindles on the back or not? the picture shows two different backboards...do you get both?
I want the espresso toy box but i'm confused if it has spindles on the back or not? the picture shows two different backboards...do you get both?
Is it made of real wood or pressed board?
How tall is the actual storage space? Descriptions says 19" high, but I assume that's the very back piece.
I want to have a seat cushion made for a KidKraft Austin toy box. What are the actual dimensions of the seating (lid) area? (width and depth) Thanks!
The faceboard of my product has a scratch and it was missing three screws that hold the bottom of the toy box together. How do I go about fixing this
My toy box is missing the shocks that hold the lid open. Will you send just those?
What are the dimensions of the actual storage area inside the toy box? Thank you!
what sort of hinges are on it does it close softly?
When you select the brown/espresso two different styles of trunk are shown in the pictures. Which style of trunk will you get if you order espresso?
I want the espresso toy box but i'm confused if it has spindles on the back or not? the picture shows two different backboards...do you get both?
I want the espresso toy box but i'm confused if it has spindles on the back or not? the picture shows two different backboards...do you get both?
Is it made of real wood or pressed board?
How tall is the actual storage space? Descriptions says 19" high, but I assume that's the very back piece.
I want to have a seat cushion made for a KidKraft Austin toy box. What are the actual dimensions of the seating (lid) area? (width and depth) Thanks!
The faceboard of my product has a scratch and it was missing three screws that hold the bottom of the toy box together. How do I go about fixing this
My toy box is missing the shocks that hold the lid open. Will you send just those?
What are the dimensions of the actual storage area inside the toy box? Thank you!
what sort of hinges are on it does it close softly?
When you select the brown/espresso two different styles of trunk are shown in the pictures. Which style of trunk will you get if you order espresso?
I want the espresso toy box but i'm confused if it has spindles on the back or not? the picture shows two different backboards...do you get both?
I want the espresso toy box but i'm confused if it has spindles on the back or not? the picture shows two different backboards...do you get both?
Is it made of real wood or pressed board?
How tall is the actual storage space? Descriptions says 19" high, but I assume that's the very back piece.
I want to have a seat cushion made for a KidKraft Austin toy box. What are the actual dimensions of the seating (lid) area? (width and depth) Thanks!
The faceboard of my product has a scratch and it was missing three screws that hold the bottom of the toy box together. How do I go about fixing this
My toy box is missing the shocks that hold the lid open. Will you send just those?
What are the dimensions of the actual storage area inside the toy box? Thank you!
what sort of hinges are on it does it close softly?
When you select the brown/espresso two different styles of trunk are shown in the pictures. Which style of trunk will you get if you order espresso?
I want the espresso toy box but i'm confused if it has spindles on the back or not? the picture shows two different backboards...do you get both?
I want the espresso toy box but i'm confused if it has spindles on the back or not? the picture shows two different backboards...do you get both?
Is it made of real wood or pressed board?
Can you tell me the dimensions of the package? Because i am carryng it on a plane. Thanks romina
Do the furniture pieces make any sounds? Like toilet flushing? And does the lamp light up?
Help! I'm torn between this and the Loving Family Dream Dollhouse for my 2 1/2 year-old. Any advice would be appreciated.
Can you tell me the exactly dimentions of the package, because i am taking this package into a plane and need to know if it is possible.
Conceal Contents? Has anyone ordered this?
Is it possible or feasible to "laminate" the walls and floors with clear packing tape to prevent scratches and provide protection?
Does this dollhouse include a tub and toilet?
Does this doll house include what is shown? Specifically tub am
Is the back side (front of house) a blank wall or are all sides printed?
Can barbies fit to play in this house?
Does it come with marbles?
Can you use regular marbles for this run?
I have read some reviews that say they recieved a different brand when purchasing this item. How many have gotten the wrong one?
Does the Marble Run come with printed instructions on how to assemble and various ways to reconfigure the run?
Is my six-year-old son going to be able to put this together, or is he going to have a meltdown? He gets easily frustrated ;).
Does this come with a case/bag or something to keep all of the parts and marbles in?
Difference(s) between marble runs by mindware vs. the ones by discovery toys? which is better?
We lost the marbles and need replacements. Does anyone know the size of the marbles that come with the set?
does it come with marbles
How many pieces vs marbles come with this set?
What country is the Stanley London hand magnifier made in?
Where is this product made?
What is the maginification of this item?
Does this version also allow for battery use (e.g., 6 "C" batteries)?
Does this have a cord or is it just battery operated?
what are the dimensions of this unit,thank you
Can you listen with headphones?
does it have an alarm clock?
Does this Lego Boombox have MP3 capability?
what paper fits for refills?
Magnetic: Is the whiteboard magnetic?
the reviews are all over a year old....has anyone bought it in 2013? did the quality improve at all?
Are the trays removable, for easy cleaning?
Is the height adjustable?
Does the easel come with dry erase markers, chalk and erasers?
where caan we order refill for paper roll?
Can it be folded up to put away??
Where do you get the paper at when you need to replace it?
Will a 3-1/2" diameter replacement paint pot fit in the tray?
Is the white board magnetic? I think it's pretty useful. Thanks
Can this be stored flat? and what size paper fits this?
How tall is this easel? Wondering if a 9 year old comfortably stand at it and paint.
Is the height of this easel adjustable?
are the storage baskets plastic or material as in the photo?
what's in the box of this item?
how about a tall 3 year old?
Do you ship to the UK?
Does the easel fold up if you remove the storage trays?
How do you change the roll? I have tried unscrewing the roller, but it just keeps turning and never comes undone. Has anyone else had this problem?
how to store this
Can this be used outside in yard? It wouldn't be left outside.
the product is as the picture? how many pieces of structures are? brings exactly?
Does this fold up easily for storage when no in use? Is it tall enough for a 6 yr old?
What brand paper roll refills fit? Does the Doug and Melissa deluxe easel paper fit for refills?
How tall does it stand at the highest setting?
Best for what ages?
does this fold up and put back togerher easily?
Is this adjustable to be lowered for a 2 year old?
Can you use magnets on the whiteboard side? If so, are there any easels that anyone knows of that are magnetic, dry erase, chalkboard, and can paint?
Is the chalkboard a real one or one made of plastic?
age recommendations?
Are the voice recordings in English only or English &amp; Spanish?
Does it require batteries?
Jennifer Holder, I'm considering these for my mom also. You say she liked the colors. What about the quality?
I need all one color (red) instead of multiples. Possible?
is this elastic?
are these washable?
How many scarves are in a set?
Are these scarves separated or tied together just like in the picture?
What are the exact measurements of these scarves?
Is there any chance that you'll ship this wonderful drum set to Germany, too?
where its made?
Hi, Can I have the exact size and weight including packaging.?
How big is the box that this is packaged in? Want to buy for my newphew, but my brother will then have to fly with it..
Do you need a special charger or will my Nikko work as well?
Did anyone have trouble with this battery pack not being very torquey at first? I have tried charging twice and it has less torque than a 3000mAh. Maybe motor going bad?
Will i be able to charge this in a 9.6 v charger, or do i need more or less volts?
Any performance difference between a 5000 lipo and a 5000 nimh?
How much does this battery pack weigh?
Do I need to buy a special connector for this battery if i will be using it in an ECX torment or does it come with connectors?
Will this battery work on the RC German Tiger Tank R/C WWII Battle Panzer Kampfwagen III with Electric Airsoft Gun?
Does this Battery work with traxxas bandit cars?? Can you use A traxxas charger to charge the battery?
How long do I need to charge the battery for?
tenergy really made 5000 mah batteries?????
does it come with a charger or do I need to buy one?
Has anyone looked at (or bought) this tractor v. the Peg Perego gator? I'm trying to decide bw the two. They each have pluses and minuses, it seems.
can a 2 year old use this
Does this product come with any warranty? If yes, what does the warranty warrant and how does it work?
Is it truly 4WD like the description says?
What tires does this one come with?
Does it come assembled?
does it have a radio? ours friends kid has one with a radio!
is it ok for a 4 and 5 yr old?
Does this have the same shift as the Peg Perego Gator? Can the child shift from high to low on the fly?
does this fit traxxas slash 4x4
does it make the esc glitch? I heard they do, even if in a traxxas vehicle?
is this the servo that comes stock on the traxxas stampede 4x4 VXL
is it better than the stock servo on the 1/16 e-revo
Will this work on Taymiya Tt-01
can I install it on an exceed rc like maxstone 10?
does this servo work on the gravedigger 1/10 model?
Will this servo work as a throttle servo for a revo 3.3?
What is the diameter of the round jewels?
Are they the shape of real gems? Or are they odd random pieces of plastic?
Would they sink if used in a pool "sunken treasure" game?
Do these have tiny holes at the top so they could be strung as pendants?
How many come in an order?
are the jewls plastic
are the jewels plastic
Can Barbie's clothes be changed
Does the top close?
DOES THIS CAR HAVE FOUR SEATS
So if i got a colleclible the car will still be perfect no damage on the car?
Do all doors open?
does it have a trunk?
will the barbie get stuck in the seat
how many seats does it have
Is there a trunk that opens
does it come with 9.6v battery and charger? what battery for remote? how long to charge? proportional steering and throttle? any lights?
how fast?
Does it have plastic or rubber wheels?
What frequency does it operate on? Is there multiple channels for two cars to race against each other?
Interested in this product and will purchase if you can guarantee it will be in red, especially since it's a Ferrari. Look forward your reply.
How many bags come to a package? Thanks.
What size are the bags?
how many bags?
How many? How many bags are included in an order?
Is this compatible with or the same as Snap Circuits Jr?
does it take batteries
What age group is this best for?
if this is frustration free packaging, are all the parts loose with no storage
We already have the big 750 deluxe set of Snap Circuits - will these projects be repeats or are they all different?
Would you recommend this for senior citizen who isn't mobile but likes engineering?
how can you turn the sound off or even reduce the volume?????
Does this come with a 9 volt transistor battery as well, or do I need to purchase seperately?
Straight out of the box, we followed the directions, charged the battery, etc HASN"T WORKED at all since we got it. not even once. HELP!
Bought this car for my grandson. The charger never charged up the batteries, don't know how to exchange the charger, no place to go, any ideas?
How many batteries and what kind. Wrapped and under grandson's tree just realized want to take over batteries!
What age?
Is this the car that does not play the music?
Can you remove the glasses and jacket?
What size is this dog?
I wonder if you send in france?
Will these batteries work on the exceed rc blaze?
Are the Tamia connectors female?
Will this battery work with the Viper 28" Ed Hardy Racing Speed Boat
I was given a TYCO RC Batman Monster truck for my grandson. It has a battery charger - TYCO RC 7.2V NiCd Charger. Will this battery work? Tkx
Will this battery work on an Axial Scx10?
Does this battery have the correct connectors for an Exceed RC DriftStar?
Are these self inking or do you need a separate ink pad?
are there 50 different designs or how many are there?
Would they fit in a easter egg?
i am working on a research, how many stamps can you get from each stamper, and is it possible to refill it after using it ?
Up to what age are these stamps recommended ?
Is the ink nontoxic?
is ink washable? can kids stamp their hand and be able to wash it off?
Can these be used on Fabric ?? are they washable ?
Looking perminant stamps for fabric...will these wash away or stay on the fabric??
Is there a baseball one?
Could magnets be put on the back of these for use with a magnetic board?
What is the Diametrical Pitch of these gears?
Size: What is the larger gears' size in diameter?
Can I you this for the Parrot AR Drone 2.0 ?
can this work with the parrot a.r drone 2.0 please answer!
Does this fit the syma X5C? if dont you have one that fit??
The original parrot ar drone 2.0 CHA012008 charger can charge this battery?
Is this battery compatible with the AR.DRONE 2.0? If so does it weigh/fit about the same?
Parrot AR.Drone 2.0 compatibility: Well this work with the Parrot AR.Drone 2.0?
Will this battery pack work with the Parrot AR Drone 2.0? Even if I have to change the tip to mini Tamiya?
Anyone ever use this with an AR Parrot?
about how many clips come in a pack
a review said helilum balloons, wont stay up long. But how about balloons filled up w/plain air, will they still look good next day?
Will these work on 27-36" balloons?
to he blue or white ear has inside?
Are they ok for a one year old girl?
what fabric is used for the fur it is extremly soft and i wanted other things made of thius material
does it talk
About how long does it take for this to arrive after ordering?
Can I get the original Beanie Boos?
Is this a baby one
is this 6 inches?
Size please?
is this one of the large stuffed animals (about the size of a half gallon of milk) or is it one of the small beanies?
does this car have sound and lights
Does this model have the Rebel flag on top? Can we order it with black wheels? We do not want orange.
What is the scale size of this car 1:18 or 1:24? Also, do the doors open?
What is the scale size of car, some reviews say it came with orange wheels. Is that how it comes
what scale of car?1/24th.does hood open?
Does this have the black wheels or the orange wheels?
Is it radio controled?
about how many feet of straight track is there?
good for toddlerss?
Will any hot wheels car work on these tracks?
My son has this and enjoys it. Is this compatible with the new "Track Builder" items?
What is the scale?
How many inches LONG is the bed in THIS set?
What are the dimensions of the bed?
Mine won't do anything but make a horrible sound
is it motion activated?
Anyone willing to post a video of this dog in action? TIA
does this dogs mouth open up when laughing
manufacturer says 1 month and up - Amazon says choking hazard, 3 years and up - what gives here?
where is the battery compartment?
how long is this dog
Is it 60" or 72" long. Product description and product details contradict each other.
Is it possible to collapse this tunnel for storage?
What material is it made of?
Hello, what package size? Thank you
how many feet long?
what age is this phone best suited for?
would this be fun for a 1-year old?
Are there batteries? If so are they safely in there? How does it hold up with teething babies?!
what are the dimensions?
what music does it play and can you add music to it like a mp3 player
Are the buttons on the phone actual raised plastic buttons that a child can depress or are they simply flat like a pin pad type setup?
In what ways does the phone interact with Scout the puppy?
Which version of this toy is newer? one w/keypad that has different color buttons on a black background, or one with keypad that is grey with blue buttons
The phone also comes in Spanish?
Does the green one have a metallic color? I know that's a weird question, but my son loves shiny metallic silver &amp; tries to play with the remote.
I can't find where the description says that this set comes with the train markers. Do they come with it?
A couple of reviewers said the colors were different from the box, is this true? From reviews, tiles are thick and not the thin ones?
How thick are the doninos?
does it have miniature trains included
Does this set come with the markers
Does the game come with a score pad?
Does it come with holders for the dominos?
How much does this set weigh? We will be traveling and need something light.
Is the package durable? What material is it?
I noticed in the list of main points by the description that it said, comes in train tin..but the picture shows a box! Anyone know about this?? Thanks
Does it have siren?
what are the sound effects and does it say anything?
I bought this car and wanted to confirm if its just PUSH car or if there is a switch so it can run on battery.
Do the door open?
what scale or how big is it
Does it go forward and back?
how tall is it?
does it come with gumballs?
I had someone pick up gumballs, they are 24mm size. Will these work?
how tall is the machine in feet
how do you get the coins out
what coin is needed? a penny? nickel? or what?
i wanna know how does it works ???? is there a possibility to set it for a specific coin?? gumball capacity?? how tall is it (by CM please) ?
Does it pump gas
Will Hot Wheel cars also fit into this carring case?
does it have cars in it?
This car kit comes with the 72 cars??? or is it just the case to keep the cars??
Can it be played with if the child is old enough my son really would appreciate it but I don't know if it is a toy or a collectable
how easy to break is it like posing it and something will break?
how many accessories are there?
How long it will take to send this sale? another company from this page sell it but it seems it was just to separate the toy
Hey guys who else has trouble with the head ? My head is very loose and when trying to pose the head falls off alot , or is this the standard of all t
Does this come with a display stand?
is this legitimate or a knockoff from china?
does it come in the collectable brown box?
does it come in it brown box
Is it real or is it a bootleg?
What is the approximate RPM range for this motor?
what is the highest gear ratio?
Does this motor allow for reverse? Can you switch the polarity on the motor?
What are the dimensions of the box not including the hexagonal shaft?
is this just for toys or could this be used for a gearbox for a electric generator?
Does anyone know the maximum weight this thing will pull at about 9rpm? I need to tug a camera setup that is about 15lb accross some tracks. Thanks!
what is the VA of this motor?
What is motor voltage?
can you run 9 volts through a hossen speed controller then to the motor to control the rpm's?
What size (mm) balls does this iPong robot take?
Are balls included with the purchase.
How long is cord on remote from machine?
Hi I just got this in my house Ipon this day purchased here on Amazon but not on, does not work, s help??
free voltage
220v
volt
Does this model have the ability to turn up the frequency as fast as the other more expensive iPong machines?
Could I take the globe apart and make the magnet inside levitate something else (say, a back to the future hoverboard model ...)
Do these work on 220-240v, or can they be run off of a converter
We've been trying to get it to levitate for a week now and we have no luck. Does any of this (Fascinations Levitron Globe Ion) ever work?
can you take out the magnet and if you could how big is the magnet
how big is the globe itself? 4" or 6" ? thanks
We had no problem getting it to levitate (once we moved away from a metal table that was interfering) but it doesn't rotate at all. Any thoughts?
Does any of this Fascinations Levitron Globe Ion ever work?
does this item is compatible to Discovery Kids 77-piece Build and Play Construction Fort Set
Is this comfortable for our baby?
EZ-Fort: Are there any others on the market like ez-fort or toobeez?
Will two adults fit in this fort (sitting down)?
Why this product is special for kids?
Is it compatible with cranium forts
Is this a just playhouse?
How does this compare with the Magic Forts Kit in terms of number of pieces, durability and versatility of building different structures. The Magic Forts is also much more expensive?
will the price of the webkinz signature go down?
What are the measurements?
Does anyone have JUST a Code/Tag for sale? Or do any of you guys know someone who does?
can it be a female??? or does it look.like a boy
Why is it so expensive?
price? why is this toy 49.99 on one page, 42.95 on google result, and 59.99 on this page?
Are Amy of the cards the same?
These cards include magic and trap cards, right?
cards include magic and trap cards right?
How long will it take to ship on standard shipping? Will it come early?
Does this lot contain cards from the first yugioh (2002-2006)?
Did you get any cards that was used in duelist kingdom?
Is this worth buying
Is there away to get more of the classic cards
do you ship to hamburg germany? thank you
About how many duplicates should I expect if I order this?
How big are the dinosaurs once hatched?
Do these eggs have some sort of wrapping around each one? I want to include them in party favor bags
How big does the dinosaur get
How big does the dinosaur get
For this pack of 12 dinosaur eggs, are all the eggs the same? Or is it a mix of different dinosaurs?
Could you post the instructions on how to do them? Our case came in with some sort of sticker over the instructions on each of the eggs.
for what age is this book appropriate for?
Would the book be of interest to a boy? What is the story about?
How long is the book?
does this come with a horse or just the book and poster
What scale is the horse? 1:9 or 1:12? Thank you.
What Would you rate the book?
size of the horse?
Can the ribbon be different colors? I'm checking for twin girls and want it to be different.
is the nose embroidered or is it a button nose
The bear is advertised as 22" standing. But how tall is the bear seated?
Is this teddy bear mnade in the USA?
Can you wash this teddy bear in the washing machine and/or dryer?
Do you got this teddy bear in Brown sugar color?
Could you please tell me when the teddy bear is manufactured from?
does it work with lego city?
Will this work with the sets for older kids like Star Wars?
Will this work with Lego Duplos?
will this plates work in order to build a lego wall ?
Will this work with the Lego Junior sets?
why has the price of this items more than double in the last few months?
Is there cheaper shipping if I but in bulk? I need 15 of them
will these lego building plates work with the girls lego friends editions?
Will it work for Duplo series for little baby?
Has anyone ever tried to file these plates? Trying to convert a train table to a Lego table and was planning to purchase the plates for the base.
what are the appropriate ages
legos for 6 year old boy
What is the benefit of Duplos over Megablocks?
How much extra room is in the bucket for extra LEGOs?
We own this 71 piece set already. I'd like to purchase more blocks to fill the container. Would the 80 piece set, no. 6176 fit?
Can you tell me the measurements of the box?
how big is the building plate when compared to the deluxe lego duplo 5507
what pieces are in this
Is this BPA free?
does this have small pieces
size
is it furry
Do the saddles come off?
Are these good for playing with Barbie's? My nieces want horses for their Barbies but those Barbie horses are expensive
What are the sizes of the horses
how big?
what is the height of the adult horses (not the package?)
What are the dimensions of the actual horses (as opposed to the package)?
Would the Fisher Price Loving Family Figures fit inside the bus?
Does it have a stop sign that comes out on the side. This part is very important to my granddaughter.
will a regular barbie doll fit inside the bus sitting?
Does anyone know if Barbie Chelsea dolls would fit in this bus? Chelsea dolls are about 4 inches tall. Thanks
does the bus come naked without any packing?
Do the little figures come with the bus?
would this be able to fit the mini lalaloopsy inside? The only lalaloopsy buses available on here are $68 where they used to be $17 at walmart!!!!
Does the pull starter pull?
Is it super noisy -- as in, how tolerable would it be indoors?
How large is are blades?
where is it made?
What size and how many batteries does it use? also, does it come with any batteries?
those this come with something to blow it up?
how many children could it hold
dimensions deflated box dimensions? Coming to estimate the price of shipping abroad.
does it come with something to inflate
Hello i dont speak english but i want the size? I. Am venezolan im sorry for not escribir good
How do I blow it up?
Does it come with an air pump?
what are the measurements? I'm +debating between this one and the intex jump o lean transparent ting bounce but can't seem to find the size of either one...
what is the size?
what is the height n width of this bouncer?
How large is this robot?
Can you turn the sound off?
How big is it?
does it come with discs?
Has anyone found refill discs that actually fit?
Is there a specific way to load the discs? It's not shooting them.
He can walk.?
Can you ship to Canada?
he speak spanish ?
Where's my Robot. The tracking says the carrier lost it. So not happy that this happened again &amp; certainly will not be going through you again.
Does any bridge game run on Windows 8.1? Can I download from the seller?
No operating system: Can this software be used on aMacintosh operating system?
does it work on windows 7?
How long is it?
How many pennants does this have?
What are the dimensions of the banner?
I see the dimensions listed, is this really only 13 inches long?
Are the sounds realistic and does the leaf blower actually blow leaves?
Is the kit contain the gloves &amp; goggles?
Does anyone know where we could buy just the weed trimmer? My son loved it and he left it outside and we cannot find it. Would love to get another
My son 4 year old is 42 inches tall, are the toys a good size for him now and maybe one more year or two?
Do the chainsaw and weed trimmer have pull cords
do they all run on batteries - other than the lawmower
what is the length of the weed trimmer?
What is the height of the lawn mower handle?
Does the lawnmower run on batteries?
How big is the weed trimmer (in inches)?
Is there anyway for me to order another rc controller I can't seem to find mines
Titanic RC model do you ship to Australia
How big is it?
I understand it si a 7.2v, 700mA Ni-cadium battery but what is the configuration to fit into Titantic. i want to get a back up battery. pls advise with specifics. Thanks!!
do the funnel lights have to be on when the superstructure lights are on?
how do i order replacement parts?
does it work in salt water. i have tried other products and after one or two days they stopped working
Hi, does the charger work with 220V? Thank you :-)
Is this a good ship for people who have been sailing 32"-40" long war ships?
How does the on off switch work? Our button does not move
Do preemie clothes fit this doll?
does it have an umbilical stump?
is it cloth or does it look like a real baby all over?
do they smell
Does a pacifier fit in the mouth or stay in the mouth
Are the head, hands &amp; legs movable?
What do you mean by "anatomically correct"?
Is the doll weighted to feel like a real baby, I have heard of dolls that have sand or fluid in them
do the magic bottles fit in the dolls mouth?
Is this a silicone reborn doll
is it strong enough to hold the thread while your're working? like for adults?
Is there only one design, or how many and what are they?
Are extra beads available to purchase?
Is this item really appropriate for a 6 year old or will it be frustrating? Most reviews seem to be for kids a couple years older. Thank you
What age group is this for?
Are the arms and legs moveable or is it one position only?
I am looking for a baby boy doll that is not circumcised...does this doll have an intact penis?
Help! How can I remove a permanent marker smudge from the forehead? Looks like a bruise. :-(
can you put this doll in water to bathe it?
what size does he wear and does he come with everything shown in the picture
Can he have a pacifier?
What baby clothes fit this doll? I would like to buy some baby clothes for the doll so my daughter can change outfits.
Do eyes open and close?
how much more in stock
can you give him a bath
Can you attach two of the same starter sets together? I.e. if I buy two of the thomas rides the rails, can they both be attached together?
Is Thomas diecast or plastic? Does he say any phrases?
Which add ons (Like Annie and Clarabel?) can hook up to the engine?
Would 4 and 5 year old boys generally still like this?
Is this motorized
Does this come with 1 AA battery?
what is in the box? Only tracks &amp; station? engine?
theres a thomas wooden caboose with magnet attachment on amazon. will that work on this and attach to this thomas
The Maron Station Starter Set does not say "Trackmaster" as other stations do: is there a difference in compatibility?
Can the track be reconfigured into a plain circle?
How big are the squares on the board and how tall is the King?
how big is it the board
Where are the pieces stored that are not being used for one of the 3 games?
Are all the playing pieces wooden as well?
Is the board &amp; game pieces magnetic?
can u buy matching pieces lost or taken
are these 3 separate boards and therefore the 3 different games can be played simultaneously?
One of the white backgammon/checkers pieces is deformed. Can you please send another piece?
There were no instructions included in my set. How can I go about getting a set of instructions? I do not know how to play chess or Backgammon. This is frustrating!
Hi. Where do you actually ship to?
What size dolls would be good for this house?
Would a Barbie life in a dream house fit in the dollhouse?
What is the scale of this dollhouse (for the purposes of buying figures to go in it?)
Did your child like this house design as much as a more traditional design?
where can I buy a furniture kit? I bought the house at a garage sale but I'm having a hard time finding the furniture
Hello. Tell me, please: how much will cost shipping to Russia this house?
HOW TALL ISS THE HOUSE?
Does it come with furniture for the whole house?
Does the house come in the box dismounted? Or does it come in the box totaly assembled like this picture. What is the box dimensions for shipping ?
I got this doll house for my grand daughter for her birthday in April. My question is has anyone added lights or a door bell to it? Is it possible?
Will these connect with other plastic Thomas tracks that do not have the "train track" markings? The ones we have are just plain gray.
Are these tracks wood or plastic?
We currently have no tracks. Can this be used as a track set on its own? Most people have other tracks in addition to this.
Can these be used with Take along Set?
Do these tracks work well with the newer "increased performance" trains and track?
Will these work with the "Thomas the Train: All Around Sodor" set?
What is the DIFFERENCE between this one AND TrackMaster ULTIMATE Expansion Track Pack ?
are these compatible with take n play trains?
Are these tracks for Thomas the train Ride on? I am buying for grandson.
Will the trackmaster track work with the take n play trains?
size
I have read MANY reviews stating that this does not come with everything that it says it does. Can you guarantee that I will get ALL rooms and people?
how much does it weight?
My granddaughter is age 2. Do you think she is too young for this dollhouse ?
in the description it says it includes family with twins but in the "you will receive" part does not mention family. just trying to be clear about what all is included. what is the difference between the grand set and the super set? thanks!
Does this particular set come with the family as well?
I got the dimensions of height and width but the depth is not mentioned and I need to know that. How deep is the product?
Does this grand doll house come with an African American family?
Does it come with the dogs?
is this a wooden doll house?
what are the dimensions?
Does it have a floor?
Would it be good for my 4 year old granddaughter? She is large for her age.
IS there a way to get replacement poles?
I need replacement poles is it possible to make this purchase
Can it be used outside?
Is the item fireproof?
Why does the image show light pink and different than the tent on the main page - how do I know what tent I will actually recieve?
What are the dimensions of the box it comes in? I would like to take it in a suitcase. Is it possible to pack it even smaller than shipping box?
Does anyone have the assembly instructions?
Does the tent have windows like it shows in one of the pictures?
Hi is this tent suitable for 2 2 years old ? I want both my twins to be able to go in it. Thanks !
How big is this castle??
Is this pink or red? I am looking for a red one. Please let me know- thanks!
Is this pink or red? I am looking for a red one. Please let me know- thanks!
I bought this tent for my grandson, and it's great. The only problem is I can't get it in the bag it came in. Directions are no good. Please help!
Does this just have one door or is there another opening on the opposite side?
Are the windows covered in mesh or are they just open?
is 1-2 too young for this tent?\
I'd like to know actual weight and dimensional weight (size). I want to ship it to Canada, I'm afraid the DIM wight is bigger than actual weight.
i got one for my 3 year old daugher, she has fun with it, but i don't know how to change battery, i can not find any manual online, waste a morning
What is the megapixels
Is this Mac compatible?
Can I use an SD card to transfer the photos from the camera to my computer?
Ok, which set is this? Hexbug Bridge Battle Playset I noticed the title says this is the bridge battle set, but the images show the nano habitat, so which one is this?
Hexbug Nano Habitat price on Amazon: Why is the Hexbug Nano Habitat $50 more on Amazon than anywhere else?
does it come with a hexbug nano
is this plane already assembled or do you have to build it from scratch
Is this a good beginner plane?
will this bind to an ember 2 controller?
does it come with a receiver I'm guessing not.
will This bind with a Spektrum DX6i transmitter
A reviewer broke his in half several times; taped back together. I assume this would be the wing?
cannot get my bnf to work with dx6i
whats the total available channels on the Super Cub LP
what would be a good kit to install flaps on the SuperCub
How does it handle wind? We have been getting about 1 to 5 mph gusts lately and my micros won't handle it well. Will it power through it on lift off?
can you put water into the pot and really pour into the cups?
What is the size of teapot? TIA!
Does the tea pot make any sound as t is being poured?
pour wather
What ages is this recommended for?
is it bpa free
Why does the descriptions say "Boys will love learning to hammer nails into holes?" Don't girls enjoy toys like this too?
What is the suggested age range for this drill?
What is the kit made of?
does the drill really work to screw in the bits or nails
Is this drill a wind up or does it need batteries?
The smaller drill bit fits the screws. What is the larger drill bit for? It doesn't seem to fit anything.
Does the drill run on batteries?
My son has this toy, but we recently lost both the interchangeable bits on the drill. Is there a place where I can find just the missing parts?
Is the frustration free packaging suitable for giving this toy as a gift?
Are the nails compatible with the fisher price workbench?
Hi. I want good condition of the packing box. Can you pack it well before shipping
Do you ship to Sweden ?
Could this chicken take some abuse if thrown for a dozen of play performances?
I would like to use this chicken to drop from a airplane on to a runway target for a fun flying event. Will this chicken break?
Is this stretchy rubber that wouldn't hurt someone?
Does this move around on the table top? It looks like it would slide easily.
can you play with it on carpet?
what size are the pucks?
is this appropriate for high school boys?
My kids already own this table, but it didn't come with legs. Is there anyway I can purchase the legs w/o buying another table?
is it battery powered or electric?
Is the 8" hight including the legs?
are batteries required in anyway?
Does it have an on/off switch?
what age range is it appropriate for?
Can I upgrade the battery pack on this car?
How fast does it go.
how fast does it go.
how fast does it go
how fast does it go
does this have a code so they can go on the internet and play
I noticed in the product images from customers that the color isn't like the one in the picture. Are all of them this color?
Does this still look like the stock picture? Red color? It doesn't really look like a red panda but I think this picture is cute
The description says it's both 5" tall and 7" tall, and the reviews differ on saying what size it is. Is it beanie baby or beanie buddy size?
how big is he?
What is the size for this george pig with the dino?
What is the actual size of the domino? I have a set that feels like toys.
Are these Dominoes able to stand on their own?
It the box is varnished?
Does the domino case have a scoreboard and pins similar to a cribbage board?
I'd like to know if the dominoes are 3/8" thick or 1/4" thick. Thank you.
Hello, is this domino set engraved or just colored?
What are those little metal dots?
how much water does it take
what ages is this for
does this need the air pump constantly running to keep it inflated? what are the dimentions?
What is the height of the slide?
Hi would you know what the shipping dimensions &amp; weight of the pool are?
Does the height of this include the arches on top of the slide or to where you sit on the slide?
if the water hose breaks, can I fix it myself or need to order a piece
What is the total capacity? Can 10 eight yr old boys play at once for a party?
Whats the manufacture recommended age group
age
Does the sprinkler feature need a house plugged into it? Can I turn off the sprinkler feature if my baby its in it??
can i put it in a bath tub?
How do I turn on the sprinkler?
The dimensions for the pool say 10.5 L, I know that can't be right. What are the actual dimensions of the pool?
Does this come off walls easily?? would like to use as border
Is it posible to get this shipped to Norway?
does it come off carpet and floors easily?
can you buy in stores?
It wont run
We're on our second car now from Amazon. The car keeps stopping dead while driving forwards. Also slow. Stock battery to blame?
What are the axles and driveshaft made from?
what is the top speed
Should I go with a 2S or 3S Lipo?
how fast does it go
Is this waterproof? would it have any problems going through wet grass?
Is this better than the traxxas bandit XL-5? as far as speed and durablity out of the box?
Is this waterproof? would it have any problems going through wet grass?
Do both body designs come with a 2.4ghz radio? The baby blue car doesn't specify but the dark blue does.
what series of engine does the rocket need
does it work for other rockets
Can you tilt the angle of the rod to adjust for wind?
Is this product ready to fly out of the box?
Does the rocket come pre-assembled or do you have to put parts together/add decals?
Would I be able to fit an egg inside of it? Its for a science project
Mine shipped w/ no instructions &amp; it's not fully assembled as described. Instead of leaving a poor review (which I really WANT to do) does antone have a PDF of the instructions? No idea how to attach parachute or long rubber band to attach rocket tip...
Which motor!?!?!
how big is the clear tube?
what tipe of engine does it need?
Can't you just use a can of spray paint to paint these rockets or MUST you use paint from a hoby shop?
What skill level is this rocket?
Specifically what type of launch pad is required? I already have an Estes PortaPad II.
does this rocket require you to buy a launcher
does the estes 2454 kit come with a launcher
Would I be able to fit an egg inside of it? Its for a science project
So after the rocket launches, what happens to the payload? Is the parachute in the silver tube, and the clear tube pops off with the nose cone?
What exactly is the list of items I need to purchase with this rocket to give as a functional gift?
how long is it?
wing span of model in inches ?
Is this a good beginners model ? I would like to get this for my 13 year old cousin
wing span 1/72 b24 ?
can you fly it
Can the model be built with the landing gear up?
does it have a controller
Killerspin jet 600: killerspin ping pong paddles jet 600 what rubber is used and how good is this paddle?
Is this for handshake or penhold?
Is the rubber on this paddle tacky? My paddle has no stick to it at all. Rep seemed unsure when called.
Would any of you recommend buying the rubber cleaning spray? Is there a free way to clean the rubbers?
Killerspin Jet-600 VS STIGA Pro Carbon, which one is better? Are they both for professionals?
Does this racket come with a good racket cover?
Is the rubber on this replaceable?
Would we be able to get overnight shipping? In dire need for our 12 year olds bday tomorrow!
is this figure good to get
is this the same boba fett in the 30th commentative and does he have a blaster in the 30th commentaive
is this the same boba fett that comentative blu ray pack has and deos the blu ray pack have a pistol
How high is it at the lowest setting?
it says rail can hold 1000, but on the information it states only good for up to 130 lbs. would someone please explain the difference. thank you
Is a 2' mat thick enough for this bar or do I need a thicker one?
Does it come with the bars going from side to side on the floor? Is it necessary to get the extension parts as well?
how does it not fall and wobble
Does the bar raise up to a higher height than the stated 33 inches?
How much weight can it hold?
I need the adjustment knob
What surface is your bar standing on for the best stability - carpet? mat? concrete floor? Our bar is on concrete garage floor and super wobbles.
What is the minimum ceiling height required for a level 4 gymnast doing kips. She is 10 and 56 inches tall.
Help. How do you put his cape on? I know its just thin felt and I have to be careful trying to put it on.
Is this the batman figure from the Lego Movie?
Does it come with instructions? Do you have to put it together or does it come assembled?
how big is the figure
Does the "new" product come in package?
Is this the orignal lego batman minifigure or the new one?
Does the top part of blender come off?
Do you pour real water into the coffee maker? My daughter plays with one like that at a friends and would lvoe one that you use real water with
Is the mixing bowl removable?
Does the blender spin and make blender noises?
Are they small in size? How tall is the toaster?
Could the mixer be used to actually mix ingredients for her easy bake oven? And could we for example put yoghurt in the blender to simulate "real cooking"?
Are these toys noisy?
what is the warranty on these?
Will the accessory set work with Marbleworks by Discovery Toys
I"m confused. This set is said to be compatible with Mindware and Galt. When looking at the Galt set, it said that was not compatble with Mindware.
is this compatible to the marble run by mindware?
Is it compatible with "Marbutopia" sets ?????
Is this compatible with Discovery Toys Marbleworks?
Will this accessory set fit the Imaginarium brand? I see the question has already been asked but the answer given was useless.
Does anyone know if this set is compatible with the Imaginarium Brand?
Can You tell the diameter of the pipe?
Is this product compatible with the Marbulous Translucent Marble Run?
Does anyone know if these add-on pieces are compatible with the Marbulous Marble Run set? Thanks!
Would it be appropriate for a 12-year old who has built the most advanced Lego sets (Tower Bridge, Carousel, etc.) but who likes to use his imaginatio
Is this box enough to start with for my almost 4 year old? Should I buy an extra building plate and blocks too? FYI we have all carpet.
Is this set big enough for two kids to play at the same time without fighting over pieces? My boys are going to be five and six.
Can the pieces from this set be used with the Legos Junior pieces? Will they interconnect?
Can the Lego Bricks&amp;More be combined with the Lego City building sets? Are they of the same dimensions as the bricks in the Lego City sets?
technics
Does this also come with a manual for lego building ideas?
Does this set come with a base plate?
is this lego set appropriate for my 3 yr old kid?
is it the same size as lego city?
How wide is the prize chute?
is it 31" tall or 13"?
do you use real money for it to work
How big is it?
Is it durable
Does it come with toys or not? The CP version should. The Amazon "Product Description" says it does; but the bold letters at the top says it does not
Does the carnival crane game take real coins?
what candy can you use for it?
Can you ship to Canada?
How do I get the tokens out of the machine?
How do you protect your dry erase board or chalkboard? The design of the easel is such that the paper can't cover either board entirely.
Are both rolls 18 x 75?
Will this roll work wity the Hape easel?
Will this for the IKEA easel/table roll?
Are these actually 75' long? Seems like other refills are only 25' long so want to make sure I understand pricing.
If used on the Melissa &amp; Doug easel, how many times can you use this paper at full-size, tear off, pull down and use again?
Will this toy shoot regular sized ping pong balls?
will beer pong balls work in gun?
Does anyone sell glow in the dark replacements balls for this gun?
Does it make a "burp" noise like the original burp gun?
Can the high between shelves allow for top rail powered HO trains? From the picture it looks tight with some of the larger diesels. Thanks
Not clear where the hinge is placed: on the top? how do you keep it open when removing a model?
What is the inside depth of the case from the back to the inside face of the cover?
What is the inside depth of the case from the back to the inside face of the cover?
Is the display case grooved for HO wheels?
Would this shelf rest on the ground or does one have to hang it up.
is the case key lockable?
What is the height of each row? I.e will action figures such as g.i. Joe or star wars fit in the rows?
what are the dimensions of this case?
hows the amp?
How does the guitar sound?
am just about to start learning to play the bass tell me is this a very good 1 to start with
is it for kids
How many bells come per pack?
How loud are they?
WHAT IS THE SIZE OF THE BELL?
How big are they?
I need bells for my fence so my puppy won't climb the fence. Loud, too. Maybe string them?
do these decks include jokers?
Do the cards come with the clear plastic case as shown in one of the pictures?
Is the measurement 2-1/2" W x 3-1/2" L?
Could anyone tell me the dimensions of this card? I just both other brand last week but they are smaller than the regular size, I am not satisfied..
Is that 52 cards for a set?
How many card in each set ? Is that 52 card ?
how many card in each set ? 48 card or 52cards?
Are they jumbo?
are the cases made of plastic or cardboard?
when you order the cards do the corners come cut off? that's what it looks like in the pictures but i cant tell.
What are the dimensions?
Can I put this in a luggage ?
Is this product made of composite wood/mdf?
Can the Melissa and Doug cookie sheet fit inside the oven? What are the dimensions of the oven? How deep is sink?
What height is the actual worktop? (I presume 35" is the overall height.)
Would this be too short for an average height 7 yr. Old?
What is the floor to counter measurement of this kitchen?
Does this kitchen make any sound?
Looking for a play kitchen for my 2 year old and my 9 year old help
Could someone tell me how wide this is, fully assembled? Thank!
what are the measures of the box
How wide is the oven itself? We want to fit her toy cookie sheet inside.
Is the kitchen made in Indonesia and is it solid wood or mdf? Thanks!
what are the box dimensions?
I am wondering how tall the stove top and sink surface is?
Are mane and tail made of realistic, hair-like material or hard plastic?
What age appropriate is the book?
How large is the horse
What reading level?
What is the power source?
Is it also battery-operated? If so, what batteries does it takes?
can you plug in it to a 110v outlet
Hi, will this also work with 220V, if not, what is the wattage, please? Thank you very much!
Is there an on/off switch?
What light bulb does it take when it burns out?
can you plug it in a car cigarette lighter
Does it have a siren
How tall is the piano?
My son is 4, and a little bit taller than most kids his age. Worried that this may be too small for him. What do you think?
Is this a real piano or play
Do you guarantee nice paint.
Does it run by electricity or batteries ?
where is this piano made?
Does it sound like a piano? or more of a toy?
Is a plastic piano or another material?
Will it arrive with all the parts?
does the piano open up?
Any good recommendations for stands? Especially, for the smaller ships and the Enterprise D kit?
is this set good in quality?
Hi, please let me know the measurements of the ships, lenght, width, thanks!
Anyone use this for a baby smaller than 1? My baby can just about sit on his own at 6 months - thoughts?
Has anyone used it as a ball bit during winter season? How many balls of size 2.25'', 2.5'' or 3'' do you need ?
I have a concrete backyard patio... is it soft enough for my 10 month old to sit in if it's on concrete?
Can you blow this up yourself or do you need an air pump of some sort?
is this pool non-toxic to babies, ie BPA and phthalate free?
what age group
Age of player? I am wondering if I can buy this as a gift for my 2nd grade niece and 4th nephew to play together.
Hi! I was wondering if this game is for a 7 year old girl. Thank you!
We found a broken sand-timer when we opened the game. Does anyone know how much time the sand-timer is set for? Thank you.
We have had (and enjoyed) this game for a while, but have since lost the cards telling what items to find. Can anyone list the findable items?
Does anyone know how many there are of each mystery item? Some Goldbug items we're able to find 10 (# of magnifying glasses), do they all have 10?
is the board really 6 feet long?
We love this Busytown game so much, as well as the Busytown airport game. Can anyone recommend other games that you and your 4-5 year old really love?
can someone tell me how long the sand timer is approximately? mine came broken. i'm just going to use a timer. thanks!!
How long does it take to play the game?
How does this set differ from the 'Structures' set and does one have an advantage over the other? If you were to buy only one of them- which one?
Is this a product an adult would enjoy playing with?
age for which appropriate
Are these compatible with citiblocs?
Do you sell replacement balls? Our kids have been loving these for years, but we've lost all the balls. Ping-pong balls work but are a little larger.
Can you make a catapult or trebuchet with this kit?
Quality
Just how easy is it for a 7 year old to assemble &amp; 'balance' these to build a whole working structure?
is this toy ok for a 3 year old and a 4 year old
Does the 200 plank set contain instructions for all the instructions in the 50 plank set?
How does it fit?
What size doll are these clothes for?
Has anyone actually put these on the Madam Alexander 18"? Do they truly fit?
Will this outfit work for a Madam Alexander 18" doll?
dolls clothes for a alexander doll
Carolina american doll
The cat doesn't work! ! ! ! We even replaced batteries! ! ! My girl cried yesterday, she longed in the birthday! ! ! I ask to understand! ! ! Elena.
I gave this as a gift. The baby's family said there is no way to change the batteries. Does anyone know?
I bought this cat on October 14, 2014 to present to the daughter on birthday on April 21, 2014! ! ! Yesterday we unpacked it, and it doesn't work! ! !
what does he do?
How is the bark? Is it loud and annoying? Do you find that you wish the battery would run out quickly so the dog will shut up?
WANT TO KNOW WHAT SIZE IT IS
SIZE OF DOG?
What made you decide on this vs. model 9917?
I need this product be Friday April 17, will I get it by then
how many day will it take for me to received my moon bouncer I need it for Friday 9/26/14
I need to know the shipping dimensions of the box and shipping weight
which are measures of the box?
How big is the actual bounce area inside?
I want to buy this for my son. What "accessories" (other items) do I need to buy for it to work (batteries, wadding, etc.)?
what other items do I need to purchase for the set to work?
If I bought this, what other accessories would I have to buy in order to have a successful launch?
Exactly which rocket motor and rocket motor igniter models do I need for this particular set? Lee W.
the eng.A8-3 dont fire, why?
Why do they recommend a different motor for the "first flight?" Does the first motor tell the rocket to be nice to the second, different motor on the subsequent flight?
How many time can you use the rocket?
Can you ship this and other items to Austria? What would be additional charge?
what are the ages
is it preassembled and what does the wadding do?
Is it compatible for most drift 1/10 4wd rc CAR nitro RTR?thanks
what type of gas do you need
Do the redcat cars come with glow plug igniters or no?
how much nitro does it hold
what kind of battery does the starter use?
does it come with feul
can it start a gas moter
I know this says nitro but can you use regular gas as well?
does it come with air filter oil or after run oil and do I need that?
Can u use it for 1/8
How high does this rainbow project up? We need it for a Play and have Vaulted Ceilling in the Church.
Can someone please tell me if a DC cord can be plugged into it? Is is strictly battery only? What size battery. Thank you all!
Would this work at all in a dim room (ie one window without direct sunlight during the day)?
Does this come in an attractive box?
what size batteries does it take?
What kind of batteries does it take?
I'm looking to purchase stronger batteries for this car. Could you please list all the batteries that would fit this product for me to purchase.
Does this operate in the yard as well as paved areas? If not, does anyone have any suggestions on a rc that does well in grass for about this price?
how big is it?
Our battery only lasts about 7 minutes. We called the company and they said that was normal. Is this so?
What is the ground clearance?
Are motors brushless?
what maintenance does it require
does it require assembly?
is this any better then the just regular bandit from traxxas?
how many mph is it?
what should i do if i lose the pen
Is this compatible with a Mac computer... thanks!
Does is have an output for an AC adapter
can this interactive globe be setup in Spanish also?
Can I update it with my Mac?
Does the globe have to be connected to the internet to work?
If the update seems to be such a big problem, why does the pen need to be updated in the first place? Can you not just use it as is?? Thank you.
Does it use brand specific cars or can you use Hot Wheels AND other brands. I'm looking for a pretty basic track set for fun with my grand-daughter.
Does it come with cars
need to get the manual
what ages
How much space does the track take up?
is extension track available?
My bulb is approximately 4.65 Outside Diameter, 3.75 Inside Diameter, 12W 120V. Is this the correct replacement? Thank you.
My lamp is MC353W Table Magnifier Lamp. The bulb that burnt out is FCL/T4 11w. Will this bulb replace that?
Is this a two prong bulb?
Why does this case say 'handmade from real wood'? Are there wood parts in this case?
Does it come with any trains?
I am wondering if the take-n-play engines will work with this. Is the mat flat or smooth with images of tracks or are they actual wooden tracks?
What are the dimensions of the carry case when zipped up - trying to work out how big it is for general storage at home?
What are the dimensions of the play mat when its folded out?
I have purchased other Nina Ottosson games. They usually have a number indicating the level of the puzzle. What is the level of this puzzle?
Do you sell the bone stoppers separately? My dog chewed off all of them over time and don't have any more left and she loves this toy!
can it be used in an apartment
My newly-adopted pit bull is being treated for heartworm &amp; has to stay pretty still for 6 weeks- does this toy require a lot of physical activity?
Anyone know of a more challenging puzzle for dogs? My 3-lb dog solves this in 3 minutes; need something that'll take longer! Thanks in advance! :)
I have old dogs and a 2 year old cat that is into everything. Does anyone have experience using this with a cat?
What is the best puzzle game to start a 2 year old Great Dane?
I have 2 young pups, 4 months 10 pounds and 7 months 20 pounds, would this be good for them?
What size dog is this best for? i have a 100 pound bernse mountain dog; will this be too small?
Where was it made?
How do you wash it?
grandpobah does the boo tag say its name in japanese
LUIGIS MANSION DARK MOON DOLLS
how big is it?
what is the height?
can you use it outside of the pool? just to sun tan outside?
Is it possible to flip the float over and lay flat?
What depth of water in inches can the inside of the New Swimline 9052 71" pool inflatable Suntan Tub Float Lounge hold ?
does it take long to inflate/deflate and how much room does it take once deflated?
where does it ship from
How fast is it and how controlable is it.
Does it really take 17-28 days to deliver the package?
i would like to order three diffrent colorthree diffrent frequencey
i ordered two cars and they can exactly the same how do I oreder another one with a different frequency?
Does it come with a controller?
how fast does the mini buggy go
can you change the frequency?
how long does the batterie last until you have to charge again ?
can u run two cars at the same time?
What is the over all dimensions of this?
Can you swap the location of the ladder and the climbing wall?
Can you tell me how high the monkey bars are from the ground? Thanks.
My older children really want a swingset. Their ages are 9-12 and and they are on the smaller side. Do any of you have older kids that use this?
Do I need Concrete or Landscape blocks for footings to avoid wood rot when in contact with the ground?
does it need to have wood protector?
Can you assemble it without the balcony? That's really high IMO and gives access to the roof.
Do the measurements include the slide?
What are the dimensions of the sand box area?
Is it sturdy enough for 11 year old
What shipping company is used?
can this be used in officially in a game?
Is it a real Obelisk the Tormentor card?
Is this product the original CJ Products MY Pillow Pets Brand? Does it look like the image shown?
Is this the "My Pillow Pets" brand?
Is this 18"? The title says 18", yet under details product dimensions are 13".
Would this shade attach to chains?
Do the ropes come with the swing
what colors does it come in?
how do I change sounds
Is this actually the The Annoy-a-tron 2.0? Exact same pic that's on Think Geek's site.
how often does the sound go off?
How many does it come with?
What way does the battery go??
What is this machine?
What does it do
Will my head explode in fear?
Is this really $129.99?
battery
What scale is it 1:64 or other similar to matchbox military vehicles (compatible)? Thanks
What are the dimensions of each of the tanks in the Deluxe Military Die Cast Toy Tanks--3 piece set?
Are these 1/35 or 1/32 scale ?
What is the power source on this console? I'm looking to use it in my suburban for a long rode trip with 3 little kids. Can it plug into a car charger
Does this take batteries?
does this have a pacman, super mario brothers, tanks, combat etc?
what games are included in the set?
Does it have SD card slot
what tank games are they
Is this actually 18 inches or 13 by 9 . the title for item says 18 inches and product details says its 13x9. confusing. thanks
Is this for dogs or children? I had done a search for a pillow for my dog.
Title says MY Pillow Pets, sold by Pillow Pets. One reviewer says Pillow Pets is a knock-off trade name. I want to know if the item I want is MY etc
What is the size of it indeed? Is it 18 inches? I saw below "Product Dimensions: 13.3 x 9 x 7.1 inches ; 1.3 pounds".
Does this come packaged in plastic or loose in a box?
Is this actually a "My Pillow Pet" or the awful knock off brand?
How big is it?
For the 20" bunny. How tall is it standing up without the ears?
How tall is it standing up without the ears
How to is it standing up without the ears
does it chime? is there an inner bell?
How to clean and dry?
What is the size
How huge is huge? I have a 6yr old who wants a HUGE bunny from the Easter Bunny. At least 40" tall.
so in when we by we get 50 cards
The cards, how rare exacly are the cards?
Are they good cards pls be honest i really like it
it have repeat cards?
Are the 3 Egyptian gods included?
Does it come with god cards?
any synchros?
Does it have good cards
What color tank did you get (Tan) as shown? mine came all green even the driver is green &amp; small pieces not factory assembled
dose this tank come as shown, painted, assembled decals on ect.
what crystal is in these?
Does this tank come with metal or plastic tracks ?
Does anyone know why this tank will only move about one foot and then not run anymore? (First use).
Do the links disconnect?
Is the clicking very loud? Could a child use it at (under) his desk during class without disturbing others?
Hello. Can you tell me about how long this is when laid out straight?
IS THIS A SET OR JUST ONE
how may I order more colors. I click on different ones, when put into basket. It changes back to the blue/green one before I complete the order.
Will they be shipped in a variety of colors if I buy 5 for my grandchildren, 3 girls and 1 boy?
Is this product latex-free?
Can you re-record on this device?
App how many times can 1 recording be played back? It will not be re-recorded at any point
This says up to 5 greetings to share the 5 minutes. Can one song/greeting take up the entire 5 minutes without having to press multiple buttons?
How long are th leads?
can i record all 5 minutes on one segment or does it have to be split up into 5?
is there a carry strap or handle
Does it fit the new Dx 6 that has recently been released?
Does anyone know if the (Spektrum) DX8 will fit in this case?
Will the DX6i fit? It only says DX6.
Will this fit a DX9?
Does a GRAUPNER MX-16 fit in this case?
Can anyone confirm whether or not a Futaba 8FG will fit in this case? I know it's meant for Spek radios but.....
Does it have a whole in the end? I would like to use as office restroom key holder.
what is the diameter of the tube?
What is the clear liquid inside the tube -- water OR glycerin (oil)-like substance?
Question to seller. Can I buy 10 and would shipping costs stay at 4:99??
can you combine the shipping to purchase the 14 available?
How long is this?
Do you only have one colour?
What is the outer material (the "skin") made of? It looks like some kind of nylon. Is the quality of this item good?
I just want to know how cuddley it is?
How tall is this? (In inches please) From the bottom to the top of the ears.
these questions appear on all the distributors pages so how do i know that your distributor is the same one that im using?
I bought a bunny from another distributor with this same image but it was a different bunny. can you guarantee the product is the same as the pic?
Does anyone know why it has an age of 14+? Is there something in the materials... cause there are no small parts.
is this machine washable, or washable at all? i have it but i got dirty, no stain thankfully but it smells awful so could anyone help me please?
How Big is it?
Movable? Does this have to be bolted to the ground somehow?
Would this be good for my 9 year old son as something "additional" in the yard to utilize?
How flat does your yard need to be to support this?
Is the one for$169 really good and fun for kids up to 12yo?
How long does this take to assemble and is it difficult or easy to put together? Any special tools needed?
Appropriate for a Kindergarten playground?
Will this rust if left out, how does it work in and around sprinklers in the grass?
What does it mean 6' safety radius? It needs 6 feet around the structure to be safe while playing?
Has anyone used this indoors with a mat? Wondering what size mat(s) would work.
I desperately want one of these in New Zealand. Has anyone figured out how to get it shipped internationally?
will this stick on a door?
Dimensions: Does anyone know the deminsions of this backboard?
does it have suction cups?
is it cheap cardboard or more durable?
what is the diameter of the hoop?
does it come with the ball?
Would this be good for a 3 year old?
Can you stick it to a wall? Is it a foam ball or like a real basketball?
total size
Will it lip on a trash can or waste basket?
what is the backboard made of?
do both hoops keep score
I have 8ft ceilings, with the backboard at the 82" height (6.8") do you think there is enough ceiling space to shoot?
Does this unit fold up? There appears to be a hinge on the bottom rail towards the back.
Can I order a replacement rim?
shows closing for storage when folded is it easy to relocate to another room or outdoors? Bought for the grands for christmas,now thinking too big!
Would this hold up well if kept outdoors?
How tall does the ceiling need to be?
I am planning to use this system outdoor on a sunny day. Will it effect the scoring system?
I have 7 ft ceilings high enough, will the game fit or is it too tall?
I understand the body is soft, is the head soft too?
Can anyone tell me what the circumference of this doll's head is? I'm looking for a doll that is proportioned realistically. Thank you!
can this doll use a real baby pacifier in her mouth ? i just wonder ?.
is it painting hair or bald no hair just blank bald head ? i wonder about this doll. how's big size of the doll's head for hat ?.
will i get this doll in real life the same this picture ? i am want to buy but i worry get different one.
is this style doll if take off the cloth will see the long feet in plasic part ot short feet in plasic part ? i have another style dolls buy from walmart same company made this doll but the style feet is longer than the new model doll of this year...
Can you tell me if the plastic limbs are just feet (or does it include knees) and just hands (or does it include elbows)?
is it has hair on head ? plastic head ? .
can i change cloth for this doll ? how does it real look like in life ? same picture ?.
how i can get this doll in pink dress ?i do not know how to contact directly to the sller for pick on right color dress of this doll ?.
How do you repeat the sounds? Does it automatically repeat them?
how do you make it stay on one sound
does it sound loud
To Standard2: so how did it turn out with the kids ride on toy car.
Where can I buy a replacement charger? 6V 4.5AH but which connector?
IS IT AN INTERESTING GIFT FOR AN 11 Year KID?
Got this as a gift. Microphone only works if you blow into it, tap on it, or hum with your mouth on it. If you talk/sing normal, nada. Is that normal?
Got this as a gift. Microphone only works if you blow into it, tap on it, it won't work If you talk/sing normal,will this microphone really works ?
Does this have a headphone jack?
I got this at Target,any idea why my "F" and "D" keys don't work?
why did it stop working
How many face pieces are there? One picture shows 6, but the boxed picture shows only 4.
If you were only going to get one set - stackdoos or spinaroos - which one would you choose (for those who have both). I have a 14 month old. Thanks!
Are these compatible with the Battat Bristle Blocks?
age
Are these compatible with the Bristle blocks?
How many in a box?
How many 'three legged' pieces do you get? Is it two or three?
It says not for kids three and under but there are muliple reviews from parents with kids under three? Lots of small parts on it, is it safe for 3 and under? Mine is 13 months.
What are the dimensions?
I'm considering buying this or Alex's Busy Town for my almost 1 year old. does this one have a rotating base or does it stand sturdy on the floor?
Does the activity top come off? I am wondering how to clean the interior to keep dust away.
where is this product made?
How do you ride it?
What do the numbers 01, 05, 08, etc. mean?
Any weight or size limits?
Is it big enough for 13 year olds?
Son will be 4 in Feb. I'm debating between this and the Zipfy jr size. Thoughts?
If I buy 10 of them will you give me a break on postage?
How well do these do on small jumps?
do you have this item in other colors? Specifically pink?
what is the difference between 3.5 and one size?
Would this work for sand dunes, ie, White Sands National Monument?
How do you ride it?
What do the numbers 01, 05, 08, etc. mean?
Any weight or size limits?
Is it big enough for 13 year olds?
Son will be 4 in Feb. I'm debating between this and the Zipfy jr size. Thoughts?
If I buy 10 of them will you give me a break on postage?
How well do these do on small jumps?
do you have this item in other colors? Specifically pink?
what is the difference between 3.5 and one size?
Would this work for sand dunes, ie, White Sands National Monument?
Does this device actually enter keystrokes or just appear to do so on the monitor screen? It strikes me it could be dangerous if it really does it.
Do you have to have the stick in the computer while the prank is playing out?
how do you turn it off once the joke is over?
What is the min/max delay between 'actions'?
Are these animals that are made by US toy company and sold by Made in USA shop actually made in USA?????
Are these small? How tall are they approx?
How many are included?
Are these animals that are made by US toy company and sold by Made in USA shop actually made in USA?????
US Toy Company? Says made in China....
Where are they manufactured?
what is the diameter of the bucket?
Are there 24 buckets in the order?
how many buckets you get?
How many come in 1 order?
Are the glasses of the 10th Doctor removable?
Any joints for the classic doctors on knees or elbows
Are they all fully posable?
Are they all fully posable?
Are the doctor's heads on a ball hinge or is it stationary?
Are they really 5" scale? The product dimensions and the most critical review imply otherwise.
Now that the 12th Doctor has already been announced, will they think about soon remaking this by adding the 12th Doctor figure?
Do the heads of the Doctors come off? Especially interested in 10 &amp; 11? I need to know if the neck is attached to the head, or if the neck stays with the body and just the head pops off. I am looking to personalize either the 10th or 11th Doctor with...
Are they really 5" scale? The product dimensions and the most critical review imply otherwise.
Thinking about this as a gift. Does it come in a nice box? Does the box have a display window or is it solid? Can someone upload a customer image of box?
Are these cards good for Pinochle?
Does jumbo refer to size of cards or size of print? how do I find standard size that will fit in a card shuffler? Any difference poker/ canasta cards
Does these cards come with "Jokers" to play Spades?
Does jumbo mean size of cards or size of print? Need standard size for shuffle machine, how do I know what size is being offered? Are poker cards same as canasta cards????
Is it possible to buy 1 more Joker for each deck? We play with 6 Jockers in total in Mexico
Are there 54 cards in a deck?
how many jokers comes per deck? Thanks everyone!
what frequency is it?
Will this work on carpeted floor?
Is it fast Lane?
do the doors &amp; hood open?
what size is it
Does it drift?
how big is it?
does anyone know what the dimensions of the packaging are? thanks!
How fast does it go?
How many mph does the car go?
Do the tattoos come in sheets? Are there at least twelve or is it 144 loose tattooes?
how many tattoos total?
how many tattoos are there per order?
Do you send to Brazil?
how heavy is the item?
How tall is this item?
JP or HK version? look at sticker. (versions are different...materials, etc.. that's why I ask)
Whats the armour material? Metal or plastic?
does it come with two armors
Are the electronics waterproof? We've lost several boats due to wet electronics.
What is the size?
how long is this boat and how fast?
How long is typical run time on an initial charge ? Just bought one and it lasted only 5 mins Bummed !
is it a ready to run product
Is the steering rod a little thin?
how big are the props
how fast does it go
how fast does this boat go
Reverse on this boat?
Please hep me out...what are all the parts I need to buy to make this fly??
Is this a 3 channel airplane?
Is it good?
does this plane come with everything I need to fly it or do I need to buy something first such as a transmitter?
does this come like a full rc car
what do i have to add to make it run
does this fit an ecx torment
Will this fit the electric 4x4 new slash also?
can u buy this body and just use stock traxxas slash body mounts? or do i have to buy the proline extended body mounts?
how fast is this truck ?
Does the body come unpainted or do you pick a color? The original list veiw shows it navy blue and when I click the item the other pictures show it in orange with decals.
Would this body be able to fit over the integy steel roll cage? And would it need extended mounts?
does this fit slash 4x4
what is the size of this puzzle?
What are the dimensions of the puzzle?
are the pieces in one bag? or in separated ones?
Is this a ribbon cut or random cut puzzle?
can you chose which pack you get?
Do these cars run on the Hot Wheels tracks?
if I order 3 gift packs can I be sure they will all be different?
Can these be used in the bathtub?
can I get pack with a RED car in it please? If so, how do I let you know?
They can send it to Venezuela
do you have more sports cars
can the advetised 5 car gift pack work in water with Race Rally water park
do these work on the mega loop mayhem track set
Do these cars fit the double dare snare track???
Can you sing into the microphone without it playing automated songs? Or do the songs always play when it's on??
Is applause one of the sound effects? Thanks!
Would it work for a 6 year old boy?
How fast is it?
Is it a bike that you can ride
does it drive?
Can you ride it or not
Is this a model or can you ride it?
I saw where one of these puzzle boxes had 2200 different puzzles you could do. How many are in each disk? Thank you. Sherri
I meant 200 puzzles. How many are on each disk?
are there more than 400 pieces?
how many pieces in puzzles?
what do sway bars do?
I have the Platinum edition which include Sway bars. Are these the same as what I have, or will they be an upgrade?
Hi does this stabilizer bar kit fit the t-max 3.3
Does this work on slash 2 wheel drive?
It fits slash 2wd?
does this work on the stampede 4x4 vxl?
Would this be too hard for an intelligent 9-year old boy? And is there a solution to the puzzle included in the box?
How do you get the gift tray to close after inserting the gift? Mine won't shut all the way.
does it come with instructions - just in case?
is there really no instructions on how to solve it included?
Will it hold 10 $20 dollar bills?
Will it accept any coins?
Will this work with paper money?
How easy is it to later remove the coins from the bank? I would hate to have to break it or not use it once it is full.
There are many knockoffs and imitations, sold by different buyers. Please share your experience here - did you receive a good product?
The instructions that came with it are in Japanese. Are there instructions available in English?
Do the cats come in the exact box they are shown in? For example, does the american short hair come in the strawberry one?
does the kitty make a sound when collecting the coin?
Hi, I would really want to buy a bunch of these cats, could you ship to the netherlands ? I wouldn't mind paying for shipping.
Does the cat coin bank have the Japanese letters on it?
I want to see it work
why does it say gray? Is it not multicolored like the pic but all gray pieces?
Is there an online version of the manual?
What is the difference between this LONPOS and the Kanoodle?
Has the factory seal of the brown box (shipping box) been opened?
LoveJapan777, can you ship this Mech Test Version to Thailand?
Does it come with remote control
Is the durability better than the original slash body?
how big is it
do you have to build this RC?
is it just a body?
how fast dose it go
Is it powerful, does it have a trailer hitch, can it go through grass well, is it just a clear body, can it go through mud? Tell us something about it
Is it fast?
dose it come with charger battery and remote
Can I wash them by soaking them in water?
What kind of material are these blocks made of...? Plastic? Foam? Mostly concerned about how easy they are to keep clean &amp; dry out between bath times.
Can baby bite parts of it off?
Does this have all the letters of the alphabet?
I see they are bpa free, are they also pvc and phthalate free?
Has anyone else noticed that these have a bitter residue/taste? I washed them and individually rubbed down with coconut oil, but it's still present.
Why does this item state "6 mos to 3 years" and then show a big choking hazard emblem
what size are these blocks
Are these blocks BPA-free?
Has anyone put these blocks in the dishwasher?
Does it come with any pans or food?
How long are the legs that come with it? I am wondering if replacing them with 4 inch ones would make much of a height difference? Thank you
how many kg it was?? (i mean shipping weight)
is it 33 inches wide or 33 inches tall? critical b/c I have a 33 inch spot for a kid kitchen
How do you get rid of the terrible smell? Or how long doe it take for the smell to eventually go away itself?
what are the dimensions of the packaging? we live in a tiny nyc apt and have to store it (somewhere??) until xmas
Was it delivered in an Amazon box? I don't want to come home and have my son see it sitting on the porch with the contents visible.
What is the dimension of the oven? (some reviews say the Melissa and Doug cookie sheet fits and others says it doesn't)
does it really cook
Is it plastic or wood? Is it sturdy and durable?
Is the playing board magnetic too?
What type of wood are the chess pieces made of?
What is the carrying case like?
How tall is each piece, especially the king and the pawns? how big is each square? Have you gotten around to putting a protective finish on the wood?
Are the chess pieces felt covered on the bottoms, to prevent scratching the bamboo wood surface? How does the box stay closed, ie -latch or magnet?
How tall is the King and what is the diameter of the base of the King? Can you provide more pictures of the pieces?
Please let me know the exact size ??
what is the size
The dimensions in the description say it's about 6 inches tall. Many reviewers say it's about 11 inches tall. What is the true size?
ssize of doll
It just says "hook on gravity clamp".... hook onto WHAT? I need to be able to figure out what room(s) we'd be able to do this in...
ages
can track be hooked on to the end?
Does it work only with Hot wheels cars?
What is the functionality of this robot? For what is it useful?
Does this device work with windows 7
Does power adapter come with this USB Hub?
Can we use this to charge ?
Eyes have stopped lighting up after only a few weeks. Is there any remedy?
How Long is the cord?
does it charge devices
Does it charge the devices plugged into it or just allow the computer to access them?
How long is the USB Cord that comes with it?
I am ordering this and want the silver set. How do I specify this?
what is it metal or plastic
how to i select what color i would like
Does the key make a beeping sound?
i want the pink phone, how do i specify on the order that is what i want?
I need the grey one. Is it possible to choose that option?
Which is better, this one (not the version 2010) ot Leap PQ9903? Both has similar prices.
Does the DGT North American chess clock provide for 3, 5, or 10 minute limitations as each player moves his piece?
I'd like to use this to track time spent on two work projects. Hoping I can push the left button when starting on project A, push again to stop?
if I want four chess clocks sending each is 9 dollars or shipping cost by four is 9 dollars?
can it be set different time for each player? for example Player starts in 10 min, Player B 5 min
what is the minimum play time this device could be set on ?
Can this be used as a Scrabble timer?
do you make shipping to spain, bilbao ? how much will cust the shipping???
shipping to malaysia
do you make shipping to M&eacute;xico, my code is 52929, how much will cost the shipping???
I'm concerned by all the negative reviews. Are these cars worth buying, or should I try the Build-A-Road cars instead? Thank you!
Will these cars work on the Kidoozie build-a-road X-track? Looks very similar, and I can't find extra cars for our Kidoozie. Thanks for any help.
I have the Zip Track by Discovery Toys, the track width is slightly over 2" (about 2 1/4"to be exact). Will these cars fit inside 2"? Thanks
Does the NeoTracks cars have the exact size wheel base as Kidoozie cars or are these a little more narrow? tryign to find cars for Poco Divo set.
I have 2 sets of Neon Glow Twister Tracks. I need replacement cars for track. Can the cars be purchased separately?
Do these cars work on the Neon Glow Twister Tracks?
would these work on the twister track
I'll thse cars work with the pleasant Journey track series? I can't find extra cars for it.
will these cars you have for sale for the neo tracks race track WORK with the twister tracks race trace by Mindscope????
How to change the batteries. I unscrewed the two obvious screws but cannot get into the car to add batteries
Is this compatible with Build a Road by kidoozie?
Can these tracks be used with matchbox cars?
Do the neo tracks trains operate by remote control
I have a Neon Glow Twister Tracks by Mindscope. Are these compatible?
Can these expansion pieces be used on their own to build its own track or must they be attached to the 258 piece?
Do you have to use the batteries or can the children just manually push the cars?
compatable?? Does anyone know if these are compatable with that set since they are both by mindscope?
Can I buy only the switch piece? One came with but I really should have another one.
Is this compatible with the Pocoyo Swiggle Traks?
Are these washable?
are the crayons easily broken
What are the ingredients of these crayons?
is assembly difficult
bought this game at a thrift store and didn't check that all the parts were there. missing players, rods, &amp; soccer balls. anybody want to sell theirs?
what size balls doe sthe table use
What's the difference between the American and the Chinese version?
How many flower cards are in the deck?
Since the add states that there are no directions included, how do you play? I play American Mah Jongg.
how heavy are cards for traveling?
where can i get instructions to play mah jong with kards
do they include jokers?
do the bams, cracks, and dots have numbers on them?? I only see the "1's"...are the 2's, 3's, etc marked properly?? thank you!!
where, and how do you get INSTRUCTIONS?
where r the instructions
Are these plasticized cardboard or plastic?
Does the pony come with?
What other horses could you use for this?
do the weels turn?
can the pony come off the cart?
can pony come of?
Can the person come off the cart? Thank you!! :)
Is the pony included?
is this a nerf basketball
Does it come with Spanish cheering?
can replacement basketballs be ordered?
how big is the ball in diameter?
Can it only be hung on a door?
Is this organizer really $239? This can't be the right price. I saw a 3 drawer organizer with 1 plate for $39
Does it comes with 6 cases as shown in the picture ? Someone said it only comes with 4 ?
What are the dimensions?
What kind of packaging does it come wrapped in?We need it wrapped/boxed very securely as will fly it as excess baggage on plane &amp; cd get knocked about
Why is this so much now?! Seriously $400 ?!
What year was this manufactured? Thanks.....
I would like to use this for storing thread. I need the drawers to be a least 4" high . Also, do the tops come off the container.
Are there any internal dividers in the cases? We were hoping to use one of the cases to organize 5 or 6 types/sizes/colors of bricks.
what size are the base plates
What exactly are 2 base plates ?
what skills are developed
good for 5-6 year olds?
My 67 yr old mom was recently diagnosed with Alzheimer's. Is this something that we can play with her to keep her mind active, but isn't to difficult that it is frustrating for her? She is in the middle stages. Thank you in advance!!
Appropriate ages?
If I bought two sets, could we use them to play with eight players?
Is Mindware Q-bitz an easier game than Extreme Q-bitz
What size are the cards?
how many pieces were there in the package? was there a 30" mylar, 2 stars and 2 rounds?
How long does it typically take to recieve the balloons once ordered and shipped? My sons birthday party is on the 26th of this month.
how many balloons come in the pack?
What are they made of?
How many come in one?
what are these made of and can they be used outdoors
how many?
How many comes in a box?
What size are they?
Is this a real pedal firetruck or do the kids have to make it move with their feet on the ground. The question is: Does this have pedals??
is it for a 5 year old
How high is the seat off the ground (measured from ground to top of seat)?
Does it matter there isn't a door? It'll be for my sons 1st birthday and I want him to get in and out, he can on the regular cost coupe.
Does it have a gas tank? I would also like to purchase the gas pump but didn't see a gas tank on the fire truck.
The plastic piece that holds the steering wheel what can replace that?
Is this battery powered?
does this have a handle for parents to push?
How large is the box that it comes in? Just wondering as I'm ordering as a gift.
I want to buy this for my nephew who will be 5 in May. He is 32 pounds and 39 inches and I am nervous he will be too big. Please help! thank you!
What is the age group on this product?
My grandson is special needs he's 3 and pretty tall but in age he's under 2 wondering if this would be to small for him??
How long is the slide?
Is it easy to move?
Does the horn beep?
Can a child fit underneath or is it too short for that?
Can this item arrive before Dec. 30?
What is the height of the platform at the top of the slide?
Do they float in water?
Do they squirt water?
Why DO I HAVE DUPLICATE Ducks?
What size are they? It says mini, but looks like the regular ones that are 2.25" - 2.50".
Do they squeak?
whats the scale
does it include glue?
What are the four vertical hatches on the top of the bow section?
what scale is this sub? 144
Are the instructions in german or english?
How big is the model?
What does a skill level 3 mean? Easy or hard?
Is the roof removable or does it really just come with half a roof? I'm concerned about coverage from the sun.
Is the slide removable?
is designed for children of that age
Does this float?
LEGO Customer Service: I've seen complaints that pieces are missing from lego sets. has anyone tried calling Customer Service?
Hi. Can you please tell me which pieces are missing? Thank you.
Price: This set looks amazing, but is it really worth 175?
This is very pricey at $447, and even though it comes with 1500 pieces, that is too much. Can you explain?
What are the interior dimensions?
Does this have a floor or is it open to the bottom?
What is the Product Number? What is the age range for this playhouse?
does anyone know how to contact the manufacturer Gym Dandy? or has found where to buy replacement seat covers or new seats?
Has anyone found a place to buy new seat covers or new/replacement seats for the Gym Dandy Teeter Toter?
would bike seat covers work for these seats?
Debating between the regular gym dandy teeter totter or the deluxe for $100 more. Anyone have any opinions or thoughts for comparing them?
My Gym Dandy Deluxe Teeter Totter did not come with seat covers. How can I get them?
Have they upgraded the seats?Read somewhere they did but want to know for sure before ordering.
Is this wand hollow? I need to drill a hole and add a light mechanism. what is the diameter of the wand? does the white tip detach?
How long is this magic wand?
Can I change address where I want an order shipped after I placed the order which I did 10 min ago
I need 140 of these. Do you have that many in stock?
Where is it made? China?
How does it work
How long is the wand?
does it float in saltwater pools?
I would like to buy 2 for my grandsons. A review says that since they operate on the same frequency, you cannot run 2 at the same time. Is this so?
So I ordered this for my son for christmas, along with 6 rechargeable AAA batteries, and am now reading that it requires 2 AAA and 3AA, is this true?
Does this product have a remote control along with it as it does not show up any in the picture ?
If I buy two of these, will each of my nephews be able to use them together at the same time or will the controllers interfere with each other?
Can you buy just the remote? Since ours got wet and no longer works...? As noted...the remote does NOT float or swim or tolerate water...
I would like to order, ASAP, the shark and the whale, but I need to know they can be used together. Can they, if not, which ones can?
Do you have battery with that? Can I get the products will be same as the picture?
Do you have Rechargeable Battery on it? Thank you.
Is there a way to buy a replacement remote ? Our 3 yr old grand daughter lost her remote (sad face here).
Are these stickers easy to remove of of plastic?
How many sheets are in the pack?
What are the dimensions of each letter?
Where is it made?
Is the body soft feeling or hard plastic?
Does she pee immediately after bottle feeding or do you have time to sit her on the potty and have her pee?
Do you have any of the new Palm Tree Cove and/or tropical fairies for sale? Thanks. Kandy W. Owatonna, Minnesota
I am also looking for Terence and tinkerbell Petal Case fairies to complete my set. Do you have these? Thanks. kandy W., Owatonna, Minnesota
I am looking for Rosetta Surprise Blossom 4.5 fairy to complete my set. Do you have this?Thanks.Kandy W., Owatonna, Minnesota
looks like the dimensions provided (Size: 20" L x 19" W x 1.95" H ) are totally wrong. can anyone tell the correct dimensions?
What is the size of this tunnel when it is folded up and in the original packaging?
how do you Velcro this back for storage?
Is it too small for a 2 year old?
How big is this toy????
Does it flat?
do the small pieces float? or will they get lost if taken to a lake? Also, how big is the boat?
is this made in china?
Do you have to assemble this boat?
Does this come with the motor or do I need to order it seperately?
what are the dimensions of this puzzle when complete
is it large format?
What is the finished size?
Dimensions of finished puzzle?
what are the dimensions of the finished puzzle?
Is the puzzle made of wood or paper?
How big is puzzle
will all the pieces be there when i buy it?
Are they numbered on back?
how much does it weigh
What are the dimensions? I did't see that listed. Thanks!
What size is the completed puzzle?
are the puzzle pieces the large size? use for therapy after stroke.
do this puzzle have a lot of varied shaped pieces?
What size is the puzzle?
Can caterpillars get out of the holes at the top of the case?
cant butterflies and grasshoppers get out in the holes on the top of the case?
What are the dimmentions of the box?
how tall is he
Is this a model you build? Or an action figure that comes built?
is he a action figure
Does anyone know if this controller will work with a MacBook Pro? I realize the software mentioned will not. Just want a usable controller.
Will it work with windows 8.1
Will this work with Windows 8? My son uses Clearview software on his Windows 8 Asus and wants a real controller instead of using the keyboard.
To make sure I understand,I'll also need the 39.99 software download to use the sim?
does it support quadcopters
Can I use this to learn how to fly my drone?
'm having a problem getting all the software to be able to run the program. Can you help me or reffer me to a web site that can help with this issue?
I've seen comments that this works with Heli-X and that Heli-X has a quad simulator - can anyone confirm this?
will it work with vista?
Does this work with windows 7?
Does this have a 3 position switch?
Is this Mode 1 or Mode 2?
The charger to the transmitter, what type of wall socket plug is it? I live in Sweden, so I would like a Type F plug.
Is this set compatible with the wooden Thomas the Train sets?
possible to change battery?
Do the talking trains run by battery on take-n-Play track or does the child have to push the train?
Does the size of wooden vs diecast trains line up enough to attach their magnets together?
are the diecast trains appropriate for an almost 2 year old?
Does the car come off or is James and the car one piece? My son wants the car to be able to come off. Didn't want to buy it if James was all one piece!
if the product does not stick what kind of glue to use to keep them on the wall???
Are the stems black or brown? It's hard to tell for sure in the picture.
how long or wide are the flowers and/or stems?
is this 3 nets for 3 balloons?
Want to use these for centerpieces/ How tall is it when 36 inch balloon is blown up? Tall enough to be able to see the person sitting across tbl?
What color is the net? Is it clear? Hard to tell from the photo.
I would like to buy 15 of these. Can I just pay shipping once?
What type of batteries does it need?
Ok so I threw away the manual and now I don't know how to make the colors cycle can you help?
Is there some sort of trick to getting this light set up? I've now had two sent to me and neither seems to work.
Can it be used as Costume accessory?. How many batteries do it need?, What's the lifetime of a new set of batteries?
We got the Luke version. Is there a trick to getting the saber part in there tight? Ours is really loose and leans over.
What are the 8 colors available?
Is this the Darth Vader edition?
Does this change colors? Or is the Darth Vader edition? And what are the dimensions of it?
How bright are they? Are they mainly just a night light
Can these be mounted horizontally or upward (ie crossed) angle?
What are the dimensions of the glass showcase? Have some toy foods I'd like to purchase in advance of getting the set and need w x d dimensions.
What is the height of the counter top? Is it good for 3 year olds, or will they be too tall?
How tall is the counter?
I would like to know the dimensions of the box , so I can calculate the shipping cost , thanks
Are the stickers already on or do you put them on yourself?
What are the dimensions of this set? Have a desired space that I hope this toy will fit. Also, it it very easy to move? In other words can my under 2 year old push this thing around or is it heavy enough she won't be able to budge it?
Is this made with nontoxic dyes?
Where is the product made?
Will a 9 month old like this or is it more for younger babies?
does it fit like a bracelet?
Are these a choking hazard?
When it's in bench position, how long does it measure from inside panel to inside panel? I am wondering if my long toddler can sleep in it.
Does this wagon fit two children? I have a a four year old who is very tall (47in) and an 11 month old.
Is the height of the umbrella adjustable?
Has anyone had to replace the umbrella? I just want to make sure that if it's damaged it can be replaced.
How long is that handle? My husband is 6' tall, would he have to hunch over to pull the wagon?
Can this roll on sand easy?
Would three small children fit on the bench? Is it possible to pull the wagon while in bench mode? Thanks!
How big is the box that it comes in?
The umbrella appears to be useless for shading, even in the video, the children are completely exposed to the sun. Can the umbrella be adjusted at all
Have you changed out the plastic wheels for rubber wheels, if so, what size tire and rod did you use? Did it create any steering problems?
how many bags are in the box? i ordered same a good before a few days and that is in transit. i hope to buy it again, but i cannot buy it. why?
Is the actual shipped box dimensions for this item 22.9 x 3.6 x 18.9 inches or does it come in a smaller box?
how about the box condition?
how many bags are in the box? i ordered in amazon and seems like i'm missing 1. internet source says i should have 28 but i only have 27 bags.
will amazon restock? Do you think they will restock?
Does it include the phrase - "There's a snake in my boot?" Thanks!
Does it come in a box
Hello. Does this woody doll have 5 phrases &amp; the white smile? I know it shows, but I'm not sure if it's a different doll or not.
Does he speak when the hat is removed?
How many phrases does he have?
WHAT TYPE OF BATTERIES DOES IT TAKE
Does it have Andy on the foot?
Does this particular Woody doll have a raised eyebrow? The picture shows it, but does the actual product have it?
how many phrases
Are these official Disney Trading pins?
can I purchase 500 pins
If I order 2 sets, would there be different pins, or 2 batches exactly alike?
Do these include the disney pin backs?
the picture you posted has more than 25, are we going to get to choose, or you give us some randomly?
If ordered today, is it possible to have them by Friday?
Would you be able to send only pins for a little girl?
is there a way to tell which characters i will receive?
Is the pix show the pins in the lots for sale ?
eta of shipping for this product
Does this furniture fit Barbie-sized dolls?
Does this fit the dolls that are about 5.5" and 5.75" tall?
Does the lamp stay lit once pressed or does it turn off on it's own after a minute or two?
One review stated that the radio plays whenever the lamp is on. Is this true?
Is the end table attached to the side of the couch or is it separate?
does this furniture fit the small loving family dollhouse
Can someone tell me what size they actually are in inches please. My granddaughter doesn't have a standard doll house, so I just need to know how big
is this 1:12 scale?
does it fit the " dora and me playtime together" dollhouse?
can you buy an additional row to make the sandbox higher?
is there a floor to this box
Are the timbers 1" or 2" with this sandbox kit?
HOW MANY BAGS OF SAND = 1 TON?
how much play sand does it hold?
Is there any way to baby proof the sharp edges of the toy? Some of the foam edge bumpers I've seen are too thick.
I have a very strong 26 lb 9 month old who picks everything up. Is this table heavy enough ?
Are the beaned wire roller coaster the same level or different levels. I am confused because your picture has both.
what is the size of this
Do the dimensions include the roller coaster? How tall is the cube?
Is this cube made of solid wood with non-toxic finishes on the cube and the games/activities? thank you!
What are the dimensions of this table?
What is the packaged weight of this product?
The description says ages 3+ but my son LOVES bead mazes. Is there any reason I shouldn't get something like this for his 1st birthday? Small parts?
What gauge wire is used on top? How sturdy is the wire?
What exactly do you do with the cards and how do you combine it with the star chart?
If I purchase this item, do I need to purchase other things to go with it, or is everything we need here? Thanks.
What age range is this product designed for? The listing says 3months is that correct? I am looking for my 2 yr old son
What are the dimensions of the individual cards, and do they come with velcro already attatched?
Do the front wheels turn at all or are they in the stationary "straight ahead" position?
What is the size in inches?
What are the size dimensions? L x H x W? It is not listed anywhere
Does this pop when it hits something
HOw big is this one?
How fun is it?
Has anyone bought this recently and, if so, is it truly the classic game or is it the new crappy version?
2011 reviews indicate wooden pawns &amp; metal weapons. 2014 reviews indicate the plastic pawns &amp; weapons. Looking for confirmation.
how many times can you play it?
How fun is it
Is it possible to play this game with only two players?
What age suitable
trying to purchase this game to send to my nephew in Stateline, NV and it will not let me? Can you please assist?
Does the board fold in half or into quarters?
what is the appropriate age
Is the design on all of the faces of these dice printed on or carved into the dice like the Dwarven dice?
What are these dice made out of? Wood? Plastic? Metal?
can I get more than one d6s? need almost 10
Why can't I get them in Canada? :(
Are these for D&amp;D?
can you attach a bayblade poit keeper thing to this launcher?
is it a takara tomy grip
is it a string launcher
why is phamton orion soooooo good
What supplies do you need that have to be purchased separately? Also, how many experiments does it include?
what is the recommended age range?
age range
Does it come with instructions? Several reviewers mentioned that they were not included.
Our kit did not include a blue scoop. What is the measurement equivalency? e.g. tsp? TBSP?
How many pieces does it have?
Is it worth the price?
What are the chemicals in it? My son needs copper sulphate pentahydrate in it. He needs to grow those crystals.
Why have you more than doubled the price since Dec 4 of $33.82 for this exact item? Now it is $83.54 stopping me from getting another.
What is the size?
Is this made of metal and wood?
what color is the wood base
does it have a plug for emptying water? Does it need to be put on grass?
Does this pool have an inflatable floor?
The title size (60x20) is different from the dimensions under the product details (14.8 x 10.8 x 3.8 inches). Which is correct?
Is this the original Japanese version?
Is the item Saber Triumphant Excalibur legit because it cost about 80 dollars seems a bit low cause its 30 dollars less.
is the item officially licensed ?
Are the animals individually wrapped, so I can give them each to different people, or do they come together in one package?
How are these packaged?
Size of aminals
How big are these? Can someone tell me the dimensions of each (assembled) eraser? Thanks.
Are these dishwasher safe?
I need 6 different colours! Do you sell any others?:) THANKS :)
What is the size of the largest compartment?
can you turn off the alarm?
Do all the banks have the same combination? I am buying for boy &amp; girl twins
What are the dimensions?
does it need batteries?
size
I would like to drill a student on the 3 times table only. And not with a missing number. Just, for example, 3x4, 3x8, etc. Is this possible? How?
What ages range is this for?
Does it use head phones
Mine (not purchased on Amazon) was missing instructions. Can anyone tell me how to change between timed and untimed mode?
In the addition/subtraction mode how high do the sums go? My kid needs to learn all the facts up to 20 but most flash cards only go to 12.
Is there an untimed mode? Can it be used as a calculator? How does it compare to Math Whiz?
From Amazon description, "Max weight = 60lbs. Per child. 2 children maximum", does it mean the total max weight for this swing is 120 lb? Can a teen kid weight 120 lb plays?
Is it made from a soft plastic (like the rubber feel of a real tire swing) or hard plastic?
does it have the hardware to put it one a tree?
Do this arrive in such a way that it can be hung on a current swingset (ie: replacing a swing that came with the set)?
what hardware do you need for this or does it come with hardware to put into the wood? can you use normal swing anchors ?
How long is the rope and what is needed to attach it to a tree branch?
Is the rope included?
are both cans included? as is seen in the picture?
One can says Cleat Coat, and other says Gloss Coat - which is the one you are selling?
How resistant is this to dust, and maybe light scratches?
any possible way to get these shipped to france? i can pay any extra cost. would help greatly!
Can you spray this over a previous lacquer coat?
Hi Do it stay shiny when it dry?
caption says enamel can says lacquer which is it ?will it cover enamel without crazing
How small or big is it and can you take the trailer of.
are the front tires steerable?
do the doors open?
what are the tires made of
Does anyone know what scale this is in?
want size is it
how do you dismantle tent
can this be used outdoors?
How many kids can fit in it?....I really want to buy something like this for my class.
How many balls should I buy to fill this? 200? 300?
where do I find mats for this tent?
Do you ship to Hawaii?
will this fit a size 14 Large girl?
Is the durable enough for an iron on?
What material are these?
Will paint bleed thru this apron and get on their clothes or will it hold up during an entire art project?
Are smocks machine washable multiple times?
would it be too big for a 2 year old
Would it work for 2 year olds? And for a 1-time use for a painting party? or would the paint just seep through?
Are these colors bright? The picture looks kind of like a strange faded color. I am looking for bold primary colors.
If i splash paint on these aprons before the kids wear them do u think the paint will hold onto the fabric? thnx
Can this fit a 2 year old?
weight limit?
What is the youngest a baby can be to use this? I will have a 4-6 month old this summer and am looking for a good pool float.
Right now my grand daughter is 4 mos. old at 13# We won't be able to swim for abut 2 mos. will this work
Does anyone know if this will fit in a standard carry-on bag? My bag is approx 13-14" wide and maybe 18" long
i am looking to purchase this for my 6 month old, approx 16 pounds. Would this be a practical purchase or would it be way too big for her?
What are the dimensions when fully inflated/assembled? We have a large spa, not a pool, and wonder if it will be a good fit size-wise.
Is there a trick to getting this float to inflate? It seems like there is something blocking the valve from intaking the air that I blow into it?
My daughter will be just over 3 months when I want to use this. Is there a minimum age/weight???
Someone said that it wouldn't float with her 23lb baby. My granddaughter is a chubby 10 month old, I think about 26 lbs and very tall,does it float?
Does the float have holes for the baby's legs to go through?
What age group is is designed for?
How's the build quality?
Can this kit be used by more than one person - meaning, can the experiments be completed multiple times?
my cat ate the book where can i get a new one?
Does the kit include jumper wires? Thanks.
I am considering these for the classroom. Are the components protected from burnout from kids hooking them up strangely? How easy are replacements?
Are the instructions in Spanish? This is for my nephew who is from Honduras.
Will the Elenco battery eliminator work with this set?
Hi, can I ship this product to Japan.? I am in the USA, but I want to ship it to my son in Japan. Thanks.
Does this one make a metal detector?
What insects are in here
What size are the acrylic blocks?
what are the names of the insects in the kit?
pink
Why does their description up top say Madame Alexander yet their other description below is completely different?
Is the doll that is received the same doll that is shown at top of page or in product description? If it is not as shown, it's going back!
Are the legs on the doll posable? Do they have wire in them?
is this a good present for a 4 year old
The picture in the product description does not match the picture at the top of the page; they look like two different toys. Which is more accurate?
is this doll UPC 764166029137 or UPC 76416512905 as both are alike and cloth bodied, but are very different in price ?
Is it made in China or Vietnam?
Are the ears pink inside or Purple? The pictures show two different colors....
How many pages?
Is this book thick with pages?
Do the keys look like the picture? The picture shows two different key designs?
is this bpa / phalate free?
Are you able to adjust the hanging ropes to give the seat an incline for smaller aged children?
Does it come with eye bolts?
I want it to be clear are the ropes included and long enough? Are there any pieces needed and/or not included shown on the pictures
What is the weight limit for this swing? Thanks!
can i install swing indoors? how?
I cannot get the buckle to attach to the t-bar. Is anyone else having this problem?
How long is the yellow rope? Wondering how far it will come down from our high swingset.
Does this swing recline enough for a child under 1 year? In the photo it appears to sit rather upright with little recline. Please advise. Thanks!
Is there a weight or age limit on this as I do not want to buy and have it outgrown in a short time ? I have an 18 months old, 23 pounds. Thanks.
how much dose this cost
are these good cards
How many?
Does this give me 30 ex or level x cards or do I just get a ripoff
do i get all of the cards shone
Do you get all the cards?
when will it get to my house
Do you get a mew card all the time or is there just a chance you can get it?
can you take the plastic off the pokemon???
do you get mespirit lv x???????
What color bindings are available?
Hello. Is the mat made of real, natural straw, or is it a man-made material (like plastic) marketed as "straw"? Thank you.
how many beach mats are included for this price?
Do the cards come in a card box? And what does it look like?
What do the front of the cards look like? Do they have a brown background like the back of the card that is shown?
Are these cards actualy the size of a 5x7 picture? I keep buying "jumbo" cards and they're all the same size as normal cards.
Are these made of sturdy stock or rather flimsy and slippery?
Are these paper cards or are these made of plastic?
are there any automatic card shufflers for this size(5 x 7) cards? Thanks!
For Bridge play, can I get two different backs?
Does it include the Joker?
As a Foundation, we are sponsoring a charity event and want to make certain that these cards 1) can be laminated 2) includes the Joker.
Can you tell me what the actual size of the numbers are? I am looking at buying these for my visually impaired mom. Thank you
Will these fit in plastic Easter eggs?
How many are in here?
will these fit in a small baby jar?
I want to make sure that I get a chicken. Is it definite that I will get a chicken?
Do these buckets leak? Thinking of putting wax in them for candles for a wedding.
Are they large enough to hold a handful of Hershey kisses?
The descrip says, "Features a colorful pirate theme". What exactly does that mean? I bought these for a wedding but thought they'd look like pic.
What is the height and width?
Where is this product made?
Can I use these for planting herbs indoors?
do you have packages of 24 pails?
* Features a colorful pirate theme. ?!?! What does this mean?? Pictures???
I need these to hold one single egg each. Will that fit?
I want to use them to hang in the bathroom with toothpaste and a toothbrush in them. Are they big enough for that?
DO these coins feel like real coins- and is their weight and size similar to a quarter, or a dime?
How many come in a pack?
Are the coins of different size?
May 28 2014 The "answer" below indicate these are sold in packs of 12. Can anyone verify that amount was received and not just ONE can for $20
The reviews say they only received 1 can- not 12. Is this for one can or twelve?
are these the actual colours ? Red , green, purple and blue ? And the price is for 12 , correct ?
Can you give me actual dimensions - height and width of these cans?
How many are you selling in a pack? There is no mention whatsoever, but multiple is implied since the title is "Mini Garbage CANS"
Do these dinos stand up on their own?
Are they vinyl/pvc?
How many dinosaurs come in the package?
How many do you get? And will they fit on cupcakes?
Are these dinosaurs stretchy?
Is this product BPA, BPS, and PVC free?
How many dinosaurs come in one order?
what size are they?
are they foam?
How many stressballs do you get get this price?
is the price just for one or do you get a few in a pack (they come in a package of 4)?
what size is this actually? I need one that is 57 cm around
My grandie's head measure 21.5" in circumference- will this hat fit his noggin?
cowboy hat for kids I need 30 hats 15 Men (children) 15 Girls (girls) What is the delivery time? They can be tones / colors different men / wom
NEED SIZE 5 WOMANS
what is the length?
What size is it I need a 7 1/4
What size is it I need a 7 1/4
is it a fade black?
I just ordered this. Can I get the one with a string? Cwalsh33
Is this hat for an adult or a child?
Description says "7 W"? Is that the actual size? I have a big head...7.5 inches around. Will it fit?
What sizes??
is this hat also good for women?
Hi, does this hat also come in red and if so, does it qualify for Amazon Prime shipping? Where would I indicate the color on the order? Thank you.
is it made from paper or straw plse? thanks
Are there 24? or no?
The picture shows four bracelets. One reviewer said they thought it included 24. That is a huge difference. Does anyone know for sure how many?
How many are included??
What are the size of these fish
Do these toy fish have a large hole in the bottom making them sort of "hollow"?
Do they float on the top/bottom/middle?
How many fish per package?
does this item have toxic warning
Is there a zipper or velcroe closure?
are there straps so you can wear them?
how many in an order?
How many do you get?
How many do you receive in an order?
Are these "diamond" shaped or flat? I seem to be reading reviews about two kids of products?
weightwise, are these pretty light or are they heavy?
What size are they
What colors are included?
are these glass
Are these available in just the gold and clear?
I am looking something that will fit on a one inch square with very little overlap? Will these work?
Would they sink to the bottom of a pool or do they float?
What are the actual dimensions of the engine?
hello my friend, gimme information for engine wartsila 12 V 46 in scale 1/4. Great for Ecuador
how much assembly is required?
can this model move or like run? or is it just for display?
Is it made in China?
How tall is this doll?
Does this come packaged in a box? If so, is it girly or neutral?
Is this doll washable?
what is it made of?
how big is he?
Are the arms and legs easily bendable? Does he sit well without falling? Or is he rather stiff....
Does this doll fit into regular baby diapers? If so, what size? Also- baby clothes?
Is the outfit one piece or two-piece?
Does this doll come with a diaper?
what size envelopes will it make and does it enclude instructions for each size
What size paper can it score up to.
Will this be able to score thicker papers/materials? I would like something to score chipboard with.
Does this work as well for metric size paper like A4 instead of US paper size?
If you use this for envelopes, what type of glue do you use? What type of glue do you use for the strip of sealant at the top of the envelope? Thanks!
Can I use this instead of the Scor Pal for boxes?
Does this tell you how to create gift bags as well?
New to card making. Can anyone suggest this vs. the We R Memory Keepers envelope maker? Merry C!
When you make a box does it have a flap to close the box or can you make a lid?
Can you score diagonal lines?
Will this accept the Celestron 93969 SkySync / GPS Accessory?
Is there anything else I "need" to buy to use this on a trip to the Grand Canyon? (accessories, power supply, etc.)
Regards, Can somebody say to me if this telescope works for astrophotography? I have a DSLR camera with a T-ring adapter and i know that some reflec
what battery does is need?
What are the dimensions the tripod, fully retracted/closed? I ask because I'm planning on getting a transport bag for it.
Can we use this telescope for Land as well or just for sky?
Can you see Saturn's Rings with this? Is so, how detailed?
Hello, I would like to know if I can point this telescope to any set of coordinates or just the 4000 preloaded in the database
Does this telescope takes pictures?
can you purchase a power cord
Do these fish float?
Would these fish fit through the neck of a typical water bottle? Making "ocean in a bottle" for 3 year olds.
are these made of rubber or plastic?
how big are they....I am looking for like 1 to 2 inches
Is this made of hard plastic? What's it made of?
Is it in scale with either of the Papo T-Rex's?
To the guy who did his own paint job: Where are your pictures? What kind of paint did you use? I bought mine mostly as a model for my dino artwork.
how big is it
does its mouth open and close?
Could you tell me the size of puzzle please, I think it is written wrongly in the product features?
I want to know how to do the border! I feel certain that I need a close up picture of at least the upper left quadrant, which I have completed. ???
Could you tell me the number of bags in which pieces are divided?
Could you please tell me if you are doing shipment to Israel?
Is this Cranium the Canadian version? So the picture shows this is the Canadian version?
For what age group is this version of Cranium appropriate?
Is it appropriate for a 9 yr. old?
Is this the larger version that has the second fast track?
Can just 2 people play this?
is this the version that will allow 4 teams and not just 2
Do you have it in spanish?
What is the difference between this version and the 16 year and above version?
25 business days shipping??? is this shipping from mars?
What would be the minimum age for a child who could satisfactorily use this toy?
what size is this cube
is this for kids?
Is each colored segment permanent to cube or are they stickers that can be removed?
What is the size of the cube itself?
Does the"Rubiks' cube come with instructions for solving?
Is this product with original packaging
Does the game come with a score pad?
What is the size of the board when opened? Are the tiles smaller then the standard scrabble?
What is the size of the closed game?
Does the board have the raised grid to hold letters in place?
Once opened, I have had difficulty storing the tile bag and the racks in the storage areas. Have others been able to figure it out?
Is this good for travel? If you were playing on a hotel bed, for example, would the pieces stay in place?
what size is the board?
From the reviews it is hard to tell whether the tiles are the traditional wood tan with black letters, or the tiles are black. Which are they?
if the scabble in french edition
I want to buy this, please return to the original price!!Please!
What is Traxxas' warranty on this? I assume some of the breakable things aren't warrantied, but battery and/or motor?
I've been going back and forth on ordering one, but if I do I will get what ever color they grab first? (colors may vary)??
Just to confirm, this is brushless, right? Usually it would say so in the Amazon title, but it's only mostly refered to as brushless for this. Thanks
how long the battery last usually
Is there a "training mode" for the VXL?
IS this a 4 X 4 ??
So this model is the VXL 4X4 NOT VL 2X4???
This comes ready to run out of the box on Christmas Day. Other than an extra battery is there anything else I need? Thanks.
Traxxas 25C 7.4V 2S 2-Cell 3300mAh LiPo Battery Pack - will this work for this truck?
Battery and charger. I wanted to make sure there was a charger with this truck, and what kind of battery I need to buy for an extra. Help appreciated
the answers contradict each other, does this come with the newer tqi remote with iPhone docking?
What does it need???Battery or...
if i want to change the nitro fuel from 20% to 33% what do i need to do?
does this come with electric start?
its dose not work with ipone5:( is there is any way?
is it with remote or do I need to pay one?
can I use the same fuel that we are using it in our country ( SAUDI ARABIA ) ?
does 3.3 t maxx have reverse
does this come with a remote
Does this has the opti drive reverse? or has reverse?
Does it come with a charger?
Can you convert the 2wd model to 4wd?
What is the difference between Traxxas RTR and Traxxas 58034?
Does it have space to add a second battery?
training mode?
is it waterproof? how fast does it go
is it fast
Can some one tell me what extra battery and fast charger to get?
is it brushless?
traxxas rustler
I have two daughters and wanted to get one for each of them. Is there any way to make sure I get pink and purple?
Can you not choose what color doll you want?
A couple reviewers have mentioned emptying water from the head. Does the head fill with water easily? Does it securely reattach?
I brought the Traxxas RTR 1/10 Slash 2wd 2.4GHZ with the 7 cell battery, what would be the next upgrade battery for this truck and what benifits will
Will this battery fit the rustler xvl
will it fit in the traxxas slash 4x4 battery space?
hi, I want to use this battery on my DJI phantom FC40 to double my flying time (stock is 2200 mah). Would it be compatible and can be charged ? THANKS
is this 3cell?
will these fit stampede vxl
is this battery (11.1V 5000mAh 25C Li-Polymer Battery Pack with Traxxas Connector) going to harm my 7.4 brushless motor / esc ???
can i use a pair of those pack to power 2 55W lights ? i need power for this : http://www.amazon.com/Acerbis-2042690...
Can you clean it in the dishwasher or will it melt?
Does the boat come apart?
Is their any improvement on the tugboat coming apart for cleaning?
can you buy it with the horse?
dose the set break
does it come with the horse?
does this saddle fit a classic size horse or stablemate size?
What size is it?
Does it do potty
is it durable
is there any sipping
Is it floppy
does it brake easily
how big is it?
Can you throw it?
Is the beard on the Axe durable enough to perform a shield hook maneuver when the kids form a shield wall and attack my position?
Does it cut
Can you bend it without breaking it
Can be used for airsoft?
does it come with the accessories (bullets and clips)?
How wide of a blade can fit in the blade sheath?
does it come with clips
is there a problem with the zipper breaking
does this vest hold the sword on the back?
What are the sizes it comes in?
How many bullets does it hold?
how big is this vest
How big is it? Will it my four year old sister?
How can I get it to shoot more than three feet?
What is the rate of fire?
Do I need to get batteries for it?
Does the shield on the gun help
Is it worth the money
Is it worth the money
How often does it jam?
why price so high?
So 60 darts included?
Is this hard to reload?
will it work on the new windows 8 also do I have to buy all the other items.
is it like driving lessons kinda?
steering wheel
does it come with the screen ?
does it come with hand controllers?
what gauge is it
Is this compatible with Life Like Thunder Stockers Electric Race Set - NASCAR
so the whole track is electric rite
assembly
does it come with battery and charger
we have the rechargeable battery but no longer works, do we need to purchase a new battery?
Would this run on a gravel driveway?
Are the decals already on this or do you place them yourself? Daughter is not into Barbie so was going to just not put them on and keep it pink.
Enough power for thick grass/lawn?
WHERE DO I FIND PARTS ?
can you drive this on the sidewalk? is it too wide or will if fit most sidewalks?
I have a 6 and a half year old grandchild is she too big for this she wears a size 6
Does it have a working radio?
does dora jeep come with seat belts, just unpacked and cant find any
Dora Jeep: Can anyone verify this?
What is the weight limit on this vehicle for a child?
does this come with a battery or do you have to buy it seperatley?
does it have SEATBELTS
Is this actually 4 wheel drive? Our backyard has some small inclines and our current kiddie car doesn't work well since only one wheel turns
is this jeep to small for a 6 year old little girl. She is 44" tall
Does it play music?
Any back wheel replacement issues? I have read reviews that indicate some manufacturers do.
Is it a felony to use these?
I have a vacant house waiting for me to occupy in a couple of months. intruders have come in and vandalized it a few times. Can i rig these inside
what does it smell like?
do these smell like real pooop,,??
Do these work or not there are really good reviews and really bad ones. Some say there are a lot of duds in the pack?
how long does it take to ship
how safe is it
what store can you buy them at??
How long will it smell
how many do u get
How do you attach it to the floor of the car, and does the wheel actually turn?
What is the width/dimension of the steering wheel?
Does it need batteries
does the steering wheel turn?
does the steering wheel turn?
how does it attach to the car seat?
do the sounds interfere with parents driving?
Could this be modified for a stroller?
Hi! Does the wheel actually turn?
how does it attach to car seat?
The price is just for one or how many?
I've had 2 pairs already, both died withing 3 hours. Is it just the batteries, or what, are they easy to replace batteries in them?
does it come in 3 different modes like fast flashing, slow flashing, and constant?
how long does it take to receive the shipment?
Do they come with batteries? Ready to use?
How many pieces?
will they fit over other glasses?
is it only available in multiple colors or can we choose 1color?
What state do they ship from?
HELPFUL HINTS AND INSTRUCTION SHEETS???
Is it suitable for 6-9 year olds? If not, is there another version or a way to make this version work -and be FUN- for that age range?
instructions
is this game for adults? or is it to easy for adults and better suited for kids?
Is it fun for 8-12 year olds?
Will it hold adults for use?
Are these translucent at all?
Can the curved ones be straightened?
Will these hold a plus size adult male, say 250 lbs???
what is the diameter of the doodles? looking to get the mesh sling chairs togo with these.
what is the thickness of these doodles? 30 or 34 mm
Are they latex free?
will the 1200mah fit either a969 or a979 or what should i get
Will it fit in an Echo 1 or CMYA RPK stock? do you know the size? thanks.
When you buy battery first time,how many takes charge?
How long time with this combo? http://amzn.to/1Doss5c Using this adapter, http://amzn.to/1OYxdW5
My stock battery is 7.2V 1800mAh how is the 3800mAh different? Also does it come with a charger?
Will this work with exceed 1/16th scale blaze EP? And will it increase the speed.
Will this battery pack replace a Team Orion Rocket Pack 2400 NI-CD??
This battery is compatible with Redcat Racing Volcano EPX Electric Truck?
Will this work on a Vaterra 1 10 nissan silvia?
Will this work with maximum destruction monstor truck.
will this battery replace a Nikko 7.2 volt 1500mAh?
will this battery fit a hornet? I can't see the plug very well in the photo.
does this battery come with a charger as well?
Looking for spare battery for rc boat. The one that came with the boat has 7.2 v, nI-mh sc on it. Is yours compatible? Thanks
Good Day, will this batter fit an 1/10 2.4Ghz Exceed RC 51C802-24Ghz Electric SunFire RTR Off Road Buggy will I need a adaptor to connect? Thanks
Will this battery work in Heng Long RC Tanks?
Will this fit and connect to exceed rally monster ?
will this battery fit 1/14th Tacon Thriller Short Course Truck RC Brushless if i put banana connectors on it?
Will this Battery fit the Traxxas Blast, The plug is a little flatter
WIll this battery fit/work with a Traxxas 1/16 E-REVO VXL Brushless RC? And how long will a Traxxas 2932 EZ-Peak 2 Amp AC Fast Charger charge it?
Does she have hair under the cap? What color is it? I wish they had a pic without the cap on.
I need to know what the appropriate age group is for this doll. Is it appropriate for a 1-year old?
Does this baby have a scent? I'm so frustrated that every baby seems to be perfumed- trying to find an unscented baby doll...
what kind of smell?
What kind of fabric is the body? Is it like a canvas (i.e. Cabbage Patch Kids) or more like a slippery satin?
Is the doll smiling?
Do the eyes close completely or are the supposed to remain open a bit? I just bought this doll and I can't tell if this is normal or a defect.
Is this doll made in China?
Is there a change of clothes available for this baby?
Does the pacifier stay in doll's mouth without falling out?
age level?
What do the food containers have? Are they empty? Also are the bottles half filled at least?
Do the lids to the bottles open?
Is this item BPA free?
What happens when you open the pretend applesauce and peas? Is it interactive in any way?
How much is Barbie R4093 worth today?
What kind of battery does this take?
how can I get an internet connection for the babe video doll?
For what ages is this toy?
Are these cars interchangeable with the other cars from Melissa and Doug, such as the stackable toy car garage?
Description says the origin of this product is CHINA. Did Melissa and Doug sell out to China?
When I received it I noticed that it said for "3+". Is there any reason why a 1.5 year old shouldn't play with it? Thanks so much!
How big is the car carrier and how big are the cars?
does the car carrier unhook from the truck?
I want you to assure me that the paint on these cars including theblue one is lead free.
Why does this come up in a Made In USA search when is clearly marked CHINA????????????????
The cars on this product look very skinny in the picture. Can the carrier be used w/ regular matchbox cars as well or only the provided wooden cars?
do cars come with the carrier?
does it inclued furniture
Are the dogs included with the house?
Is this appropriate for a 7 yr old? HOw big is it? THanks!
Does it require assembly? If so how long does it take and is it easy?
I had the other loving family doll house but got My GD this one, furniture doesn't fit . Which furniture fits the manor??
Does it come with an African American Family?
fujniture
Would this work with Calico Critters (3 inches tall) and their furniture? My daughter wants a purple house for them.
you show two prices for your Monster High Clawdeen Wolf Doll what the model numbers are for each? Thank you
Does this doll come in the "envelope style" box, as it is pictured? Or the newer style box with the zipper graphic?
is this the 2009 ou 2012?
Is this doll in an English box with an English Diary? a lot of sellers don't specify what language the box and doll are in.
Do the eyes open and close?
is the annie doll all vinyl
Is it easy to drain any water that gets inside this doll from "swimming" in the pool or bathtub?
Is the doll anatomically correct, or does she just have a hole for "pee" to come out? Thanks!
where can i buy another bottle that really works (not with fake milk) bottle is lost.
Does the doll drink water from the bottle or is it pretend?
Can you take off the baby doll's hat and cloth? Thanks.
is the diaper reuseable ? cloth or paper
does the pacifier really stay in her mouth?
What size baby clothes will fit her?
is refill paint and paper available for this unit? I see it for other brands, but not this one. Do others work?
What kind of paint does it use?
where can I purchase papers refills
How large are the sheets of paper? And how do you get the machine to work...press a button?
Can you take her hair down?
Was wondering what material is this doll made of? is it soft or hard plastic, or something else?
Are the ballet slippers removable? I'd like to put different shoes on her.
What colour are her eyes?
Can she be dressed in other clothes? I want to give this to my granddaughter, with some beautiful doll clothes for a 13 inch doll. need to be able to change clothes. Thanks
What brands of clothing fit this doll?
Does this doll come in a box?
Can her clothe be remove to wash in the washing machine? ?
Does anyone know if there are doll cloths patterns to fit this size doll? The baby doll cloths patterns seem to be too big.
is this an American Doll?
does her eyes open and close?
Do standard 12 inch doll clothes fit? Because I have extra clothes and would love to give it to my niece with the doll
Is this doll made in China, and is the head vinyl?
What color are the doll's eyes?
can this doll wear real baby clothes size 3 months
What color is her hair? This picture looks like brunette but on another site i have scene it looks somewhat red.
do eyes open and close
what is the shipping dimensions of the box ?
Is the doll stuffed?
what age group plays this game?
If you were going to play with more than 2 players, say 4, would it be necessary to have 2 decks?
What do you do in this game
how big are the cards?
What is the highest number the cards go?
Does it come in the metal box?
Could you play solitaire as a mental excercise?
How many pieces does it have?
made in china?
What are the pieces made out of? Foam? wood? plastic? Are they holding up to little hands?
How many pieces does it come with?
Are both sides of the inside of the case magnetic?
How does this compare to Tangoes Junior?
Age range? Would a 7 year old girl like it?
Is this toy a good choice for air travel with a 2.5 year old? Not too heavy for my carry-on backpack? If not, other interactive toy recommendations?
Any idea where to get replacement pieces?
My son lost a single piece to the set we purchased. Can we order the missing piece separately?
How big are the Stack Track trains?
Do you have to have StackTracks or do these work on the Thomas/Brio/Imaginarium wooden tracks?
Are the stack track trains battery operated?
Is this train compatible with the die cast tracks?
Ive seen comments about how small the trains are, but no dimensions. What is their size?
will Thomaas cars fit in this case?
Do the wooden trains fit or just the metal (wasn't sure what die-cast meant). Thank you!
Does anyone know if the Chuggington Interactive trains fit into this case?
Will this fit the non-train cars in the die-cast family, e.g., frostini's ice-cream cars, Morgan&amp;Peckham car?
so i will get 50 packs and each pack includes 50 luau?? so totally = 2500 ????
What sizes are included? Are they all 36"-40" leis?
what are these leis made of?
Have table 35-1/2 x 351/2 What size do I need?
I have a 36" x 36" square wood with glass insert table, would this fit snug or can it be adjusted to fit?
Have a 32" square stakmore wood card table. Anyone know if this would fit properly, or have another suggestion?
What color is it?
I have a 37" square table. It also measures 51" diagonally. I need to know if square card table cover will fit or not.
my table is 36" with 2" lip. would this table cover fit properly?
Can you use for Mah Jongg?
Are these somewhat waterproof???????
what kind of material is it?
Does the white color show through tablecloths?
do vtech have extended warrenties
Is this a cartridge that goes into the V Reader? I'm curious as to why this is only $6?
Is this compatible with the Innotab 3 as well?
If I purchase more than one v reader book game do I pay $4.99 shipping one each
Is this actually a 32,000 piece puzzle, or is it 8 separate 4,000 piece puzzles that fit together?
Can anyone tell me what the measurements are of each 4,000 piece section?
why can't it be shipped to Australia esp. when it says shipped to Bairnsdale Australia I really want this puzzle and have been after it for a while
How do you frame/ mount this puzzle?
This puzzle is boxed in separate bags--is each bag a "section" of the puzzle when assembled? Because of the reviews, that seems to be the case.
Will this car adapter work with the innoTab 2S wifi?
Do you have to have rechargeable batteries in the unit for this charger to work?
Is this compatible with the innotab max?
We have the vtech rechargable power pack, will this charge that in the car? I'm looking for a charger for when we aren't near an outlet. Thanks. :)
Will this work for innotab s3? Thank you.
does this charge the Vtech device so that my child can play outside of the car or do I need batteries once I remove it from the car adaptor?
Would this work for zebi 8" tablet?
Any idea if this would work for the Vsmile Pocket? Sounds like the cord is longer than the one sold for it, so would prefer this one if it would work!
Will this work with the MobiGo 2?
I also thought I ordered the software CARS U do want it
Which charger does the big foot toy need?
why is there two positions on the switch on the bottom of his foot
Do you have to have the plug in charger for it to work?
Does this item come with a battery charger,, do not seem to find one in the packageing
does it include the charger for the battery pack
where can I get a replacement for the battery cover on the foot
Where can I find battery and charger for big foot toy
Does this device only work with the stylus pen or does it work as a touch screen also?
how do I change the batteries?
What programs/apps comes with the device itself? I am not interested in purchasing all of the extra games and apps and wasn't sure if it is even worth it with just the basic device.
What songs come on the device? Does it have "Twinkle Twinkle little star"
Any input on how satisfied a 3 y/o kindle user would enjoy this product?
Does this comes in Spanish ?
Good morning. Has Spanish language option
Will it hold the attention of a seven year old?
do you need headphones to listen to music?
Is the memory expandable?
Thomas the train -- Ferdinand Trackmaster train: Does anyone know when this train will be available?
I misplaced the engine for this. The Trackmaster engine I just got from ToyRUs does not move the conveyor belt up. Does this need a custom engine?
does porter work on the zip line?
Is it possible to send this train to Europe?
I lost my instruction pamphlet. can i buy one more instruction pamplet plz.
Thomas the Train: Zip, Zoom, and Logging Adventure: What engines are the characters in this set?
Thomas table for zip zoom and logging: If that is the true track size, is there a Thomas table this will fit on top of?
R/C and expansion tracks: Can you buy expansion tracks for this one?
A question... For those who already have this set...I just want to confirm that it is part of the Track Master series?
Can the laugh &amp; learn smart speedsters work with this speedway?!
I need the car for this item where can I get one?
where can I get replacement cars? Thanks!
Does this have a volume control?
what do they mean by nonstandard batteries?
Why is the pick one $30 more than the blue one?
does it have a charger?
I have this, but where is the sd card slot and what type do you use?
install on more than one computer: Does anyone know if you can install the iXL on more than one computer.
what languages &#x200B;&#x200B;brings?
have the option to change the Spanish language?
is this too babyish for a 2 yr old.
I bought this item at a consignment sale and need the accessories. Can't find them anywhere. Are they even available?? thanks
Does this kitchen have volume control?
What are the dimensions of the box for shipping?
does this laugh and learn kitchen have the green recycle bin on the side of it?
What are the dimensions of this toy? It looks like a winner.
I want to walk in both English and Korean is. Getting sent to give?
Where are batteries on this little kitchen? Need to replace them and cannot find
What is the height of the kitchen? Is it what the product dimensions say above? Sometimes it is wrong so I wanted to check. Thank you.
Is this product BPA free?
Where is the on- off button?
wht kind of batteries?
Re: your motorized rotating xmas tree stands with receptacle for lights: How many rotations per m.inuite?
Does this comes in Spanish ?
does the My Own Leaptop have a way to connect with headphones so I could bring it on an airplane and not annoy my seatmates with kiddo music?
I just received the Leapfrog My Own Leaptop today, installed batteries. The screen picture is REALLY dark and hard to see---is this common ?
what age?
Hi. Does this come with batteries in it? Because I got one and tried to switch it on without taking it out of the box as it's a gift, it doesn't work.
Does it teach the sound of the letter?
From the picture it seems like it only teaches upper case letters. Does it also teach lower case?
Does this use batteries or does it have an electrical charger
does the leapfrog have learning numbers?
how do i cuustomize this
Does it has the option to change to spanish?
Does this work on the LeapFrog LeapPad 1
Does it work with the LeapFrog Pad 2 Explorer
Does it work with LeapFrog Ultra
Will this work with Leapster GS?
I just bought my Great Grandaughter (5 yrs. old) a LeapPad2 Explorer -Disney Princess - which Recharger do I need to buy for this product?
Does this work for the Leapster Explorer GS? Thanks
do you have to purchase rechargeable batteries also?
So in buying this, you dont need regular batteries?And can you play it unplugged with this?
What is the AC input voltage range of this charger ? Can it work with both 220V and 110V AC ?
Is it possible to purchase only the rechargeable battery pack? We already have the docking station.
what are the ages for this
does this include the rechargeable battery pack? it does not specify
Does this work on the newer LeapPads? (There are opposing comments in the reviews...)
Does this work with leappad 2?
Does this game work on Leapster GS?
Does this game work with a Leap Frog 2
Fisher Price ixl VS Leapster Explorer: Which one is the better choice?
Which is better the leapster 2 or Explorer?
Which is better Fisher-Price iXL vs. Leapster vs. Leapster 2 vs. Explorer?? Which is better Fisher-Price iXL vs.
Does a product exist like Leapster but for over age 8? Does anyone recommend a toy like Leapster for the over 8 year old set?
Will Leapster GS games work in the Leapster Explorer? My daughter has a Leapster Explorer. I am looking for additional games for her and have found some that the packaging states (on the bottom right corner) that they are compatible with the Leapster...
is it compatible with GS
Can I buy other brands of rechargeable batteries or just leapster?
Does the leapster Explorer include any games in the package besides the ones you can buy separately
Which is good for a 3 year old
What is the best Leapfrog learning system for a monolingual child that only speaks Spanish?
can this game work with leappad 2
What are the select countries outside of the USA that this product can be shipped to?
Which handheld system is best for a 3 years and 4 month old child?
Will the game that claims to work for Leappad and Leapster work on Leappad 2?
Can this game work with leap pad ultra ??
Leapster Tangled Games not available on cartridge? When we put the Tangled cartridge in the Leapster2 the only game available is the painting game?
does this work with the original leapster?
is this game ok explorer gs
Price Change? Why is the price $10 in the search, but when I click on it the price is $19.54?
Does this work with a leappad power?
leappad2
does this game work with leap pad ultra?
Is this game for the leappad 2?
Does the game just copy to the leappad ultra or does the cartridge need to be in every time to play it?
Would a left handed child have problems using this game?
can mr. pencil be used on leappad1 and/or leappad2?
What does Internet connection may be required for cartridge mean? Can this game not be played without the internet?
Is there a way to save the game cartridges I have onto the leappad ultra so you don't have to carry the cartridges around?
does this work with leappad 3
Does this works with leappad ultra
do you need a stylus for this game.
My twin grandsons both have leap pad ultras.. can the same ONE game be used in two leap pads, or should I buy two?
We have the new leap pad ultra, is this game compatible?
Will this game work with the Leap Pad 2 Explorer?
I'm wondering if this would be a good game for my 7 yr old grandgirl. She's doing well in school but I wanted something "fun" too.
There are two pictures posted--one says it works with Leapster GS, and one says Leapster Explorer. Which one is the one you are shipping??
does this work on leapster gs?
Will this game work with the leapfrog tv?
Does this work without registering it to an online account?
I need the leapfrog explorer leapster cartridge. Is that what your shipping to me
Can this be used with leap pad ultra
is this one can be used with computer?
Does it come with a mouse?
What age is this most appropriate for? My daughter is 17months, not sure if she will know what to do with this?
a reviewer stated this does not connect to the internet but it says on this page it does....?
this cumputer is it bilingual?
Does this work independently of online leap frog or do you have to connect to use this?
Is it bilingual?
Hola, el producto viene en espa&ntilde;ol?
Can you plug headphones into this device?
can a one year old use it to learn to walk?
Does anyone find this difficult to push? I just purchased one at a store and the wheels don't seem to turn? I'm wondering if this one is just broken
Will this be too tall for my 16 month old to push? Is the height adjustable? The kid in the picture looks to be 3 or 4.
is this ok for older kids like the Step2 Little Helper&acirc;&#128;&#153;s Grocery Cart? for 3-4 year old boy?
Does the product match the picture? Odd question, but the one pictured on the ToysRUs site does not look like this one!
Does this cart have a hole for sand in the bottom to weigh it down?
What height of this cart ?
Do the wheels work okay on hardwood or laminate floors?
how big is the box it comes in?
Does the seat part for the doll fold up and down like a real shopping cart?
what is the beginning age for this to
do the flashlight etc work or are they just ornaments
What is the weight limit?
Does the steering wheel actually turn the front wheels, or are they just stationery and something for the child to hold onto?
Can't seem to insert the green ears/handles. There is a click but they are not firmly in place. Anyone else have the same problem?
what is the beginning age for this to
what is the beginning age for this to
Does this work well outdoors (pavement, road, grass)? Since the wheels are plastic.
What age can would you recommend starting with this toy?
i am borrowing this toy and i don't know how to change the batteries out. can someone please help me?
What does it mean "yellow or red, blue or green, black or white?" Looks like all these colors.
Can I paint metal with it?
does this set come with paint thinner
Do they leave any brush marks when Dry
would anyone recommend this for painting magic cards or other trading card game cards?
Is the red, yellow, green and blue metallic or solid?
Can this paint be baked and be used to paint onto ceramic mugs?
Will this paint be good with the Titanic Plastic Model Of Revell?
Can I paint lead fishing jigs with this kit?
well this work on fabrics
How many pounds can this hold? I have a 20 x 30 cork board with flash cards pinned to it that I would like to place on this easel.
How thick is the tray?
Could this securely hold a 24" x 36" poster? Also, is this easily tipped over (if placed in a crowded room)?
Do the missiles on the side of the plane fold in to the plane?
Does it require any painting?
The dimension produkt how long for centimeter
does the model include photo etched parts?
Can this model be built wheels up?
is it rc
Can this fly?
does the window go down
what paint color is needed
Do the doors open? Can small toys be placed inside the trailer?
what is the size l-W-H
will the trailer doors open
does it sleep
Do you get a choice as to which color you want?
my friend has this exact one, i tried to ask him how good it is at tricks, but he refuses to tell me. So how good is it?
how long does it sleep,and can you make it responsive
Have never owned a train. Want this to go under Christmas tree. Do you recommend this one?
Does this set actually blow out steam? Thank you!
Does this train have a working light? Does it make any sound?
how large is track
i only want one train how do i change three to one
how large is track
is it responsive
will this be a good upgrade from a maverick?
what size bearing does omega dash have if you lost yours
does this yoyo sleep??
I want to learn how to do tricks on a yo-yo. I can already sleep, but the yo-yo I have doesn't sleep long enough to do anything. Is this a good yo-yo?
I bought the Dash and Maverick Yomega. I returned them because I could not get them to come back to my hand easily. I had to jerk them hard to get them to recoil. Is is me? I am an experienced YO yo-er. I kept the Raider which recoiled easily into my...
How do i choose a color?
Does this come with tracks? If not what kind does it use?
Does this come with tracks? If not what kind does it use?
What is DCC ?
states that this model number: 00694 which is the HO scale set is this the HO set?
Does the locomotive have a built-in LED headlight?
Is this nickel or steel track?
How many cars can this engine pull?
The passenger cars are lighted interior?
states that this model number: 00694 which is the HO scale set is this the HO set?
My Bachmann Royal Blue n-scale train has lost the wheels on the front tender truck. What now.
Does the locomotive/engine have a light that will work when it gets dark?
In re. the Berkshire Pere Marquette 1225 . . . Is it "HO" and does it come with the tender for 129.15 ?
what size is the basket and what size are the items inside?
Does it come with a tablecloth and napkins
Is it safe for drinking out of?
Does it come with spoons?
what country of origin is this tea set made
bubble blower
Have there been any updates made so the mower will roll on the grass?
What is the height of the handle? Would it be too short for a 40" child (3.5 years old)?
Is it painted wood or plastic?
Does it come with magnetic letters or numbers?
What is the size of the easel?
What is its box size?
Can two kids use this at the same time? Also- are BOTH sides magnetic?
what is the length of these, tip to tail?
are they 4 for $7.52
These sink, right - for diving? Or do they motor along the surface when thrown?
how do they work?
Need some batteries?
How many comes in the package??
how many do u get
Why do you need these
how many comes with this order?
i know iam asking the same question as others,but does it come with batteries,or wat else,is in the box,is it ready to run,what about the charger
I'm looking at the 639.99 one..does it come with batteries. The description says it doesn't but the buyers say it does..whats the verdict??
is it water proof and can it go in the snow
What is the top speed out of the box or with LiPo batteries?
Is it brushless
How durable is this? I will not go off of jumps and stuff. Also how available are the spare parts? Where can I get the spare parts?
how long do the nimh batteries last?
is it worth the price?
is the summit ugradible to the velineon 3500 brushless motor
why does my lipo 2s 4000 mp batteries die so fast with traxxas summit.
Is this product new in box? And can the leash be detached?
one of the other products says it does not walk on carpet. does this one walk on carpet?
I need just the box because when I bought it it was torn and it was a gift for my child and how can I get just the box I can't find it anywhere?
Are you able to control straight, left and right turns with leash? Can you use leash remote to back it up?
My 4 year old keeps talking about the "cell phone" and "purse" that go with this dog. I have no idea what she is talking about. Any ideas?
how much do the batteries cost
This picture (on Amazon) shows the dog with white ears. Does it have white ears or does it have the glitter in the ears?
Is this dog going to come in a new box , unused?
Just got this item. The remote control on the leash doesn't seem to be working, the dog doesn't move and the switch is in the ON position. any suggestions?
dog won't stop barking-- still in box
What is the material is the ball made of
Does this doll have a bean bottom? Or is it completely soft?
Is the body fabric sturdy? Are the fasteners on limbs secured so child will not get scratched....had that problem with other dolls.
Do eyes open and close
We are looking for a doll for a play and need the head to be able to come off and go back on. Do you think this would work? How does this baby's head attach to the body?
How much of the arm is plastic? If you put a short sleeved shirt on her, would it look funny because you can see where the soft fabric ends?
can doll go into bath
can doll go in the tub or swimming pool
What size baby clothes fit this doll?
Does she have hair?
Is this doll machine washable?
If you don't put the thing in that make's it light up can you still use it like for the fx one you can pull the top up and push it down can u still do that with out the thing that make's it light up
is it worn on the wrist
is this worn on wrist or arm
How can it have 1000 combinations
What is the height of the teapot and the cups?
Is this a tea set for 2 or 4?
how big are the cups? are they regular size cups? if not how big in inches ? thank you
My daughter is turning 10 and wants her own tea set. Would this be too small for her? I don't want a mini set, but cannot tell how large it is? Thanks
Is this set made of plastic, porcelain, or tin?
How many ounces does the tea cups hold
What is the size of the plates in this tea set? Are they large enough to have a real tea party (large enough to put food on) or more for pretend play?
How many it serves?
where was it manufactured?
i purchased this item last week can i use for my play center in order to build a wall? Lego wall for kids to play thank you
how much is shipping
Is this Lego Building Plate 628 the same as the LEGO Classic Gray Baseplate 10701?
If I bought two could I layer stack them to make it more sturdy? Also will this work for lego jabbas palace?
Suppose I wanted to arrange four of these baseplates together to make a larger 96x96 stud square. Is the stud spacing preserved across the seam between baseplates such that bricks can be attached across the seams? Or do the edges need to be filed down?
What type of plastic is it? I want to glue it but my Gorrilla glue says not for polypropylene or polyethylene.
Does anyone know how easy they are to cut? I would need to trim an inch off the end.
Can lego duplo blocks fit on this base plate?
Does this include only plate or also includes bricks and blocks ?
Is this the best-selling base plate? Cuz I have one and was wondering.
Does this include any type of carrying case/organizer?
age appropriate for a 3 and a half year old?
Are these like the original legos? I am looking for something like the early /first edition(s) of legos. Thank you.
Does this come with base plates?
Does anyone have a picture of the box side that shows how many of each brick are included? Would love to know exactly what I'm getting.
This same item is only 24.99 at Fred Meyers right now... Why is it nearly 70 bucks here?
Which is better starter kit this or Creative Bucket?
Are these lego's in set 6177 the small or large one's?
This brings lego wheel parts to assemble vehicles?
Can you use these legos with the green 10x10 plate?
are the cards waterproof
Would this game be usable between people who don't speak the same language?
What ages?
good for 7 year olds?
what age is this for
I work with Seniors at a Day Care; is this good for 12 ladies playing at one time?
Did anyone receive directions with their game?
is 11 too old for this game
Is this game fun for a 3 year old?
what age group
Is this a glue together model or snap together
this kit is of metal or of plastic?
What are the dimensions of this item?
do you need paint for this
fits sizes?
what size is it?
Reviews from 2010-12 said that vest is flimsy material but 2015 description says vest is made from sturdy polyester twill. Which is it?
Will this fit a 30 year old who is looking to have a backyard adventure? I am 6 ft. tall and weight about 174 lbs. Thank you.
do you have for babyes?
Does it come in different sizes
Why is the price on this rising faster than anyone can place an order?
What are the sizes? My grandson wears a size 6. He is just celebrating his 6th birthday...
Size: What size does this run?
Why is the price on this rising faster than anyone can place an order?
I want to buy figures to go in this toy. What size/range of figures should I buy please? I live in the uk so can use amazon.co.uk. Thanks!
Is the surface of the model painted semi-realistically or does it have a uniform coat of paint?
does there body have open up conpartment
does it walk by itself on battery?
Does this ship from Amazon in the brown mailer shipping box, or is it shipped as is in just the hasbro product box?
How resistant are the headlights to prying fingers? I'm very interested in purchasing this but am afraid the headlights may be a choking hazard.
How hard is the material? My grandson is in the flinging arms, knocking head stage.
How big is this exactly? The dimensions on here say it's 6.5" long, but the manufacturer's site says 15".
squeek
Are these all made in China? I won't support their economy.
weight limit
What are the dimentions when deflated?
would this pack easily in a suitcase for resort travel?
Why does it not have an on/off switch? Do you just have to let it run down, then replace the battery
DOes this cat do anything besides sleep? My 2 year old wants a real kitten but that isn't going to happen. Will this be a suitable replacement ?
Does it make a purring sound as well? And if yes can that be turned off ant time? And why an adoption certificate for unreal cat?
Is the tabby cat squishy
Is this orange tabby huggable
What exactly do I need to purchase so that i don't have to continually replace AAA batteries for the City Cargo Train set?
Does this box include some tracks or do you have to buy separately?
The description says that the track is not compatable with 9v trains. What are 9v trains and are they newer or better than City Cargo Train?
How many pieces?
I would like to assemble this on a train table. What are the dimensions of the assembled set?
Approximately, what are the dimensions of the track?
How long is it
Can you ship it to India
Why does the train wheels move, but it is too slow torun on the track. It islike the motor is not working correctly?
do you ship to Australia?
what size batteries does this take?
First electric train set. The track is pretty small. We'd like to add more track. Can anyone recommend what to get to make most bang for our buck?
How many pieces of legos are there?
Can you connect this set to a different train set?
How much pieces there are in the set 7938
Do you ship to South Korea?
Does this have white dice and blue cup or black dice and black box?
Is this product the original version in the red box with the red cup?
Description says Hasbro version, picture shows Parker Bros version? Which one will be shipped? Thank you.
What is the dice cup made of? Is it noisey when shaking he dice (we will have a 1yo sleeping nearby)? Guess the number of scorecards in the box?
is this like the product pictured- the classic hasbro in red box with a cup
do this order includes the car and everything because when i search "traxxas slash 4x4" there is alot of results and different prices from 400-800
Can I use Can I use 11.1V 5000mAh 25C Li-Polymer Battery Pack with Traxxas Connector on this car stock.
Is this the same as the "Platinum" edition but has the charger, battery and receiver?
Hi, is this truck 4x4, because in the home page of traxxas the vxl is 2wd, Ijm very interested if it is 4wd, thanks!
I bought this car and the ez pack charger. I'm a middle aged fool who's always wanted a real RC car. please recommend a battery upgrade.
is this the ultimate version? the ultimate versions model number is (#6807R)
How fast does this slash go with the 3s lipo 11.1 V battery? That's without changing the pinion/spur.
Can the center of gravity be lowered? What's involved in doing that?
what is the mamba monster they refer to in the product description?
Are all 5 batteries included?
can it back up and turn
How tall is the doll?
How many and what size batteries?
What is the real shipping weight
What frequency does this remote run on?
what is the height the umbrella table?
is this furniture made of wood? and is it assembled?
is your location in the USA?
What size dolls or people do you get to play with this set?
Where can I buy / order the dollhouse that goes with this furniture?
is the swimming pool attached to the furniture? or is each piece of furniture separate?
Would Calico Critters dolls work well with this house?
What are the measurements?thank you :)
What size of doll works best with this doll house?
Is the furniture glued to the house?
can Barbie doll fit in the rooms?
It says it comes with furniture, but how about dolls?
I'm looking to buy this for my daughter but wondered if anyone has sons that play with it as I would love for it to be a double gift.
What are the dimensions of the doll house once it is assembled?
What are package dimensions? I want to take this with me outside US, that is why I need to know the package dimensions. Thanks.
how much does it weight?
I purchased one of these about a month ago and may get another one. But are the frequencies different or can be changed.
This is the lstest version ?
Does this Rustler VXL being sold by Amazon now come with the TQi controler? It should have no separate antenna.
This thing come with what kind of batteries and charging system??? No see much for details???
hi i was thinking about buying this but dose it come with replacement gears AND OTHER THINGS LIKE SHOCKS
Does this run well in grassy terrain or best on black top?
is the rustler vxl faster in speed
what type of motor is in it
Is the controller the one with the wireless link enabled. Will I have to buy the docking system
can i buy a additional battery
Does the car reverse?
What is included with this car? Do I need to purchase a special battery or a transmitter?
Does this truck always pop wheelies when flooring it? I would like a fast truck, but I don't want to deal with it popping wheelies all the time.Thanks
has installed telemetry?
the car only use C1 nitro gasoline or i can add gasoline normal?
Is it possible to upgrade to a larger fuel tank?
dose it have a brushless motor?
how long does it last on a full tank
Does this product come in manufacturing boxing with precision tools?
whyis it not that fast
what is the max velocity of the e-maxx brushed? it is possible to increase the velocity placing to lipo batteries?
I ordered one yesterday, but don't know what color I am getting. How do you know?
whats the difference between brushed and brushless
Is an E maxx with a brushed motor totally waterproof
Am I able to convert this to brushless?
17mm hexes? meaning i could put the brushless emaxx tires on. or do i need a 17mm hex adapter
can you replace the brushed motor with the brushless one when the brushed motor fails
how many batteries does the car use? how many batteries are included?
what charger do i need to buy for the batteries this car uses?
Does this e maxx come with the 2 charges that are listed on Traxxas web site ?
can it do donuts
can it run 3s lipo out of box
where can I get the pinion gear for 3s lipo
can it be upgraded to 4wd
Can it be used on tall grass
can it be submerged
is it 4wd
How different is the chassis and components compared to the Rustler?
how fast is it?
What specific battery can i buy for the Bandit VXL that is a 2s Lipo that does NOT require any modification? Thanks!
What size is this bear?
Does the bear lay flat out straight?
how many inches tall?
Do you have a pink one?
how big is it?
Can this hold aerial poses for Sci-fi Revoltech Iron Man 6" action figures? or this can only assist crouch/standing poses? Thanks!
How well does it work for the Star Wars Black Series 6"?
Would this hold 3.75" Figures (e.g. Marvel Universe), where the waistline might be around .5"-1"?
Will this fit with other bases from the Figurart line (Such as the Sailor Moon Figurart base)?
Will this be good for dc new 52 6.75" figures?
Can this be used for a Kotobukiya Bishoujo? Specifically the "Freddy" Bishoujo? Thanks for the help.
How well would this work with the 9" Play Arts Kai Spike Spiegel figure? Will it grip the waist? (Any alternative stands folks could recommend?)
Is this the closest thing I can get to a replacement arm and grip for my SHFiguarts Sailor Moon, and will it fit into the Sailor Moon base?
I'm in the market for a stand to hold a 8" Lara Croft Play Arts Kai figure from Square Enix. Will this stand be sufficient for holding one?
Will it hold a MS Girl Armor Girls Project Wing Zero Custom? The One that came with it broke.
Did anyone think to grab a tape measure and actually measure the height of this bear ?????
Does this teddy bear sit up on its own?
what is the actual length of this bear?
is it the same size bear the one they have in Walmart for 39.98 thats also jumbo size and have heart on its right arm saying I love you.
Description is made in USA or Imported. Do we know where this one is made?
does the bear come wrapped in plastic in a box?
how long will it take to ship to Bellevue, Washington?
if you measure the teddy bear standing up h ow tall is it?
how much time does it take to ship to simi valley ,California
I was wondering if this is the one for kids? It does not show that on the picture.
is the game bilingual
does this have person, place and things cards
How many can play this game? How many headbands are included?
Is it free shipping
is it come in wrapped box ?
Is this game to hard for a 4 &amp; 5 year old?
would this fit an adults head and is the head bandz adjustable
can 2 year olds play
Do the bands adjust large enough for large adult heads so I can play with my kids?
size of mat
Does the Jumbo Deluxe mat draw draw with different colors of just bluw? Walmart's site says it has all the primary colors.
does this pen write on the walls too??? I Hope not.
How wide is the miter box? How tall? In other words, what size stock could this comfortable handle? Thanks.
What is the internal (material area) dimensions of the box? Also, are the slots wide or thin? (I need pretty thin). Thanks
will the handle and box work with xacto saws?
The description lists two different teeth per inch: first it says it is "54 teeth per inch" and then it says it is "46 TPI". Which is it?
Is it easy to set up? And its for a 7year old..
I just want to use this for bird/wildlife watching. Will this be a good choice?
I have this telescope I bought at a garage sale, but it is missing what I think is the eyepiece. How can I tell if I need more than that?
what are shipping dimensions of the box it comes in ?
Where can I buy parts if I lose or break them
When not using the telescope, how are you storing it? Any good accessories for safe storage?
Is there a camera adapter available for this model?
how is this compared to the Celestron 21024 FirstScope telescope? I am looking for a telescope that works great for stars planets and the moon.
What is the difference between the black and green telescope?
What is the maximum magnification for this telescope?
will standard size postcards in a protective sleeve fit in the pockets?
I want to use these for 3.5x5 cards and have text on the back which I want to be able to see without pulling the card out - will these work??
Is this product acid-free to protect photos?
My cards are exactly 4x5. Will it fit these?
Do these open on the sides or the top/bottom?
does thist fits in a 2.2" spine binder Designed for 8.5" x 11" sized paper?or are they to big?
Can pictures fit in back to back to see pictures on both sides? Thank you.
Are these top load?
What if the pictures are horizontal. I only see slots for vertical pictures
What if the pictures are horizontal. I only see vertical
Are these acid free?
Are these top loading or side loading pages? I prefer the side loading as items are more secure and product doesn't fall out.
Do you need to buy a special binder for these holders or will they fit in a standard 3 ring binder
How tight are these pockets? If accidentally tipped, would small envelopes slide out?
can I fit a regular 8.5 x 11 paper folded i half in this?
Does each page hold just 2 pictures or will it hold 4?
Can you use the 1/24 Evolution cars on this digital track
are the controllers with this set wireless?
can 1/32 scale cars be used on this track?
Can extensions be added after assembling it?
What are the dimensions of the dollhouse after it is built? Can I fit it through a doorway?
I am wondering if I should get this or a conventional dollhouse. Concerned about reviewers who say it falls apart. My kids are older -- age six. Does that make a difference? I am also hoping that it will be useful to store some of their playmobil toys...
Is this toy appropriate for 3 year olds or are the pieces too small?
I just bought the Playmobil Take Along Modern Dollhouse. Are these figures/items the same size?
Will this set fit in the Playmobil suburban house?
how long is he from nose too end of his tail?
How big is the pillow pet?
size
how long is it from nose too end of his tail?
What material is it made of ?is it suitable for summers or winters and will it work for a 11 year old who loves comfort and a bit of cuddly thing
Is this the same as the "Seat Pet?"
What is its size meaning length breadth and height ?
Why is it that most other Pillow Pet varieties (e.g. other animals and designs) are generally around $20-30 but the Moose is $89.95?
I'd like to know if this is the 30" jumbo size zebra pillow pet?
is this the zebra or the dolphin, it is shown as zebra; but description calls it dolphin. also, is it 18". thank you.
What are the batteries needed. It looks like button batteries but what size and how many? Thanks!
How do you change the batteries on this?
I ordered this last week and got it today...one of the back feet is all black and stained?
is this the 18" pillow pet?
Is it brighter than it appears or true to color? I'm hoping to find identical to the 2010 version my son has worn ragged.
What size is this pillow pet? In the description it says 16 inches, but everyone knows genuine Pillow Pets are 18 inches.
Is it 18 inches?
Is this a genuine Pillow Pet?
Is there a reason the customer's image is different than the product picture shown? I'm concerned that I'm not buying what I see.
what size is this pillow pet? I'm looking for the 18"
How Largw is the pillow pet??
Does this look like the picture? The thumbnail and the picture look different. Is yellow and tan different that the original?
How big is this?
I would like to know if this is only night vision or both vision.
I would like to know what year it is and generation. Also let me know which color is night vision.
Can you see breathing at night? can you see the hot air escaping from the person?
Recordings? I want to know if this records via USB plash plug in?
What happens when I go out of range
Can you tell me why only one of the sets of IR lights come on. When looking thru the lens the right hand side illuminates, but not the left???
What size ? S, M, L
Can you see say up to 400/500 yards outside in like a cutover in the woods or pasture land
do these goggles cover things like near sightedness?
Can anyone tell me if directions or instructions come with these or not?
how long does it need to be charged
what kind of USB port do i need for this t o work, is their a specific USB port i need to purchase in order to charge this
Do you need to plug it in whenever you use it
is there a lie detector
Mine got wet. Stopped working. What happens?
Band broke - can we get a replacement?
Spynet video watch: How do you turn off the video watch?
How to Upload Mission To Spynet? How Do I Upload The Recorded Missions?
Cannot figure out how to download missions. HELP! What difference does this make?
The watch loses time whenever it goes to sleep mode. How do I keep that from happening?
is it easy to use
how long can it record?
This pen came with no instruction info or for what is what on pen like secret USB connector or how to use pen I am very dissatisfied with this pen I can't use it without instruction manuel it wasn't packaged and looks like it was used, so what can u do...
Does it start automatically at the sound of a voice? Do I have to be in the room for it to activate?
What size batteries does this take?
Radio Flyer Bumper car: Why did the price double in an hour?
Has anyone found this goes too fast? The wheels seem speedier than other ride-ons with big plastic wheels? Thanks!
How much does car weigh (ie, is 5.8 lb shipping weight accurate?)
How well does the bumper car roll on carpet?
is this good for riding outside too? on the sidewalk?
would this bike work well in grassy areas or dirt? we live on acreage that does not have sidewalks
I have a repeat question because it has been answered two different ways. Are the tires plastic or rubber. The front look like rubber but not sure.
Will this bike suit a soon-to-be 3 yr old who is 3 ft tall, measures 19.5" sitting legs stretched flat, from rear to flat of her feet? Thanks for Helping!
For a one year old???
i found it so difficult to make the handlebar tighten the fork clamp enough.does any suggest?
Our three year old son is 39 inches tall, his feet barely make the pedals on the Radio Big Flyer, will he be long enough for this model?
The bike looks great but one bolt is threaded - can you send me a replacement? Its the latch bolt on the pole that shortens and lengthens the bike
for what age is this appropriate?
Does this bike have a parent handle or do they make one that can be purchased...?
Hello I need to know which is the weight that this tricycle
Can you push the motorized train manually as well?
Can thomas wooden train run on the brio track?
Can the blue motorized train in the Travel Switching Set be use freehand, without the motor operating?
can the motorized be used free hand without turning it on auto mode.
is the red trian goes by itself alos, or just with the push
What is the difference in Brio and Schylling Brio?
Is the engine powerful enough to climb to the upper level?
What size and age is youth? looking for my daughter she is 5'4 125lbs
does this include the playsheets that go in the vinyl compartments?
Is it made in USA or China? I need to know where is it made.
I've used a Champro version of this and laminated the cards, but they have a tendency to slip out of the sleeve. How does this version seal?
if you playing football with this band does the sweat get into the paper making it soggy?
how many wristbands come with this order?
does this detect to see if a person is really lieing
What shod we do whith it
Does it work
how mutch is thses
Does it work
what type and how many batteries do you need for this?
is it loud
how fast is it anh how slow?
Buy one a while ago and the remote stopped working, where can I send it for repair?
Manual for spy gear trakr
how long the battery takes to run down
Is this discontinued? The website doesn't seem to show up either.
how many batteries dose it need?
Spy Car: I sent this back and didnt get my money back. how can i get my money back?
what is the link to the apps
Scrabble Flash Battery Life: Anybody had Scrabble Flash long enough to need to replace the batteries?
How big are the tiles? Would this game be good for an elderly person with very poor vision?
Two players. How Do you play two player mode.
Does the game allow for more than five cubes? Can one buy extras and if so, where?
why it does not glow until now
are these latex? I am looking for latex free super balls
do they float?
Are these hollow or solid?
why it does not glow like the picture
is the head looking straight forward?
Does it come with the swords?
does it come in the original packaging
Is he awesome? Does he make pancakes??
Is this worth keeping in the original package, or should I just open it and display it?
can you put the swords at the back
can you put the swords at the back
does he have swappabble hands?
does it have durability
Can you please specify what are ALL the accessories it comes with?
What country are they made?
Would these pans/utensils work with the IKEA Duktig play kitchen?
We have a kidkraft uptown kitchen and is was wondering if the pans and utensils hang correctly from the kitchen pegs, or if they are too long.
Any rust / dent issues? Are they easily dentable? I saw an 2010 review where the person said it was a lower stainless steel grade and easily dentable
Do you know what the food items are made of? It looks like it might be wood or plastic. Can't seem to see in the description. Thanks!
what are the size of the pans?
How big are the pots and pans? 5 inches in diameter means from lip to lip (not including the handles)?
Will these fit the Hape playfully delicious kitchen?
How heavy are the pots and pans? I am concerned they could hurt kids if dropped on foot or something.
Some reviewers say these are stainless steel, others say they rust.. Perhaps they have been downgraded? Are they weighty, sturdy SS?
is that made in China?
How many ounces does the teapot hold and the tea cups?
is the basket wicker or plastic?
Does the teapot pour?
w big are the cups? are they regular size cups? if not how big in inches ? thank you
what material is this tea set made of?
does the lettuces grow ?
can i grow something beside lettuces in it ?
Is there information included that would teach kids about the chemistry of the nutrients?
do fish go in it and is it sturdy and if fish don't go in it what creates the waste the plants need?
Hi we just rec'd ours, looks cool. But the net pots are too narrow or the base is too large as the pots go right through the base! Can you fix it?
What are the dimensions of this dome?
Did anyone get instructions in ENGLISH for this product??
Does this really change color and rotate like it's said in the description?
Mine did not come with a light bulb. Where can I purchase one small enough to fit?
Can it.be plugged into the wall?
How do you have the nerve to peddle this piece of crap? Worst product ever! Send me a refund!!!
Does this lamp show the constellation outlines? I see in photos of various versions that some appear to and others do not.
Does this require batteries?
Hello, what color light is produced from this star projector? Is it blue or yellow
Has anyone tried this with an LED bulb? Is it any brighter?
Hi, I would like to know if you can ship this item to mexico? thanks
how to play Disney cranium?
what are the differences between this edition, the family edition, &amp; a family edition with Phineas &amp; Ferb on the box. Which is most current?
Is this correct, 18 months? Product Details: Manufacturer recommended age: 18 months and up
I recieved a version with phinas and ferb on it. Is it the same? or does the one I got have more tv questions? I wanted only disney movie questions.
family oriented ?
Is it suitable for 12 yr olds
is it easy enough for 6 year old
can this be adapted for 2 people to play
what are some of the questions,,,just trying to see if it would be easy enough for a 10 year old
Are the answers included for 5 Second Rule?
Can 10 people play
can I buy a replacement timer
Is there an extension card pack?
How does one decide between original W&amp;W, Part W&amp;W, &amp;Family W&amp;W?
Family of 3 - daughter is a bright 11 year old. Will she find "family" too babyish? Which version should we get?
how much fun is it
what are the ages of hte children who can play
What is a fun board game?
How does this game compare to Malarky?
how do u play
Are the questions different than the questions in the original Wits and Wagers game? Would they work as an expansion to the original game?
Max number of players (family edition)? Box says 10, but there are only 5 answer cards...
I want the version that has a felt cloth to spread out and place bets on .....which one ahould I order?
what is the size?
does it come with all the pieces that attach to front or just bucket?
is this plastic or metal?
size
About how far can you launch the ball?
Alfie Days has this game that is so funny right?
would a 5 year old be able to snap shut with one hand?
Can you use ping pong balls with it or only the balls that come with it?
Is this the old Tyco race track set? May i use this cars on aTyci rece track?
can you add other electric cars to this set
what is the power source
how do you get power to the track?
Are the tracks compatible w/Thomas trains, chuggington, etc.?
How many sets of the suretrack clips are needed for this train set? I think there are about 14 clips in one set of clips. Thank you.
Is there a use in buying more tracks? I don't mind spending the money if it can be used!! (Being the grandmother is SO much fun!!)
Are the train track pieces wooden or are they plastic and just look like wooden pieces?
Does it come with all pieces shown inside the drawer in the picture of the beige one? (wooden bridge with tunnel under it) thanks!
Does it work with Brio trains?
Are the compartments connected with magnets?
Is this table large enough to handle VTech Go Go Smart Wheels Train Playset?
Does the table top flip over for a solid colored table top?
Does it work with Thomas diecast trains?
How tall is it?
Does it come with the adhesive to make it stick to the dash in my car?
How does it work?
How wide is the base at it's widest part? Thanks!
I need to float a small bottle with a very small opening, I'm pretty sure I can't fit the supplied magnet in through my opening. Thoughts?
can i use it with 220 V ac
I currently own one but power adapter has gone bad where can I get a replacement?
Can I get a ball magnet that will work with this product? I want to make my own globe.
Must this item be plugged in and powered to work? or is the power plug strictly just for the 4 LED lights?
I thought that it would be cool to have a levitating pen, if I got a metal pen, would it levitate with this? Please respond as soon as possible.
I bought this product. I tested this by carefully following the manual, but have been unable to work. What I can do? Thank You.
Do you have one that supports heavier products than 13oz? Can it display a shoe?
Can the rotation be adjusted, slowed, reversed, stopped. I see there are two potentiometers on the PCB, what are they for?
can i keep this on all night? and if so is their an option to turn off the LED's when it's still floating?
What colors are included in this pack of balloons? Thanks.
are there equal numbers of balloons per color?
Do the the balloons have latex in them?
Are these balloons transparent? I want to fill them with confetti and sparkles!!
Are these latex balloons or latex free? Most other companies say if they are latex or not?
Does it tie down?
what is the weight limmit?
how long is power cord for pump
how long is power cord for pump
Does it come with the pump to inflate it?
What age group for the slide?
what are the shipping dimenssions?
Is the splash pool cushioned (or inflated) on the bottom? Or do the children slide down the slide right on to the ground?
Does there have to be a water hose attached and running at all times or does it cycle the water?
Can this be used wet or dry?
is it compatable with other mr. potato heads?
what age group is this toy for?
what size are they? are great? I'll explain, I need to autistic child to understand the parts of the face but the body has to be great.
What is the difference between the Toy Story version of Mr. Potato Head, and just the classic Mr. Potato Head?
Hello, Is this toy exactly like you shown in the picture? I mean, It comes with all the accesories you say, doesn't it? Thanks!
does mr potato head come in a box?
How big is it?
How deep are the pools?
do you got to keep water hose connected to this for it to work?
Max weight recommendation 9.81 pounds? huh?
What kind of surface does this need to be set up on? We don't have any grass, just 1/4 minus DG, concrete, and paveing stone patios.
Does this have multiple drains (for each of the different pool areas)? If it does are they easy to get to? If not how do all the pool areas drain?
We need a replacement hose for this product, are those available for separate purchase?
I have one of the these and have only had it for a month, used it once and the sprayers do not work. Are there anywhere else I can purchase a sprayer
Hello, is it possible to have expedited delivery to the UK &amp; how much would you charge. rauf
Is there a two yr warranty on this waterslide?
Can the blower use 220 electricity (thailand)
Just a heads up to whoever is selling this, Amazon that means you too. It says on the main page of this listing that it is a 100 car tote. It holds 50
What are the dimensions? how many will it fit wooden train tracks?
What is it made of? Cardboard, canvas? Sturdy?
What age child
How big is the mat when it folds out?
how many cars does it hold
What are the diamension of the mat?
Is this a toy or real guitar for kids? Does it comes with strap knobs attached?
does this come with a strap and picks?
Will the graphic on the guitar I purchase be the same as the graphic in the picture?
Does this come with a case? From the picture, it looks like it has steel strings, but is it steel or nylon strings?
how much assembly is required
Do I have to assemble this bike?
Is this too small for a huge two year old? 47 pounds 40 inches
does it have any seat belt installed?
How well does this ride in a grass backyard?
What battery charger should I order for the toy story ill quad t5003
Does this run on carpets?
How easy it is to assemble this?
How well does it ride on grass?
For what age
Any suggestions as to how best to hang this from a horizontal beam on my front porch?
I have it put together, but is the smooth plastic side supposed to be on the inside or outside?
Can this be hung from a Shepherd's pole?
How long is the balloon itself?
how do you puy it together
what are the measurements for this drum
How long are the drum sticks that come with this drum? I saw a reviewer who complained they were a little too short. Buying for a 4 and 2 year old.
Can little ones bop this drum with their hands as well as the sticks?
What material is the top part made of? Is it paper? Plastic? Does it rip or break easily
Does this drum strap on like a bass drum or a snare drum? I'm trying to find a toddler-sized marching bass drum...
What's the best way to get pen marks off the drum?
Where is this toy drum made?
Age appropriate level
I too have a question about the shelf, I see how long the base, but I was wanting a shelf to be approx. 4" out from the wall, would that work?
What is the size of the base that model is mounted on?
Can anyone tell me specifically what the material is, like what type of plastic? Need to be able to look up the melting point.
Is this the wacky lab t rex?
I'm interestted in glueing mine together. What kind of glue should I use?
Which material is this T. rex made out of? Is it resin or some sort of plastic? I need to know specifically.
Is the tail flexible? I was thinking about buying this for my fish tank, but it's just a hair under 36"...
What is is made out of? Is it durable? I am wanting to stick it in concrete at the bottom of a sandbox as something to discover when digging in the sand.
How tall is this figure? Thanks.
What batteries does alphie ll take
What type of batteries do I have to use? It doesn't work with brand new Duracell
Age recommendation?
solo ingles
Turns on fine but no audio coming from the toy. Any fixes out there?
Our Alphie doesn't have a cartridge. Are the cartridges just for the various booster packs that you can order? Just making sure.
i need help mine didnt work and i cant return it since im outside USA help!!!
Can you plug headphones into alphie so that the child is the only one who can hear it??
Does Alphie have any activities or games in Spanish?
can you get foreign languages for this product
which are measures of the pool?
does this pool come with the ring toss and blow up turtle plus whale? the picture shows those items but the description doesn't say they are included.
Hi, Does this includes the pool? or there are only the ring toss game, turtle &amp; whale toys? thank you
What is the eyeview comfort time on this?
Do the compass and range finder interfere when looking at things?
Is the eyepiece rubber or does it have an eyeglass spin function?
could you use it under water?
Product dimensions for this monocular are listed as 12 x 9 x 5. What are the actual dimensions?
Does this Deep Sea Monocular float, like the Deep Sea Binoculars?
Is this snake so rigid than there is no flexibility, or can it be manipulated with a string as to appear to raise it's head?
Knowing that the circular shape is permanent, what is the diameter across?
how thick is it
how long is it
does it have a tongue
is this plastic
does the tail rattle?
can you tell me about how big the head is on this snake?
Mine has very low power after 20 to 30 flights--motor?
does it have a remote
How big is it?
And how does it steer?
What's it made of?
which is better this or pandemic?
Which is better for two players? Forbidden Island or Forbidden Dessert?
Does the game play well with 2 players? I'm specifically looking for a good 2 player game...
Is this a good game for adults
Is this good for children
Can this game be played with "teams"? I'm thinking it would be a great team building enrichment activity in my classroom with 4-5 people per team.
Can you play with six people?
This was 15 dollars before holiday hype hit, any chance of it lowering again?
I'm looking for some card sleeves for Forbidden Island, which are the right/best ones to purchase?
is this game played on a Wiiu or a play station3
I'm having trouble getting the 4x6 beam more than 10% into the hardware, even after sanding it down a bunch. I'm reluctant to push it further as it might get stuck half way in. Any suggestions?
forgive the likely stupid question...but does it tell you exactly what to buy as far as the lumber?
Should the bolts for the swings go from the top of the beam down, or up through the hanger? Does it matter? And which side for the washers?
When using 4x4x8' for the legs, what will be the height from the cross bar to the ground? How about when using 4x4x10'? Thanks!
Where are the instructions???????
Instructions? Where are they
What is the weight capacity of each swing?
What size drill bit do I need for the swing bolts? I'll be buying a 6" long one, but didn't know the diameter. Thanks!
is it really necessary to sink the legs into the ground? is it possible to just use anchors instead? I don't understand how to cement it when the legs are angles out like that. Thanks!
has anyone built a 10 foot tall swing set using this kit
does the handle fold down? I am wondering if this would fit in the trunk of a sedan vehicle or not...pontiac g6 2009 model
how does this wagon do at the beach, sand wise?
We live in Arizona where the sun is very intense...does the canopy really provide good shade for the children in the wagon?
Can anyone confirm that this wagon has rubber wheels? The product description says it does, but according to reviews it sounds like maybe not.
i have a 10 month old n a 2 and 1/2 yr old is it safe for a baby to sit inside buckled ???
Is it easy to fit into a trunk? Is it comfortable 4 the kids? What is the age/weight limit? Is it large enough 4 a child to lay down across the seats?
If you take both seats out, can you put a child lying down in the wagon?
which are dimensions of this wagon?
What are the box dimensions?
I would like to know the exact Length of the skateboards in inches or millimeters
can you tell me the heigh of the handlebar so maybe I can figure out what height I need for my almost 4 yr old Grand-daughter,
what is the height of this cart? my daughter is 4 and is 31 inches tall.
is this too tall for a just 2 year old?
Does the entire cart fold up?
Is assembly required?
How do you refasten the seat?
Is this cart all metal or does it have a plastic basket?
Where is this made?
size height
Would you recommend it for a 6 year old or is it too small? If so, is there a larger one out there?
Does this doll stroller have a crotch buckle (3 strap) or just 2 straps that go across the waist?
what is height of stroller and what is warrenty
Does this stroller have plastic or rubber wheels? I'm looking for rubber since the plastic wheels scratch the finish on our hardwood floors.
does it fold flat?
does ti come with food?
Is it possible to order a replacement handle for the fridge?
Do the cupboards acutally open and hold items?
are the dimensions 45" W 41 "H 10"D KITCHEN ?
Is this seriously only 23 inches high? That doesn't make sense.
accessories with kitcen: do the pots and pans/stool it shows in the picture come with the Kitchen or do you have to buy those separately?
How wide is it ?
how do you turn on the sound for the cook stove
Can Multiple Sets Work Simultaneously? Does anyone know?
How many batteries does it take to operate both guns/targets?
When it shoots does a light flash to look like it is shooting?
does it ahve a score keeping system?
How loud are they and because we live in Minnesota we would be using them in a basement during the winter
If i buy two of the laser tag sets, will they work together if 4 people are playing at one time?
As someone asked- what is the difference between the 199$ set and the 45$ set? do these emit an actual light beam?is there a wire attached to gun?
What kind of rechargeable AAA batteries can you use with this?
does this come with vests?
can the target go any where, not just them arm?
Does this train set have an electric transformer? I do not want battery operated. Looking for a transformer like the trains in the 50s and 60s.
Are the train and tracks metal or plastic?
Can i get more track for train set
Can the train properly run on carpet or needs to be on a hard surface?
What is the length?
Can this be used with the water slide
On a 4 ft platform is the incline to fast / too steep for a 2.5 year old?
It said this slide came wity mounting hardware but I didnt receive any. What comes with this?
We need this to mount to a 5ft platform. Is this possible??
How wide is this slide?
In the initial description it states that this is rated for 350lbs, then further down in the description, it states 270 lbs. Which is it?
Our deck of the swingset is 46.5" tall. This says it's for 48". Will that cause an issue or should this work well for us? Thanks!
what are the dimensions of the crib?
I want to give this to a family who is moving soon - what was the size of the package it arrived in?
will a 14" doll fit in this? Crib, highchair etc?
Is the height 26"? Trying to figure out how tall it is for my daughter to stand next to it.
What is the main color of this item? Is this mainly white with pink &amp; purple accents?
Up to what size doll does the crib hold?
Will an American Girl Bitty Baby fit in the crib? Or, How long is the crib area? I think the Bitty Babys are 15 in., but not positive.
what length baby doll will fit in the crib part?
will it come with axsesseries?
does one know the max weight capacity
can you pull it with watercraft
can someone tell me what makes this better (or not) than the 4 person Relaxation station? are they both made of the same thickness/quality?
Good Day.. i just want to know what excatly it is ? is it like a bag and i need to pump an air in it ? or its 1 big kit as shown in pic.advice pls..
Is the mesh cooling area strong enough for a 1.5 / 2 yr old to sit and play in?
What do you use to blow this up? Would an AIRHEAD AHP-120HP Hi Pressure Air Pump work?
does anyone have the specific dimensions of the box this is shipped in?
How big is the box it ships in?
what are the inflated dimensions
Is there a weight limit for this?
how wide is the swing seat?
What is needed to be able to hang this from a tree?
What's the weight rating for this swing?
does it come with any hardware?
What is the weight limit on the packaging? It should have been included in the above description.
How long are the chains on this swing?
How long are the chains?
what color is the chain?
Manufacturer recommended age: 24 months - 10 years. Is it really big enough for a 10 year old?
Will I be able to hang this from a tree branch?
Is this swing similar to the ones you see at the playground in terms of size?
What is the weight limit on this swing? Don't see this information in the description.
How long is the chain?
How long are the chains? One person said nine to ten feet and another person said 34"?
Will this work with any home phone?
how do i find a replacement battery for the headset?
Is this compatible with RCA 25260??
Does this work with the 25255RE2?
is this headset compatible with model RCA 25425RE1?
How do you use line 2 while someone is using this headset. When we try it hangs up on line one.
Is this wireless headset compatible to RCA model# 25252?
Is RCA 2102-2BKGA 2 Dect Cordless ITAD Phone compatible with Dect 6.0 Cordless Accessory Headset (RCA-25065RE1)?
Does this have to be plugged into the cordless handset?
is this headset compatible to RCA visys model # 25424RE1
Can a child put water in the water tank and have it go into the mixing module?
DOES THE BRUDER MEN FIT INSIDE OF THIS TRUCK?
Does the cabin tilt to show the engine?
What do the hoses on the truck do? Are they just for show?
Do the doors open on this truck like the Bruder Mack Mixer?
Is the red tank a water reservoir. Does it have an opening to pour water into the tank?
Does the light and sound module fit this truck?
Can you put water in it..is there a hose like the other truck..
what are the actual dimensions of this heli.?
It seems like all beginner/intermediate heli's (like this) that fly outdoors have problems with wind?Which product can best handle it in your opinion?
what is the size of the S032G
Is this a genuine Syma product sold by "Sell Below Cost" on amazon?
what size batteries required RC-SO32G?
I'm buying this for my 5 year old and understand it's better to learn indoors. So, my question is - do I get this one or the S107G?
Is this a genuine Syma product?
what are the Charging Time and the Flight Time?
Does this come with the 3.7V lipo battery?
Whats with the charger on the heli? Ive bought two helis in three months.the female socket is loose and it breaks off the circuit board.
What age boys would enjoy this?
How big are they?
I need a 1966 red chevy truck for my husband's 70th birthday. Got one of those??
Does the back gate open?
im not good with measurements , would you please give me an example on how big these cars are? 1/32? . big as a pen?, coin?, bottle of soda?thanks
Are these models of the 1958 Apache Step side?
Are these made in China?
Do they come each in individual box or all together in one, if any?
Size Please?
What year are these trucks based on?
bag
Does this game require that players know English? I'm thinking of sending it for a 13 year old niece overseas.
It says "ages 8+" Will my 5 year old enjoy it ??
How does one win this game?
Would this game be fun for a group of 20-somethings to play while ingesting alcoholic beverages?
How do you win at this game?
Would this game suit boys aged 11-20?
Have this item Dice Cup?
Could someone please describe how is this game played?
How big are the cubes?
Will they fit a emaxx?
Does it come with 4 tires all together?
Would these fit an HPI savage XL?
Will these work with the classic tmaxx?
Will these fit 1/5 scale bajas?
how many tires and wheels does the set include?
is this for two wheels and tires ? Will the friction mount work for a 360?
why does this look so odd?
is an authentic Kozilek or some kind of altered art thing?
am i getting a real card or an altered art card?
Amazon says this bird is 16" long and 8" high and almost 2 pounds, is this info correct?
Can I bind my Spektrum DX6i Radio to this Blade MCX2 Heli ?
How much is a transmitter where do u get them
I own the original yellow MCX and wanted to know if that BNF Remote Control is compatible with the MCX2 so I don't have to buy another remote control.
Can I fly this with my blade cx2 transmitter as I do my blade SR?
Is it 4 wheel drive
How do I choose the color?
Is it brushles? What is the speed with one batt? Can you install a 2nd batt?
does it come with the new traxxas tqi radio and a charger
What is the run time with stock batteries?
delivery is made in their original packaging? whether there is a complete set of instructions, tools and parts apasnye?
Does it have the lvd evx-2
Is this the brushless version
Is it ready to use ? Or I need to collect the parts ?
doe it have a charger with it?
What is the flying time when fully charged?
These Symas look to be very similar RC helis:107G, 111G, 109G &amp;102G. Can anyone tell me is this really worth 4 x the price of those?
is amazon's description correct? 16 inches long and over 2 pounds???
does it come with a charger and batteries
Would you recommend this helicopter for an eight year old?
does it come with a 4-channel DSM2 transmitter?
Does this also come with a transmitter?
Where to purchase extra batteries
Would you recommend this helicopter for an eight year old?
How far from the distance of the remote control will the helicopter fly before you have to move closer to it?
What is the difference in this pony and the Tek Nek Rockin' Rider Starlight Grow with me Pony - Animated Plush Rocker and Spring Horse?
What color is this pony? Is it pink or purple or tan?
this is what I am wanting for my son with the seat around him....does it come in red possibly???
How much does this wagon weigh empty?
Can you provide a bit of information? What is the wheel size, weight limit, what is the frame made out of (steel?) and what fabric is the wagon body?
Would you use this on sand? Not just hard packed sand, but soft sand? Will I just get stuck?
What is the maximum weight it will hold?
What color is this cart
What are the dimensions of this wagon?
I remember when this was $30 from amazon I wish I would have pick it up then there's no way on god's green earth I would pay $300 for an action figure
Is the box in english? Im trying to only get the english editions.
The box says Dragon Ball Z or Dragon Ball Kai?
Is it a pre-order item (April) or you have it in stock?
When is the re-issue of this figure coming to Amazon for Pre-Order this 2015?
Is this figure very durable and if so are the other sh figures as durable
is this a japanese version with gold toei sticker?
Can you please verify that is figure is new and that the box is in mint condition? Thank you.
Is this the comicon gohan or the normal gohan?
How many come in the pack?
What is the length of the Toypedo?
Can it float on water after you throw? If it float, much easier to retrive, rather than dive and search the bottom of the big pool.
Are you able to pick the color/style?
does it run on a battery?
how many does it come with?
Will this nicely display a 3.75" figure too? e.g. Marvel Infinite series.
Will this support a 7.5 inch figure such as the "Voltron Blazing Sword Voltron SDCC 2011 Exclusive Figure"?
Would these work with voyager class Transformers?
How would it work with GFFMC unicorn figures? Looking for a nice and sturdy stand that can support this heavy weights and lift it up to make any pose
Hello, will this support a 11 inch action figure? Thank you... :)
Is this compatible with the Bandai Tamashii Nations Super Robot Chogokin Mazinkaiser and other types of smaller Chogokin robots?
will these work for saint seiya myth cloth figures?
Will this stand work for HG 1/144 models?
'''''would this work for my Marvel Select iron man
Would this be the best thing to support super heavy figures like Play Arts Kai Solidus Snake?
Does this keyboard have a stand to place the books while playing (son;t see it in the picture)? Is the stand the dark brown color as shown in pic?
Can you make it sound like a pipe organ (temporarily)?
It does come with a pedal right? It says that but I saw no written description or picture of it. Also-the price seems great but is this a god piano to take to events like open mic nights? Does it connect to standard amplification systems?
Does the Yamaha Education Suite really help. My Grandson is taking piano lessons in High School and I thought this might be a good Christmas present for him. Would this be a help for a beginner learning the piano?
How should I decide between the YPG 535 and DGX 650? I'm a fairly good clasical pianist and want a piano in my second home..
Can I plug in 220V? I'm gonna take it to Europe.
There are 2 weights for this products that are widely different, 99 Ib and 37 Ib. Which weight is the correct one to give to a shipping freight service
What tools are needed for assembly?
Does this keyboard work with apple computers and their garage band app?
i'll ask the question again....can this key board be pluged into a external amp? its a deal breaker if it can't.
How long to charge the battery?
There comes with all electronics and if it have it are waterproof
Hello ... Is this waterproof? thank you.
how fast is it
the 3 pt mount on te 3rd axle is the weak point it broke within 15 min of oour forst crawl and we went through 9 c-chubs in 6 hours after taking off
what is the quality of the tires? they seem plasticy
Is the shipping weight for this rock crawler really 30 lbs?
How long does the strawberry smell last?
Does this bear have purple toes or are his toes completely grey?
How durable is this bear, could it be used as a dog toy.
what does Disney / Pixar Toy Story 3 Exclusive 15 Inch Deluxe Plush Figure Lotso Lots O Huggin Bear Sold by: N.W. Games say?
authentic disney store patch ?
is this machine washable?
Does he come with his cane?
is this one the original sold in disney store??
How does this produxct come wrapped? Box? Bag? THX
is this a small one, a medium one, or a large one
Do you post to Australia?
Hi, Do you ship to Reunion Island (french overseas in Indian Ocean)?
Do you post to China?
Do you ship to Singapore
is the scoop strong enough to dig inside a sand box, or is it only for indoor use?
Can i know how much is the postage charge for Singapore ? is it free ?
are all the peices in the box
Is there any chance you'll ship to NZ? If so how much?
Is this the updated set that includes the post-recall service pack? I understand that there is a green sticker that indicates this.
id the lego 8043 still brand new, sealed in the box?
Are the legos large size
Can you tell me the measurements of the box?
How many pieces are in the box?
What is the age range?
is lego 5507 compatible with lego 10518?
What size is the large base plate that comes with this set? And is it sold separately? I only see 15x15 and 10x10 on amazon.
Could you please tell me if there is room in this box to add more bricks? Thank you!
Does the keyboard or guitars have straps ?
will I get at least one keyboard
Hi, are these instruments adult size?
i would like to know if there are really an assortment of all the instruments pictured, or, as one customer wrote, its only guitars &amp; trumpets. thanks
do they make any sounds?
hi how many pieces (inflatable instruments) are included per package?
I've heard it makes multiple sounds, do they all sound like the regular quick pulsing sound the Doctor's makes?
what kind of batteries does it take?
Is it supposed to light up? The one we bought makes noise but does not light up.
Does this screwdriver come apart or is it a more "permanent" structure?
Why doesn't Amazon ship the sonic screwdriver with batteries installed?(I'm worried that I might break the screwdriver.)
My friend has Ten's screwdriver, and I know that that one also has a pen(a feature which I don't like) does this one also have that feature?
Is it actually a screwdriver?
Does the sonic screwdriver come with the batteries required?(I ordered one just in case.)
On Ten's Screwdriver, a detachable part broke, does this have anything detachable?
I ordered one from a different seller that had the same description but that one didnt extend and only made one sound. Does this one extend?
Can I hang this from a deck? And do I need to purchase any additional hardware?
Would this be able to hang from a tree??? its hard to tell as there are no pictures of how it mounts
Does this attach to a regular play set or do you need to buy an additional bracket to attach it since it has 4 chains?
Will it still swing if only one child is on it?
How long are the chains?
Are the chains covered in plastic or are they exposed so that fingers can get pinched?
does the package include installation hardware?
how much horizontal space do you need for swinging?
could glider be attached to a tubular steel frame?
Is the seat inside hollow you think? Ours currently is and when one kid sat to far on one side, leaned back against the bars it bent the seat).
How many inches long is Henry? Does it go with the Fisher Price train set?
Why is this Take and Play Talking Train 3 times as expensive as the others?
Does this train move?
Are the batteries able to be replaced?
Does this "Take-n-Play Talking Henry" set work on the wooden railroad tracks?
Are the Take-n-play die-cast compatible with the wooden tracks?
Do i need something else to this
can this wheelie bar be used with a rpm rear bumper on the 1/16 e revo
Do i need something else to this
How tall is the stroller?
My daughter is 9 and still loves to play with dolls but all of the baby doll strollers seem to be for younger kids. Would this work for taller kids?
how many inches high is the handle
Can this stroller fold up when finished playing?
the closet is for a american girl 18 in doll ?
Where were extra hangers purchased, that fit this armoire? Thanks!
will clothes for a 20 inch adora doll fit in this. How many items can be hung up? Can hangers for newborn clothing be used?
What are the dimensions
How many outfits does it fit on the hanging side?
does it come with other clothing
does she really come with a bottle because one of the reviews said she did not and does she come with full arms and legs
does she come with a pacifier
Is this doll weighted?
is she sillacone
does she weigh in pouns
does she look just like the pitcher
does she breath
can her cloths come off
can she take a real passyfire
Are they really smiley or are some crying and angry as the reviews are saying?
hi , how big is this eraser ? thanks
are these spherical like balls? i would like to buy if they are so my son can play with them like balls too.
I see the eraser is 1.25" round but how thick is it?
Does this include batteries?
what age
is Bilingual?
does it have colored LCD?
Bilingual Toys (english-spanish) these toys are available (laptops and the like) as bilingual English Spanish?
what is the age group for this?
Where is the record feature on 3 in 1 musical band
What country manufactured this toy?
How many Batteries we need for this Toy ?
how is the dimension size of package??
Are all these cars metal only and no plastic parts
Is the box cardboard or metal, and it shows a lock on it is that a real lock?
Are these pull-back cars? ... meaning, when I slide them backwards, do they zoom forward? Are "Hot Wheels" cars pull-back-enabled in general?
I have a 3 year old and a 1 year old. If I get these for the 3 year old, the 1 year old will mouth them. Is the paint non-toxic?
How are they packaged, in regular on-the-shelf packaging?
Do you get the cars that are in the picture?
when you buy this 50 hotwheels cars do you get 50 cars or you get 49. because i bought the box with 50 cars about i got 49 in it
Is it suitable for a 3 year old?
Is there any chance that these boxes will contain the rare Treasure Hunt cars? If not, what sealed boxes must I buy to find those rare cars?
instructions? Can anyone tell me where to get the instructions?
Can anyone tell me the exact size of the princesses? I want t know if the size will match the Rapunzel princess topper I see on here?
Can anyone tell me the exact size of the princesses? I want t know if the size will match the Rapunzel princess topper I see on here?
Can we add these toppers to a regular half-layer cake with pink flowers on top?
where do I find directions didnt come with it and cant find anywhere online.
How tall? Can anyone tell me how tall the princesses and the castle are?
Where do you plug the cord into the train?
brings the railway line or come alone??
what is the weight limit?
the "Power Wheels" charger unit accept 220 input voltage?
is there track that you can purchase for this train?
What is the weight that can ride it?
Do the rear wheels rotate when you just push it? Or are they locked unless you use the button?
Does this toy work on carpet?
How long to charge?
Is there a track sold separately? I purchased the train alone because the one with the track was out of stock. :( Thanks
Do you do combined shipping? I am using these for my classroom for word building.
Are they this color or the reddish color?
Is there any way you could tell me how many of each letter would be sent? I have a project I'm working on and need to know how many packages to order
I'm confused. Exactly who is selling this product? In the heading is the name "Scrabble", lower it says it is sold by Aynsley Newman, then in the Questions section "Lackeys Game and Collectables" seems to be doing most of the answering. There also...
I need to know the exact measurements of these tiles .I will be using them for jewelry.
Hello there! I was wondering if the letters are carved into the wood, or if it's just ink printed onto the tile, then varnished? Thanks for your help!
I ordered at this site because you said you combine shipping but i was charged the equivalent of five shipping charges. I hope you will adjust.
are there 4 letter J's in the set? I need 4 letter J's for my craft. - Mike
I bought 3 bags on the same order. I was charged shipping 3 times for bags that arrived in one envelope. Is your "combined shipping" a new policy?
How much does the shipping usually run if you order 3 sets? Also, did you say in a previous answer that you take off $1 for each additional set?
For a sharp 10 yr. old boy, my grandson, would you recommend getting the basic rummikub or the large number edition?
Has the quality issue been addressed since the reviews indicated that the box became apart and needed to be glued back together by the customer?
what are the tiles made from: plastic or a hard resin?
are the tiles engraved and painted or just painted on?
Do the metal clips that hold the rack come with the set
Are the numbers recessed on this set? So the numbers don't wear off?
Is this set made up of ceramic tiles, or are they plastic? How is the heft? Are they substantial like mahjong tiles?
Are the tiles rounded on all edges? I have a set where the tiles have flat edges on the backside, which makes them very hard to pick up.
What is the size and weight of this box set?
is this a fun game for only two players
Are each of the 8 metal trains a different color?
What size are the tiles?
Does it have the train whistle?
How many dominoes are in this set?
I purchased the set, but cannot figure out how to arrange the dominoes in the box so that they will fit without putting some in the bigger side.
How thick are the tiles?
I received the set but the cardboard corner protectors left a ripped cardboard/glue residue on the box. How can I safely remove this?
Does anyone know where I could find the quality of this set but with the train whistle on the hub?
where is this mexican train game made? thx
is he full silicone
how much does he weigh?
Does this baby have hair?
what does he fit into?
does his close come off
does he have full arms
does he look realistic to trick someone
does this doll have his private parts to make him lifelike I want one that is full body not a plush belly
Has anyone used this inside as a sensory play table? ALSO, Is it sturdy enough for small children to pull themselves up on? Thanks!
It this table easy to breakdown and store?
What is the water depth? I'm looking for a table that holds water at a depth of several inches (not just 1 or 2 inches). Thanks!
Are all American Plastic products made in America with American made parts?
Hi, which country is this table in? Thanks
Does anyone have any suggestions on what i can use in the table for inside use for a two year old besides the sand and water?
is tall enough for a 3 years old?
could it be used in a large whirlpool bathtub?
Can you tell me the dimensions of the table once it is constructed?
Does it have cover or a plug to drain the water?
Is the inside "gel" toxic for children to play with
does it come dry or is it wet?
Seem to be mixed reviews about the COLOR of these blue water pearls - What color are they once plumped up in water?
would you say these are royal blue?
How many grams in a packet?
How long do they last?
I'm thinking of getting these for my son 2 play "ocean" so we don't have 2 use h2o. I'd like 2 store them in large tupperware w/ lid. Good idea/ not?
how many are there?
do they easly roll around?
Are these NAVY in color as one reviewer specifies?
Im using submersible led purple lights in my vases for my wedding; will the color shin through these or look dumb?
Do these water pearl beads float in the water if there is enough space?
How big are they?
How long do they stay full? Do you need to re-hydrate them?
How many ounces is it before and how many gallons does it make with water?
Can you add essential oils or other fragrance to the water to make scented beads?
would these help my pearls to float
how many per vase?
How long do they last? Are they something you can use over and over by refreshing?
So you get 6 packs of purple water beads for the the one price?
I am looking into using these as centerpieces with them in the bottom of a vase full of water, a silk flower and a floating candle. good idea or no?
do they get really big
Can you still add water for decoration?
Can you mixed the colors together
It says 1 sheet = 6 packs. I received 1 small packet. Is that what I should expect? I was expecting 6 packs.
Can you use these with artificial flowers?
where do they come from
I realize that 12 come in a pack but are they each individually wrapped?
How is the air kept it?
Are the dolphins capable of being hung by string? Is there a piece where there is a hole on a tab?
What is "the code" and what kind of game?
Does it come with the code?
How big are these toys? Appropriate for six yr old girl?
If I buy it, would you send the code via email immediately?
how do you make it? in a factory? in a workshop? how?
can you brush her hair?
Is she soft? I'm worried because she is all vinyl. Thanks
cand she stand up and walk?
Does she come in a long pink box or the see through clear plastic box? Thanks.
can you brush her hair?
Is she soft? I'm worried because she is all vinyl. Thanks
cand she stand up and walk?
Does she come in a long pink box or the see through clear plastic box? Thanks.
I am looking for the ORIGINAL Balderdash. When they revised it, I dont recall how anymore, but it wasnt as good. Anyone know about this?
what ages is the game appropriater for
I'm looking to buy this as a game to play in an office, can you have 6 teams of more than one person. Perhaps 6 teams of 3-4 people?
Can more than six play?
Will this tool cut through EVA foam?
will this cut through a 5 gallon plastic bucket?
Wil it cut 1/16 of an inch plastic sheet?
will this cut and singe the ends of paracord?
I want to use this to cut rubber stamps for mounting...will this unit cut through rubber?
How can I replace the blade when it gets all gunked up? The slot in the point holder is too narrow to fit a blade in.
Could this be used to cut through corks?
Will this work for cutting craft cord to keep it frm fraying?
How long is the blade? Thx!
Will it cut nylon and polyester ropes up to 3/4" diameter
Does it have a remote? if so, how far is the range?
do u build it
is the motor reversible?
Is this hovercraft's RC operational frequency permitted for this use in Germany?
Bought two as Xmas gifts, not here yet, going shopping, what size batteries do I need?
can you ride it
looking for a repair kit for my infatable water park. Is it water proof?
does this repair pvc float tubes?
how many patches does it come with?
Will it work on a vinyl pool liner. I have a 4"X21" rip, No way I can pull together. I realize I should use type B but it's only 3" wide.
will this work to patch a water bed,it has 2holes in it about the size of a tail light bulb soi need 2 4 by 4 patches
does the pump come with it
How durable are these?
Are there really spelling errors on the box?
what powers this toy?
Are there many duplicates?
What sets are these from? i.e. Invasion, Planeshift, mercadian masks, etc.
How many foreign cards are included on average?
how much mana is included
What is the approximate ratio of rares to uncommons to commons? What set(s) do these cards come from?
Are there mana cards included?
is it water poof and 4wd
will this body fit the ecx torment 1/10 scale 2 wd short course truck
does it come pre cut
Will this fit on a Stampede?
Will it fit on the scx10?
will this fit a traxxas slash 2wd
Will this fit a traxxas revo nitro 2.5?
yes I need help, is this fit traxxas summit?? do I need to do modificatons??
is it water poof and 4wd
What wheelbase rigs does this fit? I'm assuming 11.4-ish inch wheelbase (like Axial's DIngo kit)?
would this fit Traxxas Rustler body ?
What kind of paint should I use with this?
Could I mount this on my Exceed Maxstone?
does this have remote?
does it run
is it remote control
is it remote control
does it have shoks
is it a ready to run
will it fit on the scx10 deadbolt?
Is it remote control
I have the SCX10 with the 12" WB, the proline website says this is 11.8". Close enough or will I have to shorten my WB?
did this body made from hard plastic ?
will this fit a stampede
will this fit the axail ax10 ridgecrest??
dose it come with a motor
does the unit come with a hand held radio controller
is the bumper part of the body?
Are the stickers good for 2year olds?
How big are the stickers, and, do they actually look like they appear on the computer screen?
This product comes with 4 sheets but does each sheet have the same exact stickers/animals?
Hi, are these stickers reusable? What surfaces they can be put on?
This product includes four sheets. Do all sheets contain the same stickers (duplicates)?
Hi - I was wondering what the general size is on each individal sticker. I'm looking for stickers that are 1"x1"
Is this good for a 6-7 year old girl who loves fairies generally? Do you think she &amp; her friends have already "graduated" from Tinker Bell?
How is this packaged?
What size is this doll? 21 1/2''?
Can a toddler pull this suitcase along? Without anyone sitting on it? Thanks
Does it come with a key to lock the snaps/closing features on the side?
Does it comes with the saddlebag?
Can a young children open this themselves?
Talking in size 4 to 6 clothes, how many outfits will fit in here? Enough for a weeks vacation?
Does this fit under the seat or does it have to go in the overhead?
Will this product be good for very tall 5 yr. olds?
Age
What are the measurements of it?
Does it fits under the plane seat?
what age are trunkis suitable for? is 18mnths too young?
Does it have some seat-belt sort of belt to make sure the child is secure on it while riding?
Would the trunki work for a two year old?
Have the latches been updated on all Trunki models or is it only the tie-dye ones? Almost all negative reviews are about the latch.
how long is the warlock axe
Why is it $50???
is it siutible for detroying my dads army? He's fighting with power tools
Is it hard to break
how long is it?
Why is this 460 dollars
can you take off the stand?
Can kids handle it
how do I fix the gear that moves the chain,it dosn't move
do you like the gun?
Does it brake easily?
how many bullets does it hold?
How far does in shoot
Will the clip from the nerf n strike elite rapidstrike cs 18 fit
Dose any one know if the laser will fit on the nerf n-strike elite rapidstrike cs-18
Do you send to Malaysia
My son was wondering if the clips that hold 18 darts will fit in this gun
Can anyone tell me if this will work on the nitro pro slayer 4 x 4?
Will this work with the Summit 1/16 VXL?
Would this fit a Traxxas slash 4x4 vxl?
Does this work with the slash 2wd?
Dos it work with Stampede 2Wd?
can this work on my vxl rustler
Is this the upgrade for the e-maxx 3906 with the twin titan 550 motors
Is this truck big enough for my soon to be 6 yr. old who is just over 4 ft. tall? He want this truck but I;mnot sure how long he will fit in it.
how fast does it run
Where can I get extra Ford stickers?
Does anyone know the weight limit for this truck? I can't find it anywhere in the description. Thanks!
How long does the battery last?
Do the doors open and close
Does this have seat belts?
Can anyone tell me where the steering column is hiding in the packaging? I'm trying to assemble for Christmas and.... arrrgh, I can't find it!
Is there a real FM radio in this truck?
Do the doors open &amp; close? Trying to decide between the F150 &amp; the Jeep Hurricane.
When is gonna be a restock of this game?
Why is this game over $100?
Is the 2nd edition identical to the 1st edition but a different box? Or are the stories and room tiles different at all?
What's the most scary thing in this game? I'm thinking of getting it for kids who are intelligent enough, but could be scared if it's too intense...
Why does this cost $200? It was about $50 when I last looked...
Is this "2nd Edition" an expansion or an updated version? Do I need the first in order to play, or can I just buy the 2nd edition?
can this game be played with 2?
Is there a way to purchase extra dice?
Are the miniatures painted??
How has this game gone up $20 in the last two months?
how does it talk?
Does the head move?
what songs does he sings?
Does head and mouth move?
Do you include the AC adaptor plug?
Is it motion activated? Or just by button?
does it come in the original box?
If I am doing a 2 hour event, how many gallons would I need?
When I unpacked it there is an electrical winding just sliding around in the bottom. Is that how yours is?
where do i put the bubble solution, why am i not finding the reservoir
where do i put the liquid
Can you adjust the amount of bubbles to only output a small amount?
Can you make your own bubble solution with dish washing soap?
Can I use homemade bubble solution?
what kind of bubbles to use?
how long does it work before you have to add in more bubble solution
Does it have batteries or it HAS to be pluged in
can non-motorized erector toys become motorized with motor?
can a motor be added to sets that do not come with one?
Is there a bag or case included to store the 190+ pcs? Or do they just try to keep them in the box?
How big is the model when built ? if its a plane, how long is it ?
Would this be good for a 13 year old?
Do they have male models and stencils for male clothing?
What are the colored swatches shown in the picture? I don't see anything in the description about it.
Does this work hand in hand with the Project Runway Light Lapdesk Super Set? I am debating about getting one or the other or both, if can go together
How big is this sketchpad (what are the dimensions)?
How many stencil sheets come with this book? The description and pictures are misleading, one says five and another says seven.
could an 6 year old girl draw in it and could you do free hand?
Is this portfolio worth your money and is it like the bet thing you could have brought?
Does this kit come with the stencil to draw the models or do you have to draw the legs, arms, body, etc. free handed?
are pencils included?
The horn works but truck will not move. What could be the problem? The fuse is fine. This was only rode for less than 3 hrs now it won't work at all!
can we purchase a replacement battery for this toy truck?
CAN I GET REPLACMENT PARTS FOR THIS TRUCK
How big are the individual cupcakes? Using them as 'pretend' cupcakes, would they 'fit' better in an American Girl dolls hand or in a Barbies hand?
Where are they made?
Do people youse the lip gloos
Are they small enough to be a choking hazard?
Are these individually sealed??
What color and scent are the lip glosses?
How many different types of 12pieces? How many items available in stock?
Everyone says they are tiny, but no one give actual dimensions: hight, width.?
where are these made?
Is this toy made in China?
what age group is it for?
whatis the size
What is a beyblade
does it come with a ripper
? does the mouth open?
does it come ready for play
Could this meteo ldrago beyblade beat phantom Orion
Is this beyblade the same one as the Hasbro company?
What is the difference between Model BB377368 (4 oz.) and ITEM TAK-BY377368-C (3 lb.): l-drago LW105LF/BB88??
Can you ship to puerto rico...
NJ Can it change modes
It this beyblade's energy ring made of rubber
What kind of launcher does this set use? We are new to Bey blades and I ordered this for my nine year old and it did not come with a launcher??? Any
are the beyblades small or big?
how many beyblade they give to you
does this set come with the launchers and rippers? any of them left ripper?
Are the fusion wheels on the beys metal or plastic?
Is the tip for Aquario supposed to be a little bit loose?
Does it come with the cars?
This might be the best toy around for my son. We lost one of the track pieces. Does anyone have a model they want to sell for parts?
Do the people come with it?
does Matchbox cars fit this
Is Takara tomy tomica cars fits for this tomika parking building?
how soon would i receive this in alabama ? I need it befor July 29th .. Thank you
Does this work with Hot Wheels brand cars?
does this fit disney cars?
Is this a genuine Tomika or analog?
is generala a dice game ?
is blue tin better the plastic tub
Does it come with chips
Does the game come with a dice cup?
How big are the dice?
If you are playing with a large group, can you combine multiple sets of dice?
What color are the L R C ? on the dice
Does the hat on the pet come of?
is it small
Do the colors vary
Do you know how long it will be on sale?
Does she have any marks on the pets face?
is this a dueling lightsaber?
Can the base be mounted on a wall or do I have to get another one separately?
I live in the UK, but I will be in New York on 9th October for a couple of days. Will you be able to ship the item to my hotel in NY before 9 Oct?
What is the length of the detached blade?
Does any of these FX lightsabres have an ac adapter? looking to mount on wall and be able to operate with a switch.
Is this lightsaber as sturdy as the lightsaber without a removeable blade?
Price changes: Is there any reason that the price on this item changes on a daily basis?
Anybody else have problems with extremely loose joints in this figure?
How do you transform this thing? Anyone able to help?
how big is this figure? (size) - my son seems to think it's bigger than it looks.
Does this figure have that peg where you attach the abdomen area to his chest area, and does it fall off easily?
Can you duel a Friend with These??
Can these be good for reenactment or are they just for display?
Is the hilt metal, plastic, or a combination of materials?
where is the battery compartment!!!
I am 15 and am a HUGE Star Wars Fan. I want this more as a collectors item, but would like something for light dueling. Is this a good item for that?
how many is there?
How many plates are in a pkg?
How many plates are in a package?
Anyone have any idea why the minimum age is 18 months? I would like to get this for my 9 month old daughter. Thanks.
Is the push handle long enough for adults who are tall?
Would a 3 year old that is 35" fit?
Are these plastic wheels really "Quiet-ride tires" ?
Hello, I want to buy a car for my little child, but I want to know what material are the wheels?? I appreciate your help,. the front wheels turn?
Are the dimensions really 10 inch x 8 in? is it too big for the dashboard?
Still unsure about the size of the flower. Do you mean centimeters ? bcus inches is way too big. Even at four inches ive seen some about 2 inches tall
where exactly are these shipped from??? I have been waiting on this order for a month
Do these need sunlight to work or does light from light bulbs work?
can you attach this to the dashboard of the car?
how do i remove the double sided tape ?
can I remove the flower? I just want the leaves
Is the stem removable so that you can you turn the flower around so that the solar panel is in the back towards the window?
What do you use for "brains" So, I'm wondering, what do YOU use for brains when you play?
Can this game be played w/ just 2 players?
How many of each choice is available on the dice? How many Brains, Shotguns, &amp; runs are available on each of the colors?
Have you played with color blind players? If so, how difficult was it for them to play? Were the red and green dice too difficult to distinguish?
What size diameter is the hose? I ordered one from Intex direct and it is too small and will not fit!
What is the actual length of hose
what diamitor is hose
Will Nano V2 bugs work with this set?
Is a bug included in the set?
How many hex bugs does this contain? I am not a fan of bugs, but for some reason, my daughter wanted this so badly.
Can you build on with other Nano sets?
My two year old is very large. She was 36in tall and 33lbs two months ago. Would she be too big for this? She wears 3T/4T clothes if that helps...
Is the 6 volt charger included
my 3 yr old g/daughter is very small for her age , wondering if this toy is too small for her for very long?
Can I buy a new set of stickers for this very awesome toy?
Does this work well in the grass? We have no driveway for her to ride it on.
Is the battery included
Does this power wheels ride well on hard wood floors?
Where is this Power Wheels made?
Is this for 3 to 7 year olds
Does this require any assembly?
I'm assuming this is a water based paint, yes?
i don't understand why this says gluten free if the ingredients include wheat paste?
Wheat paste? Isn't it wheat derived?
do you mean you get different pokemon than in the picture
I want a grovyle and a Latias but both cost a a vary high price. When I get it, can I get both in the same thing?
Should these be bought?
how big are they?
could i request some pokemon
Is each pack of 24 the same pokemon characters?
Which generation of Pokemon are in the assortment?
are these licensed or counterfeit?
How are these packaged?
What ages are for 7
I have a large heavy aluminum gutter around the pool dripping all the time. Might this work on that? Thanks!
can it be painted?
Will this work on a vinyl liner? Thanks
will this work on a filter that is leaking?
Can it do a 14" long section around rebar located above the waterline (above the skimmer box)?
Is this product suitable for chips in plaster around relief devices and bottom suction on inground pools?
Can this be used to fix minor cracks in spas? Can it handle heat above 120 degrees?
can this product be used in a skimmer box that has a small crack (PVC)
Hi good day, this product is for use on above ground pools intex ... thanks
Can I use this on a playset that is not Gorilla?
Does the hardware include a pair of glider brackets?
Does this come with rope or chain for hanging?
how much horizontal space do you need for swinging?
Will this work with metal swing set and does it or does it not include the rope/chain with it??? some say yea and some say nay...
how lond riding time on battery
recommended age
Is the packaging exactly 50lbs? I want to purchase for my nephew and take it with me over sees. That means it'll count as a one luggage.
Do all 4 wheels pull? We want to get one but worried about loose dirt/sand. He has one little vehicle that only one rear wheel pulls so it just sinks
are the tires plastic? How do they hold up on terrains?
when the shipment is ready (in box) dimensions are 43.8 x 27.8 x 29.5 inches ?????
Can a small 2 1/2 year old use this - reach the pedals?
My six year old son is rather tall. Would this battery operated vehicle be appropriate for him?
How does this kids atv work on hills? I have some hills on my property and want to make it will get around ok.
can more then one ride it at a time...say a 6 year old and a 2.5 year old on the seat holding on
what is the max weight limit?
Is this too big for a 3 year old girl?
is there a minimum weight on this four wheeler?
My daughter is 4 years old. I want to know if this one is big enough for her. I had a problem with another one I bought...was too small....
Can you ride on grass?
Wondering if anybody knows which childrens atv has the smallest turning radius? Power Wheels, Peg Perego Polaris o the Yamaha 700r?
Granddaughter is 6 years old and 45 inches tall, would she have enough leg room for a year or two?
How long does it take to charge and for how long you can ride once its fully charged ?
Is assembly required?
WOuld this be appropriate for a 6 yr old, 52" tall, 55 lbs?
Does the steering wheel turn the front wheels?
It looks like the wheels are made of plastic from the photos. Do the wheels work on hardwood floors?
Has anyone figured out how to fix the ball popper?
do the balls comes with the toy?
Can you turn ball popping off
are tag junior and leapreader junior interchangable?
Where can I find just the usb cable for the tag pen?
With all the excitement and half the family having the flu all packging was tossed and discovered this didn't work at all for my grand daughter.
Is there a difference in the function of the green pen versus the purple pen? I am wondering why there is such a huge price difference.
Does this item come with the USB cable and software??
can leap reader system work with tangled book it says tag reader
what is difference between purple and green?
What do you need to buy in order to get started?
Does anyone know the amount of storage space on these pens? Are you able to use your own Micro SD card?
does the pen need batteries
i need a new usb charger cord where can i find one?
i have this pen but i made some order on some tag books from amazon and recieved them now ,, i dont know why its not reading them can somebody help me
Does this pen work with the tag jr books too?
Do the pens have different memory capabilities? I saw one pen say (32MB), on average how many books will that hold?
Anyone else have issues with the power button? Mine won't turn on and stay on (button stuck, I think). Had it for about a year.
Can you use the tag on leapreader books?
Is a 3 yr old too young for this?
Where do I buy the USB cable for the Leapfrog reader green pen. Thx
If you buy this used - can you still use the same books as the previous owner had or would you not be able to use on your computer?
How many are there? 800 as the "product description" says or 250 as the product names says?
did anyone that purchased these crayons recieve all 8 colors??
How long is each crayon?
are these washable?
Can you tell me what country these are made in?
I am using these to melt down for party favors. Was it easy to peel the paper off? And do you have melting recommendations?
I want to use them for melting on canvas. Do you think they will work okay?
What colors do they come in?
does this item come boxed
what does it measure?
is this a alreadly put together metal body model or is this a put together kit?
what are dimensions
Is it plastic or metal?
The description says it has pullback action. Does this mechanism keep children from "driving" it around going forward? i.e. hotwheels/matchbox cars?
Do the side doors open? And is there a rear door that opens?
Where is it made?
Does it have 2 sliding doors?
what scale is this usps mail truck
Size?
how long is this truck?
would it be okay for a 12 year old that is about 95 lbs.?
does it work?
is the bar metel
Are the bars metel
Can this bar go in your room
What could I use to hold the bottom frame down?
whats the weight limit?
Is this leather?
is it made of leather? whatis it made of?
what is the size of this glove, can it fit 8 year old? Thx
is there one available for a left handed thrower
I have an 8 year old who wants a remote controlled car. Is this one a good one to start with? for fun in the backyard?
If you buy 2 of these can you race against each other or is there interference ?
Does this truck operate on 2.4ghz?
Is it fast
I need to purchase a number of rc vehicles that will "race" against each other. Can you please clarify what the 2.4 ghz thing means?
will it break if your not driving them into things
is there any way to put metal gears in it if not how long do the gears last
do they last
can it go in dirt and does i have power to get up small hills
What type of battery does it take?
where does it ship from?
I am trying to purchase things in advance for my daughters 201?6 wedding, is this something that I can purchase in advance
Are they hot pink? Or dull pink?
how many packets and size of packets? i need to know how many to order.
How much or how many come with this order?
How much does one packet fill up once expanded? Half gallon, gallon, etc? Or even how much does one order create (6 pckts) once expanded?
Does this bike have petals
what is the distance between the seat and the floor?
Seeing so many people feel the bike was too big for a two year old. Is it possible to lower the seat even more IF you are able to add another hole?
are the bearings sealed or unsealed?
My daughter is 45 inches tall is she too tall for this bike
what is the shipping dimensions?
what is the diameter of the tires?
What are we pinning, the pumpkin...? Does it bring the items to pin with?
What is the measurement of this item?? width x height??
WHAT TYPE OF GAME IS IT?
Does it come with the action base?
is the 'avelanche' part removable? like could i take the exia out and pose him separately?
So building regular exia is possible in this kit?
Is this a snap-on pieces model, or does it require glue?
is he a action figure
What is the actual counter height for this kitchen?
Do the Melissa &amp; Doug trays that come with some of the food sets (like the wooden cookie set) fit in the stove?
Can you put water in the sink
Has anyone given it to a 1 year old? Is there anything they can injure themselves with? If so what? Can it be safely removed or modified?
Would this kitchen stand up to rough play? I have a 17-month-old boy that likes the plastic kitchen at daycare, but I don't want plastic at home.
Would this be a good gift for a 3 year old? She loves play kitchens, but don't know how quickly she'll outgrow this set.
Is this kitchen rounded? or does it fit flat against the wall?
please tell me the size of box in which it ships? and if you can unbox it and wrap soft material not to be damaged
Anyone have trouble with this tipping over?
Could you use this kitchen in an outdoor playhouse?
We are US, at a US address but currently in Germany. Are the RC frequencies at which this product operates permitted for RC toys in Germany?
How many machines can be made (and saved) at once? Can two children each make a machine or two with this kit without taking apart each others things?
Does the box set come with batteries supplied?
Is it possible to purchase additional motors?
are the parts compatible (ie, sized to be able to snap-together) with Legos?
Has anyone tried to use their Smart Car Robotics iPhone app with this product? I'd love to use the programming features of that app with this product
how large are these machines
What tools are required?
is this too young for a 14 year old?
will this run on carpet
Are the jumbo face cards the standard size so they will fit in a card shuffler?
your add said 18.50 went to order price was 25.80
are there six red and six blue decks?
Are Jumbo Faces and Jumbo Index the same?
Does a red deck and a blue deck come together or do they need to be bought separately
How can I order 2 red decks only?
Is this listing for 2 decks of cards (1 red and 1 blue) for $7.89?
Standard size or jumbo index?
bridge size?
Do these come with 2 jokers per deck?
this price of $3.99 , how many deck does it come with?
How much weight can the fun cub carry safely.
Length and number of servo extensions
Can I buy motor and speed controller only
Does the fun cub kit have the motor mounts in it?
Hi, does this model support the weight of a GoPro camera mounted on it?
anyone know if a spectrum dx6 transmitter will work with this plane?
is this plane RTF ?
how big is it
replacement parts availability?
Does the kit have the motor mounts in it ?
can you just use the microphone without music
what are the 15 songs it has?
what kind of batteries does it take?
Can I record child's voice and play back?
This karaoke comes to use in two languages: English and Spanish?
Does it have a volume control?
can you plug this into a computer or mp3 player so they can sing to other songs as well?
Does it need to be sanded before or after assembly?
would this furniture fit a 1/144 scale house?
What is the best kind of glue to use with this?
What dollhouse scale would this set be?
what scale is it?
I'm assembling the greenleaf fairfield dollhouse It's 1/2 scale. Would this furniture fit this house?
Will this furniture set fit for 4" dolls?
Will it fit Polly Pockets?
Will this work with the Fisher-Price Loving Family Mansion?
do all the doors and drawers open and close?
Grandaughter is 6 today, just started kindergarten. Is she too old to enjoy? She loves Little Pony toys. Thankyou
Is there somewhere where I can purchase just the books? We received the pony used and it doesn't have the stories with it.
Does this require batteries?
Does Pinkie Pie sing the Friendship is Magic theme song?
Are the toppers strong enough surviving from being chewed heavily? My child chews &amp; bites a lot. All sensory toppers are torn apart in a day. Thanks.
Are they open or sealed at the top? (Concerned with drool accumulating in open area)
Do these toppers fit the larger pencils (Ticonderoga) used in Kindergarten?
do they contain BPA, PVC and Phthalates, Cadmium and/or Lead?
How many do you get for the $7.19?
Is this latex free?
Do any teachers use these in the classroom? How do you deal with the germs and cleaning?
Can you purchase additional small decanters?
Can I order this engraved or is it something I have to do when I receive it?
Personalization: Is Free personalization included with this $38.11 price on the decanter set?
Can you personalize the main bottle with names and the wedding date?
I wanted these for a costume, what is it made of? plastic?
What kind of batteries do these use?
If I order 4 of these, will they be shipped together or do I have to pay that high price for each one?
Could you use a real grenade pin and spoon?
I want to use these as balloon weights for an army party, (and the we'll use them as toys after) Would they be heavy enough for a simple 4 balloon bouquet?
how many come with each order, 4?
how many come with each order, 4?
are the batteries included in the grenades?
does the spoon fling off
how big are they?
Does it include any of the trains?
So there are 4 different Chuggington track sets(Stack Track/Die-Cast/Interactive/Wooden) that are only compatible with add on sets of the same type?
can this be used alone or do you have to have existing set - and this is only meant as an "add-on" as it says?
Is this for the wood trains or die cast?
it is professional o amateur that tennis table ?
is the paddle different colored on each side?
which butterfly table tennis racket is the best
How much does this weigh??
the milimeter of sponge what is ? 2 mm 2,2 mm ?
What is the inner diameter of the hole, and the thickness of the ring? I have to buy spring loaded connectors and want to get the right size...
are these rated 350lbs for one or 350lbs total for two of them?
Typically porch swing EYEBOLTS are attached 2-4" outside of the chain (ie if chains are 44" apart, eyebolts 48" apart) True for this style hanger too?
Of what cast metal are these made? Where were they made? Thank you
Would these hangers work for a Rainbow Play Set?
Do they squeak?
How far apart are the mounting holes (center to center)?
i just bought this &amp; I plan to hang a tire swing (connected by 2 chains-unsure if this is relevant) in my loft w/ wood beams. What hardware do I buy?!
Can these be used to drill INTO a beam without going all the way THROUGH a beam?
Do you still have the code and is it not yet activated/adopted in Webkinz/Ganz world? My son really likes this toy and wants the code with it.
how many inches is the Zumbuddies Series Zorth?
how many inches is the Zumbuddies Series 3 Zorth?
Can the configuration on this set be reversed in a mirror configuration, i.e. slide and clubhouse on right facing forward?
How high is the swing bar? Most are 6, 7, 8 or as high as 10'. I want to get something at will accommodate/interest my boys beyond ages 6-8...
How difficult would this playset be to move after it has already been built?
Is the rock wall solid or is it flimsy?
I own this set, and we need to anchor one of the legs, which moves when one is swinging. Can anyone recommend an anchor that will work with this set?
What are the weight limits on the swings, slide, and lookout? Can I actively play with my son on this play set?
When this is delivered, is it in one big box? Does the truck driver unload it?
I have read in some older reviews that the swing rubber gets sticky. Is this still the case? Is there a Solition?
What is the length of the slide?
how tall is this play set
How large a bounce house does this blower support?
What is the exhaust diameter?
I need a quite blower is this really quite?
It will work with Blast Zone Magic Castle Ultra 12? 14" x 12" x 9" footprint, 12" x 12" O.D. Platform Thanks for the help...
what is the replacement blower used for .
picture shows 3.8 amp... listed as 5.5 amp. which is it?
Brakes
What is the shortest height recommended for this big wheel? i see a lot of controversy in the comments surrounding this issue.
what is the age range of children for this toy?
can you ride this on grass?
Are the rear wheels hard plastic or rubberized like the front wheel.
what is the weight resistance and up to what age for these ?
Up to what age can this be used?
My child is a tall 6 year old 48 inches. Will this be too small.
Will this work with the ATW radio flyer wagon?
How does this not drag on the ground?
One reviewer describes this as a "back pack" but it is hard to tell from the image. Can it be easily removed and carried around like a bag?
Does this bag easily go on and off the wagon? Wondering if it is something that we can easily add to the wagon when we need it, and then easily take it off when we don't.
Does this fit a step 2 wagon?
Will this fit the All Terrain Wood and Steel Wagon?
This is a subjective question, but . . . What shade of blue is this chart? Navy, royal, baby blue, sky blue? Hard to tell from photo. Thanks!
What size are the cards?
Would this fit other pocket card words and letters? I want be able to use it for reading and spelling words.
Do the Blank Cards have a clock face in the middle as well? And If I wanted to reproduce them would they easily fit in my home copier?
What color is this chart? I need it to be royal blue! It doesn't look like a bright royal in the photo?
last question. What length equals 1/32?
how many pieces are in the bag?
how tall are the figures?
are cowboys included?
Big enough for 2 1-year olds? Is it easy for them to escape? How is it put up/taken down?
does it good for 8 month old baby for crawling on the beach? thank you
Does it come with a carrying bag?
is there any way to stake it down???
Does this fold?
uv protection?
Can frequencies be changed? I have twin boys who would be using these together and would get frustrated if ended up controlling each other's truck
I am trying to purchase two of these RC trucks, is there a way for me to make sure that I can get two different colors?
how well does this travel on carpet?
i want to order up to qty 3 but want different colors. Is this possible?
What size are the motors? A voltage would be great (a model number would be even better if possible!).
How fast does this RC car actually go and what is the range feet wise?
Does this do good in snow and can it push snow?
would like the green color
How fast is it? Would it be able to catch air on a decent jump?
colors
Does this station work with the Thomas wooden railway tracks and trains?
Does this station work with Brio wooden trains and track?
Does a train go through it? Or there is a bumper at the end?
Can Chuggington wood trains go through?
Does it come with a case to hold it?
does it work on ag dolls as good as the ag doll version?
How long is the head of this brush and how long is the entire brush?
Would this be a the right brush to use for a Gotz doll? (rooted hair)
Will this doll hairbrush work on curly doll hair? (Like AG Caroline?) I'm looking for something that will detangle but not straighten- Thanks!
can you use this brush for regular synthetic hair wigs?
can saige use it
Can Saige 2013 Use It On Her Hair?
What is the size of this brush....I hope its not the same as the one with the glasses...I'm returning that...the bristles were all bent....
Does it have wire bristles
what is the mattress dimensions?
What size mattress fits in the bedding?
I'm wandering if this would fit into a doll cradle kids kraft cradle?
does it come with everything
According to the details, the mattress is biggger than the comforter. Is this correct?
is this easy for to wash it ?. good fabric ?. can you tell me the size of it exactly ?. please. thanks.i need to know the size .
how high is this product?
How tall is it?
what is the difference betwen bandai tamashii and soul of chogokin ? are they the same or different fabricant of the toys?
any chance to ship to UAE or Phillipnes
Is this the first release from a couple of years back, or the most recent renewal version?
Is this track electric or Batt. operated ? I am looking for an electric powered set.
Does it have the new digital lap counter?
How many feet of track?
Is this HO scale? Like 1/64?
Is the scale 1:64??
can this set be made into a 4 lane track
how fast is it?
how many feet of track does it have?
Nerd alert! I'm a little on the competitive side, so how about inside track advantage? is it negated correctly by the cross overs?
Are the cars magnet track, or do they fly off the track easily?
Can this charger charge lipo batteries ?
can u charge a 2s lipo with this charger
how long would it take to charge a 7.2v 5000 mah tenergy rc battery and could I charge a lipo battery with it?
How long does a full charge last?
Will a led light tell me that it is charging?
I have a big problem. I bought THis charger to charge 2/3A 1000mah 9.6V packs. Q&amp;A says I can, instuctions say don't charge 1000mah pack? Can I or can't I if not can I send charger back and how.
Will this charge Ridemakerz brand cars?
What does the 1.0A and 2.0A mean (and do)?
The battery pack I have has a 4 prong connector. I am looking for a charger for this unit. It is a NiCad battery for an RC car.
can you use this charger on a 9.6v/600MAHNI-CD RC vehicle battery&gt;
What are the measurements of this item? I am looking for something about 18+ inches tall and this is listed as 'large'?
Is there a switch to cut off and on or does it have to be unplugged to turn off?
I would like to know if it is possible to get it to stop blinking, either by modification or replacement of the bulbs.
Can this sit on a bed side table?
How does it mount to the wall? How long is the electrical cord?
How big is it?
Can you light only one color at a time?
Control the lights? Can you control which lights are lit up or does the light just randomly blink?
What is the body made of?
Is she real
Can it wear American Girl clothes?
How do you get the boots off?
What color is her hair? Thank you.
Anyone try to remove the boots? Purchased extra shoes; can not remove boots. :(
The picture makes the hair look slightly red; is it that way in person?
How much is it?
Can it sit
How loose is the dolls neck supposed to be?
what kind of battery should i use
Is it in Japanese or is there a way to change the language to english?
can digixross any digimon i want
does this item have every thing
what does it do
can you get wormmon?
Does it actually travel through time and space?
Is it possible to fix the chameleon circuit on this TARDIS?
How tall is it? I'm hoping to use it as a topper for my son's Birthday cake.
does it really fly
What exactly does it do?
What is the UPC code on this product?
I can't believe this hasn't been asked yet, is it bigger on the inside?
Can you fit a companion along with the Doctor In this Tardis?
Got mine last Sunday, and put new Energoser batteries in, but all I am gertiing is a single sound-type.Any one else with this problem, or how do I fix
does the light on top light up and is it 9 inched in height
How many toddlers can be in it at the same time?
What is the height from the floor to the top of the "base"- floor part the child stands on to bounce.
Will this realistically work with a short basement ceiling (like 7 feet)?
How long is the power cord?
Does it fall over easy if it isnt anchored to the ground? What do you use to anchor it indoors if it needs to be anchored?
Would this be too small for my 5 year old to enjoy? I want to use it in my living room for hot AZ summers, so I can't go much bigger than this.
Would this be too small for a 5 year old to enjoy?
How long can i expect thisto last with daily use? Currently 3 kids (4.5 and younger) that would use it.
Does the "exit" by the slide also have a mesh closing that can be velcroed shut
what are the dimensions on this and how many kids could go in it
Is the Green Top Shade removable?
How big of a tarp should you put under the bounce house?
Does the shade cover prevent any taller kids from jumping at their highest because of them hitting their head?
What are the dimensions of the Bouncer?
Can you use this inside?
Does the smaller hole ( that you tie off- not the motor hole) supposed to leak a little air or totally be tied off air tight? Thank you
I need more shipping details. What are the dimensions of the package?
Is there a door or mesh to prevent kids from falling down/out slide?
mesh doors
I am thinking of buying this, but I'm wondering if the air pump is loud and needs to stay on while the kids are jumping in it?
Does this Little Tikes Jump n Slide Bouncer have a rear opening? Or do the kids enter/exit through the slide area only?
Is the blower too loud to use indoors? Since we are looking at using it in a gym, it cannot be anchored. Would this be a stability prob?
I m interested in purchasing this for our grandson who will be turning one. Is it suitable for a year old child?
When purchasing this item direct from Amazon.com, does it come with balls? If so how many or is that a additional purchase?
can you put it out in winter months
Can you use it indoors?
Has anyone used in a garage or basement in winter?
Does the bouncer fan works with 220 volts, 50Hz? Do you sell separate fans for this voltage?
How long is the slide on this bouncer?
How well does the slide "slide" ? Do the kids slide down easily or do they get stuck and have to push themselves down?
what is the dimension when unassembled? or size of box?
what is the dimension of this after assembly?
Does this come with a pump? If not, what do I need to get?
Can it be placed outdoors?
Is this ready for play after being pumped up? Is there any assembly required?
is a 6 year old to big for this
my little girl have 7 years old that bonce can support her
does this come with a pump?
What is the temperatures in which the bounce n slide can b set up
what is the size of little tikes bounce house trampoline
Are the "ground anchors" it comes with sufficient or does the set require extra stabilization?
How high off the ground is the support bar for the seesaw?
is it easy to assemble?
Are these packaged together?
Why not just use your hands? Woudn't that work better &amp; save money? My dh loves head massages but.... is it really necessary to buy this??
Are the balls on the end plastic coated?
What is their length from top to bottom?
DO THESE STIMULATE HAIR GROWTH?
Does this house ONLY come with the Mom, Dad, and Baby - No kitchen, toilet, or table with 2 chairs?
Does this house make any sounds? I know some houses by Fisher Price have 'ringing phone' and such.
Can 2 toddlers play together or is this too small for them?
Do the mom and dad stand on their own, can you bend their legs to sit?
Why do the baby's room and grandmother packages cost so much more than other add ons?
What is the exact dimension of packaging/box? And its exact shipping weight?
What is the difference between standard and frustration free packaging? Does dollhouse have to be assembled?
Do the Fisher-Price Little People fit in the chairs and on toilet, etc.?
what other furniture sets do you recommend buying with this?
What age group is it geared for?
Are the bottoms of the pot and pan designed to make contact with the step 2 kitchen to activate the "boiling water" sound and the "frying pan" sound?
Do the salt and pepper shakers make real noises as if they are real??
Can someone tell me the diameter of the plates in this set?
Is this set BPA free?
what kind of battery, where does the battery go in, does this set have a tea pot
will sounds work with other brand name kitchens
my granddaughter is 6 years would this be to small for her??
I would also like to know the counter height please. Thanks!
which features make noise?
Does the microwave and telephone have actual buttons or just a sticker?
Are the counters blue as pictured or red?
Do the microwave door, and oven door and refridgerator doors open
how many shelves does the fridge have?
I want to buy this kitchen for my niece who is almost eight years old, and i would like to know if this kitchen is appropiate for her?
Can't tell in pic where light is and where you turn on and off??
good afternoon, I just want to know box Dimensions? and if this product its all ready armed or not? and thank you, I want this for my daughter
is this 20 piecses a easy bake oven?
can you really bake in them?
Are these safe to actually bake with? My son wants to be a baker when he grows up &amp; this is something he would love for his upcoming birthday.
Is everything actually wooden or stainless steel like the product states? Because from the pictures the measuring spoons and cup look like plastic.
How does this do in high winds?
What is the width and length of just the Clubhouse, not including the slide? Thank you.
Does the set need to be anchored in the ground?
How much weight can the glider hold?
How big of a playground do I need to build to fit the play set?
Is it possible to attach the glider hold directly to the playhouse to have only 1 swing? If so what would the dimensions be then?
What is the dimension of the shipping box? Not sure if the dimensions quoted above are the assembled ones
What is the height from floor to ceiling of the bottom and top playhouse areas?
How tall is the tallest point on this set?
Could you send me the shipping box dimensions? Thank you!
Can you tell me how big the finished product is?
what is the height of the finished product
Is it plastic?
Can you tell me how big the finished product is?
Do all of teh Zing arrows whistle?
What will the refills fit?
How many arrows in refill kit
will these work with Zing Air Z-Curve Bow?
do these light up or glow in the dark?
Do these work with the Z-Teck?
Do these work on the crossbow as well?
Do these work with the Air Huntress (pink and purple) bow and arrow? I can't find refills for that one!!
Do these work on the Zombie Slayer Z Curve bow?
Will these work with Zing Air Storm Z Tek bow ??
How do you convert from a single D to triple C engines?
I want to get a rocket as a gift for someone who has been shooting these into the air for many years. Which would you recommend?
where to fly in pa (port angeles)
how high does it fly?
Does this bring the money printer?
does the kit come with the pen through dollar and the money printer?
Does the kit include a thumb tip?
Is this set too young for an 11 year old?
Whats the difference between the Ultimate and the platinum ?
Does it include the Criss Angel private website loyal member card and code?
does it really teach u to levitate
Is this worth the money?
does it really teach u to levitate
My Nephew is almost 7 years old, do you think this would be too hard for him to learn from?
Does it include pucks/paddles?
Would you buy this table all over again?
Does this have Crowd Sounds (ie Cheers)
Hey! Could you please tell me the shipping dimensions of this soccer table? The dimensions of the box that it is packed into when shipped? Thanks!
Does the scoring come off to add a table tennis board?
Does it include packs and paddles?
How big is hockey table
Can the scoring display be removed temporarily to place a ping pong table on top of the unit?
Puck size, are they 3-1/4" or 2-1/2"? I originally asked a general question as to puck size, but I'm looking for a more specific answer rather that just standard / normal size. There are two typical puck sizes used in air hockey, and I'm looking to...
What is the size of the pucks?
is there a harute final battle mode (it has gn drives in its feet looking one)
Does this need glue?
what grade is this model? is it HG or lower Grade?
Is high grade the easiest? Are they easy to build for first timers like me? which gundam model is simple?
does it come with a stand?
is the sound a regular whistle or a tweeting sound of a bird?
Does the label say LEAD FREE?
Are the birds flat on the bottom? If so, do they stand up steadily, or, do they topple easily?
What is the size of the whistles?
do they take water to chirp?
does paint have lead in it
Do you need to purchase an additional amplifer, or does the sound come out of the sound module?
Can this drum set be expanded? Can I buy more cymbals or toms?
Could a five year old play it? (in terms of size)
Does this come with all the necessary cords to play as soon as it's set up or do I need to buy them seperately?
can i rearrange the set for a lefthanded person?
I lost my power adapter for my set. What is the DC output and polarity for that adapter?
How large is the drum set set up?
How big is the box is it shipped in? My son may have to travel with it on the train
There is a bass kick pedal but do you have to purchase an additioanl base drum pad to use the pedal?
Does it come with symbols
Yes what type of batterys this vault take?
size
have you done anything to resolve the door sticking??
is there other colors
what is he safe made of
what kind of batteries does this take
what is the interior size
how does the alarm sound?
Would this work for a girl since her brother it getting one?
what is the code
can it drift?
what frequency?
What is it made of?
How big is it. Also how fast?
what are the dimensions of the car?
whats its range?
Is this for 12 month baby?
Does this roll on carpet?
Is this good for 3 year old
What is the height of cart from handle to floor?
I am looking for a wagon to pull my dog around on longer walks, Just had a leg amputated due to cancer.. he is about 30 lbs. Think this could work?
The item description states Made in the USA, but the origin is stated as China. Which one is it?
Can it hold 120 lbs????
Do the wheels turn?
Do you think this wagon will roll nicely over sand? We are looking for a wagon to pull our 8 month old down the aisle at our beach wedding...
how big it?
How long is the handle?
I am looking for something to bring in packs of water after a grocery run. Aside from the short handle, do you think this would work well?
Has anyone had luck reattaching wheels? After a year of use from 2 kids one of the wheels keeps falling off and we can't get it to stay attached.
Could a new walker--one year's old pull the wagon? Want to get it as a gift for my nephew who is turning one and is a very busy walker.
is there a medical bag included or not?
Have not removed it from the packaging yet, but tried stethescope. It is a very low volume heart beat, not like video. ???
What batteries and how many?
How tall is this horse?
what is the age range for this toy
does the kit come with the paints and glue?
what age group is this for?
how many parts
What color paints are needed to finish this model?
What are the dimensions of the car?
Do you have black in stock?
very interested in the limo gift but i don't want to give it as a thank you gift. can you change it to say "will you be my ring bearer?" instead?
Hi, do you ship to Brazil?
Hello - Do you have the white one in stock? I would like to order that one if you have it...
Do you have black in stock right now?
Can I order a black limo? How do I go about making the color request? Thanks!
Is it 18.45 for one bag or does it come with more than one?
for 14.99 is it 12piece set or 14.99 per bag?
how many bag are? they coming 12 pieces like show in the search or just 1? thanks
has anyone used this for an older kid? I mean an #85, 12 year old
What clearance does this need? We want to install it where our trapeze/rings are (new bolt in the middle) and want to sure we are okay.
Can this be attached to a tree?
Do kids like to use this more as a swing or to hang from?
what is the weight limit
What is the weight rating of the Whirl and Twirl?
Can this be attached UNDER a playset.......in place of where a tire swing would normally go?
What is the diameter?
is this just one hat - or is this a package of hats? How many? Thanks
Does it have string or something to hold it on to the head?
Can this hold hot tea?
Does the box come with a cover?
Is this set dishwasher safe and microwavable?
Do you ship to Canada?
does this set come with the two 5" cupcake plates? as well as the saucer plates?
Where is it made?
Who is the manufacturer of this tea set?
Does this product contain lead or other harmful chemicals that I have heard are still in Fine China that are imported from other countries?
Can I get additional plates and cups to make a set to serve 4
would this work for on top of a cake?
How is this caillou figure different from this one? Or are they the same? http://www.amazon.com/Caillou-Collect...
Follow up question: what is the approximate height of the caillou figure? Does this set come with the little shovel, hoe, pigs, etc.
i have two elvis dolls. one is the 1968 comeback edition and the other is Elvis the king of las vegas. 18in tall. will they fit your case
What is the with of this case?
Is This Goode For Wide Doll With Wings
can it a hold a bottle of liquor hennesey size 1 litter
Will it hold a teddy bear
How wide
Also, Is the Doll holder removeable?
I have a Before Watchmen Statue that is about 13 in and kind of wide. Do you think it would fit?
Is the doll holder adjustable
does it come with doll holder
Is the connector on the charger the female end or the male end? Just wondering because my battery has the female end on it and the picture looks like the male end. WIll this fit on my connector with one square hole and one arch shaped hole?
my battery pack has triangle and square shaped holes, what shape are the leads on this charger?
does this fit fisher-price imaginext spike the ultra dinosaur
I have an item that needs charging, the battery pack says 9.6V,AA SIZE,1300mAH. would this charger work?
Are the two pronged connectors round or square shape?
Will this charger work on a Tonka Ricochet R/C Replay Blue &amp; Green?
Will this charger work for recharging the red spike dinosaur by fisher price&gt;
Does this charger have an auto-shut off when it is finished charging?
Will this charger charge a 8.4 volt 1000mAh NIMH Battery?
Where do you find a second microphone? Will any mic work?
Is this an MP3 player as well?
does it have a shoulder strap?
Anyone have information on the warning label? Is this on the product? "WARNING: This product contains a chemical known to the State of California to
Does it use batteries? If so what kind?
Is this a good size for 6" mini American Girls dolls?
Will these work for Madame Alexander 6 inch dolls?
Has anyone used these for the 5" Mc Donald's Madame Alexander dolls? How did you find them to work?
anyone try these with the 6"-7" NECA figures?
how many jellyfish per package?
can these jellyfish be used in a desktop 2 gallon fake tank or are they too bulky to move around?
how big are they?
I just ordered a jellyfish and I received a Pink one. If I purchase 2 more can I get the blue and green?
Does this work well
is it waterproof
does it come clear?
just asking if i do body mods do you think this will fit on a rustler?
Dose it have a remote?
Can anyone tell me if the bears eyes are plastic or thread?
Does he have any beads in him? Thanks.
Are they washable?
Does he have jointed legs so he will lay down flat?
My son really wants a cream bear (think "Vanilla") Is this bear cream-colored? It is hard to tell from the photo. He is really cute!
Has anyone washed him in washing machine (w/ or w/o GUND stuffed animal bag)? IF so - delicate cycle? reg detergent? low or no heat for tumble dry?
is the bears eyes beaded or sewn?
Is the bear 12" sitting up or from head to toe?
Is this a sitting bear only? OR do his legs move freely/dangle?
Are the eyes hard plastic beads or sewn? (Thinking baby safety...)
is this bear really soft, not hard?
Is this set compatible with Munchkin Zombies?
Is this the edition with the female pawns
what does the revised edition mean? is it the same as the colored versions I see in stores?
How many expansion sets are recommended to use at one time? I have the base set and 1 expansion, can I add a 2nd &amp; 3rd, or will that dilute the deck?
If I have Munchkin Deluxe, does it include these cards already?
How many door and how many treasure cards there in this expansion pack? They just list the total number. Thank you.
Can Munchkin 2 be played together with Munchkin 1 as an expansion, or is this not recommended?
Will this work outside in the grass?
How high is the platform? is it 30 inches high where the car rests on top? Trying to compare it to Step2 roller coaster...
Where can you buy this?
Would another Radio Flyer car work on the ramp as well? That way I can have a car for each kid?
How big is the box? I want to bring it overseas
would this work also as a small slide?
Carpet? Does anyone know if this works on carpeted floor?
Will this be ok for a 3 yr old who is big for his age - 40 inches tall and 49 lbs? I am afraid the car will be way too small for him, and tip over.
how many pieces are in the set?
Does it come with ideas on how to set it up? And can it use regular marbles or just the ones provided?
How hard is it for a child to assemble the pieces by themselves? Some runs are difficult to "click" together hoping Discovery would be better.
Are Discovery toys, specifically the marble run, made in the US?
Does this have a jump in this set? Looking at the picture it looks like it might.
and one use regular marbles I have collected quite a few?
is it expandable?
At what age to you think kids will be bored by this? My 8 year old wants some kind of marble run toy but some seem not likely to keep her attention.
how many pieces in set?
is the plastic transparent?
so the clear bottles are 6 to 7 inches tall?
How many ounces?
How long does it usually take to ship? To Minnesota.
Are they very clear?
what are the exact dimensions?
how many oz?
will this body fit my traxxas slash
Will this fit on a slayer pro 4x4 nitro?
will it fit on duratrax evader ?
does it come pre-cut or is there cutting/trimming required?
Does it comes painted?
can this car fit a traxxas slash 2wd
what scale is this body?
will this fit my exceed rc drift car 1/10?
Will it fit my Traxxas Telluride 4x4?
is this for a traxxas slash 4x4
this car is model?
Does the body come prepainted?
what age group?
what supplies are needed to put it together?
Is this gun a silver color or a gold color ? Thanks
Doyou have LoneRangerCapGus
Does this gun shoot caps? I see how the chamber comes out, but it isn't obvious how the paper ring of caps insert. What caps go with this gun?
How many cap does it shot
Does this take plastic caps or paper rolls?
Is the hammer on this gun made of metal or plastic?
does the indicator light when full charged
do chargers come seperately from the helicopters as i bought three symas?
How do you tell if it's a fake 107 or a real one by Syma?
Can this work on a syma x5c? I bought one and it looks like it wont fit.
How many mAh
Can this charger be used on the Syma S8 Celerity R/C Helicopter?
Can this charger be used on the Symantec F3 helicopter?
How long does it take to charge?
Whats the output of this charger?
How many pieces?
How many pieces in this puzzle?
How many pieces does it have
how many pieces is this puzzles?
Do i need Special tool to install it ?
Do these use bearings
is the back of 3776A a circle or are they hex
are they hex
are they hex in the back and does a screw work
do you get 2 or 4
is that a pair of them or just only one ?
will this fit 17mm hex ?
Will these fit the front and rear of a slash 4x4?
are these rear tires
Is it waterproof? Is it for rock crawlers?
What is the rotation of this servo? Can it go 180 degrees?
Can this servo be used in a T-rex 700 for collective pitch? Is it too slow for that? I do not do 3D flying.
Does this have Continuous Rotation?
How much heat will this withstand? Will it keep on turning if required?
will this work on my mini lst2 truck?
Hey guys, I recently purchased this servo. Seems strong. Can seem to figure out which insert it takes for Traxxas servo saver. It came w 3?
can i use this servo for "tamiya" "toyota land cruiser 40" 1/10th scale radio control 4wd off road car...
Hi all a new one in Robotics... My question is I am trying to get a biped kit from link (working on only legs walk) http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00K... . Can you guys tell me if I get this servo (HS-645MG) for all 12 places in legs can it drive...
Will this servo work on a HPI Savage 4.6 for steering?
can you push it down
Will it come packaged or unwrapped
is this item can shiped to india
During the checkout process, the system showed that the items CAN NOT be shipped to Taiwan, could you please tell me what the problem is? Thanks!
Are you shipping these items to Taiwan? How long and how much does it cost?
does the charger and battery come with this or do I have to buy it separate?
i have a path in our woods will it work?
could this be used on extreme all terrain?
Does this have a Key to turn?
can a 7 year old ride on this?
Does this come assembled? Do I need a tools?
Do the headlights work? Are the gears plastic or metal?.
does this fit a 9/10
is the Battery 12 volt or 24 volt ?
Does it have a trailer hitch and can it pull a small plastic trailer?
How many come in the box?
What is the diameter of the center hole?
What is the outside diameter?
Can you use these to cover cables and to protect RVs from poles when camping?
I need a noodle for a 16 year old girl having leg surgery to line the crutches and make them more comfortable. Can I get pink or purple for her?
will this work for adults
I see from the description the diameter 3.25 inches, but I also need to know 1) how is long the noodle? What is the diameter of the hollow inner hole?
How many come in a package or is it just one noodle?
Do you get a single noodle for $13?
how many do you get for 18.99
How big is it when assembled?
does it unlock with a combination and key or just key or just comination? How can it be opened without the combination?
Is it a thing that you have to put together
Can the lock combination be changed/reprogrammed?
is it metal
How tall is this toy?
It is musical talking plush?
Is this a soft-face toy?
I woud like to confirm the size of this doll in inches, also please advise does doll have soft face or a hard face? TY!
Will the Melissa &amp; Doug Wooden Slice &amp; Bake Cookie Set fit into this oven?
What is the counter height?
When assembled, how tall is the kitchen?
What is the total width of this kitchen?
Can you tell me the inside dimensions of the oven/fridge
Little confused by description 21" vs19". Picture shows brown hair brown eyes. Discription says blue eyed blonde hair?
Does this doll have eyes that close when you lay her down to make it appear she is sleeping? Thanks.
Is her hair root? How does she look like with out the hat on? How did they root her hair like?
does she dink malk?
how much dose it wheight??
hears a question she has the body has normal skin or cloth
how tall are the pins?
Instructions?
What are the rules?
what size of nappys/diapers im 8 yrs old :)
it is ok to give her a bath?
I wanted to buy this but I need to know first if you can put a pacifier in his/her mouth?
does it have hair ???
does he have a private part???
can you put a boddle in the boy mouth
does he have a hard body
how heavy is he.
Are the limbs flexible? Can you change the doll's position? Also, is it anatomically correct? I'm considering for a stage prop.
is he/she a silicone baby i'm nine
what size of nappys/diapers im 8 yrs old :)
it is ok to give her a bath?
I wanted to buy this but I need to know first if you can put a pacifier in his/her mouth?
does it have hair ???
does he have a private part???
can you put a boddle in the boy mouth
does he have a hard body
how heavy is he.
Are the limbs flexible? Can you change the doll's position? Also, is it anatomically correct? I'm considering for a stage prop.
is he/she a silicone baby i'm nine
what size of nappys/diapers im 8 yrs old :)
it is ok to give her a bath?
I wanted to buy this but I need to know first if you can put a pacifier in his/her mouth?
does it have hair ???
does he have a private part???
can you put a boddle in the boy mouth
does he have a hard body
how heavy is he.
Are the limbs flexible? Can you change the doll's position? Also, is it anatomically correct? I'm considering for a stage prop.
is he/she a silicone baby i'm nine
are the batteries included?
Does 10 "pieces" refer to 10 individual cups?
You don't indicate the color of the light - is it multi-colored? The light in the picture appears to be multi-colored.
what is this toy? Do you put water in it? Pretent you are pumping gas? I assume the hose comes out? Sorry, I am unfamiliar with the latest toys.
After receiving this I notice that something inside rattles around, like a piece came off. Is this normal?
Is iit suppose to come with a plastic credit card?
How tall is the little Tikes Cozy Pumper?
does anyone know if they have addressed the issue of weighing down this pump
What's the weight when packed?
How big is this thing? Small enough to keep indoors or does it need to be outside?
How much is your height?
just bought one &amp; ther is something ratteling in side. What could this be.
DOES IT COME WITH BATTERY AND CHARGER
How does this helicopter do outdoors?
what extra batteries should I get and what charger?
Is this bird actually 17 inches or not
Will it bind to a hobbyzone champ transmitter?
will the radio that came with my 200 SRX bind with the 120?
I have a spektrum 4 channel receiver remote from my mcx2, will it bind to it
Will a LP6DSM With Spektrum 2.4DSM Technology bind with this 120SR?
Can I bind with spektrum dx4e
will it bind with a spektrum DX6i transmitter
How much space do you need to fly this heli?
This does not descript what it comes with. What does this helicopter come with?(batteries? RC? Charger? Manuel? In a box?)
What is the actual length of this heli?
will this work with the remote from the blade mcx ? its little brother
have a 200 srX RTF, will the radio for that bind with the 120 SR? I think the radio I have is a LPH6DSM with spektrum DSM or something close to this?
I have the Blade 200 SRX and I am using a LP6DSM with Spektrum DSM Technology 2.4, will this radio bind with the 120SR
Tell me if I am right, the Blade 120 SR is 17 inches long and does air tricks with the Radio that comes with it.
Ihave a 200 srX RTF, will the radio for that bind with the 120 SR? I think the radio I have is a LPH6 or something close to this?
is this bird 17" long?
will the blade 120 bind with my v911 4 channel radio
how big is the cat
We ave pets and like machine washable plush is sm. grey tabby cat machine washable?
is it a siganature webkinz
how much is the shiping?
Does it have the unused codes?
What's the difference in the CL103 and the CL305? Obviously, the price difference which implies the 305 is better....but how is it better?
Please only respond if you purchased 2Pk w/ 2 BROWN Bears (only). Do the 2 BROWN come w/ 2 Keychains?
The 2 pack BROWN BEARS: Are there two Keychain Remotes or just one? Pictures and Description only refer to a single transmitter for the 2 Teddies.
What kind of batteries doesthe bear and device usees?
Can i use one teddy and two remotes one for mommy and one for daddy?
Hi,does the 2 brown bear receivers comes also with 2 keychain transmitter or only 1 keychain transmitter? they did not clarify very well! Thank you
Can I set the distance to 30 feet instead of 150 feet?
Mommy I'm Here CL-103BR2pak Teddy Bear Remote Child Locator, 2-Pack, Brown&#xFF0C;only one transmitter?
So, is it two bears AND two remotes? Or one remote and both bears go off when the button is pushed? The description and pictures are confusing.
What is the range on the tracker?
What's the difference in the CL103 and the CL305? Obviously, the price difference which implies the 305 is better....but how is it better?
Please only respond if you purchased 2Pk w/ 2 BROWN Bears (only). Do the 2 BROWN come w/ 2 Keychains?
The 2 pack BROWN BEARS: Are there two Keychain Remotes or just one? Pictures and Description only refer to a single transmitter for the 2 Teddies.
What kind of batteries doesthe bear and device usees?
Can i use one teddy and two remotes one for mommy and one for daddy?
Hi,does the 2 brown bear receivers comes also with 2 keychain transmitter or only 1 keychain transmitter? they did not clarify very well! Thank you
Can I set the distance to 30 feet instead of 150 feet?
Mommy I'm Here CL-103BR2pak Teddy Bear Remote Child Locator, 2-Pack, Brown&#xFF0C;only one transmitter?
So, is it two bears AND two remotes? Or one remote and both bears go off when the button is pushed? The description and pictures are confusing.
What is the range on the tracker?
how many do you get?
cool
What size are the marbles? Same or varying sizes?
Is there color variation
Greetings ,,,,, I would like $36.00 of your Marbles to get Your free Shipping ,,,, How Many will that Be ???? Sling Shot in Connecticut ,,,,
What quantity of sand (in pounds) do you use in the large table?
Is the height on the legs adjustable? Can the bin be removed from the legs for easy cleanup?
Is there a drain?
It shows a lid. Does it come with the lid?
I AM FROM ANOTHER COUNTRY, I NEED TO KNOW THE TOTAL WEIGHT OF THIS 1050 and also the 2050 robot , thanks
can the height be adjusted on the robo pong 1050
Does the purchase on here include the Pong-Pal and indoor/outdoor rackets as the Newgy website is offering?
The 1050 can be lowered with a stool shorter than the table.
are there any balls included with the purchase of robo-pong 1050 for $399.
The description says it has a 300 pund weight limit - which is correct?
How is this stored? What size is it folded up?
Hello. What's the dimension of the bouncer? Weight limit?
Are there tie down stakes with this house?
does this product say it is lead free?
what are the demensions
What is the weight limit for this slide?
Is sent packed in a box? What is the volumetric weight?
How deep is the pool?
What age child would use this? I am thinking of using this for a 7 year olds birthday party, but I want to make sure it isn't too big or small!
How tall is the slide?
It is written (out of stock) in the webside is it available or not ? someone answer me.
Hi.. is this item availble in store ? I'd like to buy online now.(quick answer please)
I'm sorry I mean (In stock) is it available or not ?
Hi ..Can you provide this item to be sold outside the store outside the country This item is very Extravaganza I wanna buy.
Is this sand asbestos free? I see that is silica free but was wondering about the asbestos?
Is one 25lb bag enough sand to fill the step2 frog sandbox?
Does this sand come in a "Sandtastik" box?
Has anyone used it in aquariums?
What grit is this sand?
When the sand is poured, i.e. from one sand bucket into another, does dust fly up into the air that could be inhaled?
Is this "safe sand"??
Are they pull back cars? i.e. when you pull back and let go, do they go forward?
Has anyone tried these with the new City Skyway? Are they compatible?
Do these work with the Fisher Price Little People Skyway? (different than the Stand 'n Play Rampway)
Will these cars fit on a hot wheels track?
are these cars the same size as go go smart wheels?
Do they work with the F-P Little People City Skyway?
Do they work with the FP
Do they work with the wheelies garage?
do these work with the car carrier?
do they work w/fisher price main street?
Does this action figure have any small pieces?
Are these pull back cars??
Can you use these cars with the Fisher-Price Little People City Skyway?
Does this work with Wheelies Loops'n Swoops Amusement Park
Do the cars have those little holes underneath so they can hook onto the tow truck for towing?
Will this fit into a regular size plastic Easter egg?
Does this fit Little People City Skyway?
Does this doll have a cloth body like the American Girl dolls?
Do the eyes open and close?
the doll we received has awful hair &amp; a different face. We have an older doll with great hair and this face. Which face is on the ones with good hair?
This says madame alexander quality - is it madame alexander or not?
Can it sit?
are the clothes comparable with other 18 inch dolls?
Does she come with a book?
can we put the doll in water?
How are legs attached? I saw AG dolls have elastic band attaching them. our gen has plastic ball and joint and legs broke off easily.
what do you mean when you say that madame Alexander is compatible with american dolls??in what way?
Is the track compatible with thomas wooden railway?
Is the track compatable with thomas the train
Does this train set compatible with the METAL Thomas &amp; Friends trains. I have a tons of those and needs to find a wooden set that works with them
How small are the pieces? Not sure whether the actual tracks &amp; trains would be choking hazards for a 19-mo old - we wouldn't use the other pieces.
Is it safe for a 19-mo old? How small are the pieces? I'm wondering whether they're choking hazards for kids under 3 yrs, as the description says.
What are the dimensions of this train set put together? Trying to find a nice table to go with it. Thanks!
Are the tracks and trains made of wood?
does it work with Thomas train
The product picture says 61 pieces and the description says 56. Does this come with the trains, helicopter, plane, etc?
Is this track compatible with Imaginarium Express wooden train track?
what are the interior dimensions?
What are the inside dimensions so I can make bedding
Are the natural stained wood colors solid hard wood or do they also contain MDF?
The weight limit in the amazon ad says 250lbs. But when I got the slide the instructions says 105lbs. I looked up Amazon again and it's the same slide
Is this slide really 8 feet long? It says to mount it to a deck between 3'6" and 4'4", but an 8" slide seems way too long for that.
could you tell me how long this slide is in feet? thanks
How much weight will it hold? Will it hold a full grown adult?
Can I use this slide on the shallow end of our inground pool?
I have a treehouse that is about 80" high. My kids are older (seven and nine) and I'm wondering if this slide could work?
will this work well for a tree fort btw 7'-8' tall? My boys are 6 &amp; 8 YO.
What is the 8' 2x4 board for?
Could this slide be attached to something like a dome climber? Could you put hooks into the bolt holes and attach to the bars of the dome climber?
Has anybody installed this slide on a deck higher than 52"? Ours is 56" but our kids are a little older too - 4 and 7. Would it be too steep?
i notice the reviews about not being able to write on the chalk board side, has this problem been fixed? (reviews are from 2011/2012)
what size is the paper roll for replacement?
No assembly instructions!?! Where can I find them?
Would it be possible to adjust the size for a 2yr old to reach? I see screws attaching the legs to the main part of the easel, could I adjust there?
Is the paper roll included?
Is the white board magnetic? I think it's quite useful. Thanks.
Can I buy the small parts only? I have the same item but lost the parts.
Does the helmet open and close?
Many reviews say product is flimsy with defects. No reviews are from 2013. How is the quality of the item now?
Is Andy's name written on his foot?
?Does this figure have wings that pop open?
I hope I didn't miss this anywhere, but does this Buzz Lightyear have a glow in the dark uniform?
Please, could you confirm if this toy talks speaks spanish?
you can change the language to Spanish?
"I wonder if this toy is available in Spanish?" Edit ELIS F.
Is it made in China?
good afternoon, I am interested in making the purchase but I wonder if the phrases are spoken in Spanish? thanks you!
What size is your largest bunny?
how big is this bunny?
Does this bunny smell like chocolate?
Can it be washed in the washing machine (gentle cycle)?
Size of mat
Is the mat machine washable (ie. from spilled milk, spilled popsicle, etc)?
how safe or toxic is it ? what kind of material is it ? some odorless fumes or plastic smell from material ?
How long does it take for it dry and the drawing to disappear? Is it minutes?
how do you get different colors?
Is the new one they show on television with the mat &amp; the erase brush?
How many time can we use?
what size is the mat?
How can I wash out the Pen marks on the Mat?
Does the pen drips? is it easy for a toddler to unscrew the tip part where the water goes into?
Will this work on a Slash 4X4 with the Low CG Chassis? Thanks.
how heavy is this and will it fit the slash 4x4 stock chasis
will it fit a slash 2wd
Does it work with an ECX torment?
would this fit on a hpi blitz
can it fit slash raptor
Does the plastic body still fit over it with this thing installed?
is it for 1/10 slash
would it fit Traxxas Rally 1/10 4x4?
will this fit a slash 4x4?
Will this fit the stampede vxl 4x4?
Will this fit on a 2wd Slash raptor?
dose this work with traxxas t-maxx 3.3 4wd nitro?
What part number/Brand of Y harness would wowk with this on my Slash 1/10 4x4?
i have a brushless stampede and i am buying a led kit for it and i was wondering if/ and or i can use this along with the light kit and if not how?
Do you need the y harness for connection? Or what is evrything you need to get it running with the slash 4x4?
Will this fit the 1/16 e revo
are the fans water proof?
it fit the traxxxas 12t 550?
Would this Ariel doll be a good gift for my 9 yr. old girl?
where do I get more clothes for this doll
Is this doll meant to go into water?
Can you take her tail off, and does she have regular feet underneath? My daughter wants her to be able to change from a mermaid to a human!
Are the legs articulated/posable/bendable at hips and knees?
Are the eyes painted straight in the center like the picture shows? Or off to the sides?
What size doll does it hold?
What is the recommended maximum weight for this carrier?
can it fold
Can this be strapped into the car to ride with the child?
does the handle move? is looks like it is proping it up, i want to make sure it can move so my daughter can carry it.
emedia my piano starter pack: Does anybody know if this unit is playable without using the computer
what accessories are included
It says that it comes with AC adapter, but one reviewer denied it; so does it come with it or not? Thanks!
How long is the keyboard
Does it have a record and play back feature?
Is this an appropriate gift for a 4 year old?
Do the lessons really teach you to play?
Can this be used on window 8? What is the voltage on the AC adapter?
Will it work with Windows 8?
Can you plug a microphone into it?
does the set come with one or two speed controllers? or maybe the best question is are the 2 cars able to be controlled individually?
Does it require batteries?
Are there additional track sets available?
what is the remote control like
Does it have a wood setting?
is it plastic
What does the red button do?
does it close and open?
It makes the sound?
how long is it?
Will the Jigsort hold the Liberty wooden puzzle and their pieces? The pieces are thicker than a cardboard puzzle.
Is the size of this case the only thing that is different from the Jigsort 1500?
Is the felt actually adhered to the board? Do you experience any wrinkling of the felt? I purchased a different brand that has wavy felt.
What does it consist of
Do the centerpiece and trains fit into the case? And what sort of case is it exactly?
what are they made of
Is the seven dot tile a bright pink color, and another tile (?dots), a teal color? Thanks!
I need dimensions of the dominoes? and are they bright colors?
What is the thickness of the tiles? 1/4" or 3/8". Know it's a slight difference, but makes a big difference.
Being picky here, but can someone list the colors of the dots? Is the 7 dot one, dark pink? Thanks!
how to enter pound sign
how do you unlock The ReZone password vault?
I changed the battery and now it will not accept my password?
resetting password
screen locked
Where is the space bar to use between words?
how can I find an instruction manual for this unit?
my unit locked up and I cannot get back in.how do I get it unfrozen
How do you reset the password? Nothing I do works
How do you erase error made when inputting.
Does this count bills too?
what type of batteries does it take?
how make a result of zero??
How big is this or how much money will this hold?
WHAT SIZE PROPELLER REPLACEMENT OR UPGRADE
Is possible change all the electronic with aftermarket products,as battery,reiceiver and trassmiter?
how big is it
how fast does it go?
How long does the battery charge last? How long does it take to recharge?
where can I get back up batery packs for the Yellow Majesty 800s power boat?
Will this run on Geotrax train tracks?
Do the martians com out so you can put things (squinkies!) in the car?
Does the car have a hook on the back to connect other train pieces?
What age is this for
was it good for 8 yr. olds/
What exactly can you make? Most reviews do not mention what projects kids did make. Thanks
Does it have movable joints?
someone says it comes with a video - is that accurate?
does it come with a stand
how many days is for delivery to USA?
Is there a wireless remote control for this device?
Can this model do a fast top spin followed by a sort side spin with out any manual intervention?
Hi, I am contemplating buying newgy robot. Can you suggest me some ping pong balls that you have found to work well with the robot. Thanks in advance. Update: Thanks a lot for all the valuable comments :). I have ordered DHS Olympics 3-star balls. I...
what is the difference between this one and the 2040?
i am looking at the 2040 with a lot less money, can you tell me what options i am getting from the 2050 that the 2040 does not have?
Which measures the package? Thanks.
what is in the setup DVD? Does it have training video or just machine setup?
Is there anyone got 2050 for out door table, which only weights around 120 LB? I am considering if the table can stand for the weights of Robot.
beside the 60 balls provided, do I need to get extra balls to continue drilling for 20 minutes?
can robot make NO spin thanks
is it made in the USA
What size firefighters would be compatible/to scale with this truck? Thank you. :)
What exactly can child do with the 2 small ladders on each side? Remove and extend the roof ladder with them? Thanks!
Does this work on hardwood floors? I've seen several reviews from 2011/12 indicating that this was a problem. Have they fixed it?
What is the recommended age for this truck (and other toys by Green Toys)
what age is this toy recommended for?
The description says " printed with soy ink"; what does this mean?
Can the ladder reach to the second floor?
howd big is it?
are the wheels removable
Are these bi enough for adults?
What are they made of? Styrofoam, fabric or flimsy plastic?
Does it glow under blacklight?
I'll have a party abroad, can i fit them in my luggage? or are they too big to travel with them?
Are the four colors shown (yellow, pink, green and orange) the ones we will get?
are these blacklight reactive?
Do these hats fit adults?
are these big or loose for kids?
do they glow in the dark?
Are these bi enough for adults?
What size AC adapter is required?
Whenever the TARDIS is placed in the right area for it to levitate, the top arm of the base makes a high pitched squealing sound can this be stopped?
Does it actually float? How does it?
Don't work the one time it worked we tried for 20 min's be for it worked. put it away for gift. Have right power supply or new batteries. Still nata.
Don't work the one time it worked we tried for 20 min's be for it worked. put it away for gift. Have right power supply or new batteries. Still nata.
Don't work the one time it worked we tried for 20 min's be for it worked. put it away for gift. Have right power supply or new batteries. Still nata.
I can not get this thing to work. All batteries are good. Went and got the right powre adapter still cant get it to work. it worked one time
how tall is the stand? what are the dimensions of the tardis?
So has anybody got the right adapter yet? Where can I buy it? 9v 200mA +center but how many millimeters.
What are the LED's for? There is a red LED on the back of the top that is on all the time and a white one that is off all the time.
Does this need the sand bags to hold it stationery?
Do you know what the maximum gross weight capacity is?
please provide us package size for overseas transportation
How I can know which is the width, height and length in inches packaged to be sent to Venezuela and how much is the package weight
can you tell me the Shipping Dimensions? there it is just the Shipping weight
So its commercial grade but only 300 lb capacity??
Does this bounce house have a roof or covering over the top for shade?
&iquest; what's the dimensions of the box ?, regards
What is the weight limit on this bouncer ?
can I put this bounce house indoor?? I have townhouse and I have to host a birthday party... and its getting cold... please help!
I want to know now our tall the walls are if you are inside jumping. I saw a picture on another site and the walls look short.
What is the weight rating for this bouncer?
how high is the slide? &amp; how tall are the walls from the bounce floor? i see alot of different ans., are the walls 5 feet high from the bounce floor?
Do it come with items to help blow it up?
i want to know, which is the voltage feeding the blower motor?
Which is the voltage feeding the blower motor?
On this product what is the guarantee , for how much capaciti and durability
On this product what is the guarantee and what is the durability and precaution must one have to it can keep u in good conditions
hi could you please provide me with the shipping box dimensions
How big (tall) is this?
Why is this toy so absolutely and universally adorable? Does it tap into some deep primal need? Is it our mammalian instinctive love of baby creatures
My did not come with instructions. Can I wash?
Is it made of foam?
What is it made of?
It's like 6.00 @ hot topic, so why buy it here?
Can I buy 300 units of just the green slime?
How bad does this slime leave a stain?
do they come in packs of 5
do they come in packs of 5
how many slime barels are there in one order
Will it trap a roach in a pitfall trap?
is it sticky ?
How many do you get?
is it a set?
Is this the price ($5.72) for ONE barrel of slime? We find them at the dollar store, so I am thinking maybe this price is for more than one? Thanks!
Are these "adult" aliens? Or are small and large ones sent at random?
how many do you get
how many do you get
Does the Apollo 11 Command Module include a "Certificate of Authenticity"?
Does this include figures ? Also is the price fair for the model ?
is the hatch removeable
I know Neva figures claws are very breakable is this one easy to break?
What size is this guy how tall
is the mask remove able
please help me the boat not turn on, the remote control is on and the switch on the boat is on too but when i tried to run with the control not work
how long does a charge last while using the boat?
i turn on the boat and the remote control but it don't work i need turn on other think ? i try to run it and nothing the remote control is good
Does this boat allow you to control forward speeds or is it just full blast all the time?
I wish the descriptions would list the operating frequencies. I need to get a second 1 that will work at same time as other boat.
how fast do it go
What is the operating frequency of the Transmitter and receiver?
Can you run three boats against eachother? I have three kids who would like to race. Different frequencies? Or do you have a better boat for this?
Why does it cost so much
Are the back legs 'sewn/glued' in sitting position?
what is the size on this wolf
does this come with the secret code you can put online?
it looks cool but before i buy, does it come with the rice pudding?
dose the red wolf just sit?
age of kids
How long is the runway if I put it together?
How many connectors come with the box?
What size airplanes does it take. My son loves the movie Planes and I brought some small planes for him from the movie and I am looking for an airpor
Is it made in China?
Does it have a battery
The product description says it's great for babies and toddlers, but all the reviews seem to be for babies. Would kids still enjoy this as toddlers?
what age is appropriate for this book?
how many pages does is have?
If it has a battery, is it replaceable
How large do these dinosaurs measure?
how many dinosaurs come in the bucket ?
Are they made in China?
Does the set include the flying dinosaur?
What charger would you use with this? I have a TP 535 with the balancer addon but the connectors are not right. I'm pretty new at this.
What type of charger do you guys use for this battery? Could I have a link please?
What are the dimensions of this?
it is rc ????
I am ready to buy but.. Please recommend a few controllers on Amazon that I can buy. I am at a loss to figure out which one will work.
Will my Hobbyzone Champ transmitter work for this plane. Is this a good step-up plane from the champ?
Is this plane smaller, bigger or the same size as the Champ
Will this plane use the same battery as the Champ and UMX Radian? I am pretty sure it will but thought I would ask.
Does it come with everything you need to fly it right away
I have a 2.4 ghz walkera devo 7 transmitter and a blade nano with spektrum 2.4 ghz dsmx technology transmitter, will any of these work?
does it come with the battery?
i have an edf jet with a 4 chan starmax 2.4ghz remote. will this remote control be able to bind to this plane also?
Does it include the Battery? And if so, does it include the charger too?
Can you add on the lights and sound? Does the cab top have a spot for this?
What is the difference between the two cranes?
how much would it be the shipping fee to mexico?
Is the crane operator door supposed to close flush or not. It does not close all the way, just wondering if it's broken or it's suppose to be that way
can you attach a snowplow? which model of plow?
Does the door open for the Bruder man?
does this have a remote
What is the actual size in inches?
is the truck rc?
Looking for 1/16 scale RC construction
What scale is the car? Is it actually rail-ready for a scale railroad?
that material is plastic or metal?
what scale is the car ?
Are the suspects molded plastic figurines or just wood tokens?
Is this the original game that is pictured or an updated version
Are weapons metal or plastic? Are suspect tokens wood or plastic?
i need to have the item arrive by sept 26 without paying higher shipping. is this possible?
how many inches is she
is this the original american doll or a duplicate of the original one because of the -price
What are the dolls dimensions?
What is the difference between this and the Reloaded version . And which is better?
how to play
How long do the batteries last?
How high does it ACTUALLY go? And how good is the hang time? Does it just come right back down in split second or does it take a few seconds
Many people suggest making sure it is lubed. Can you just use vaseline? Thanks!
Can you shoot the rockets at an angle? Or can it only go straight up?
The rocket launcher just arrived in what looks like a plastic dry cleaning bag. How am I supposed to give this as a gift for Christmas?
the bottle launcher will not launch after only a few times using it
can this be used with an air compressor, or only a hand pump?
Where can I get replacement gaskets for it
Almost all the time it takes off before I even pull the cord and I am still pumping,how do I fix this
What is the maximum PSI for this launcher?
why does the water go in the launcher when I turn it up after fixing the bottle?
Will this check my small 1S 3.7V 150 mAh Li-Pol. Battery has very small plug in? Thanks Pat
Can I turn the alarm to off ??? I want to test batteries at my bench.
Does this put a load on the battery as it tests to get a more accurate reading?
My husband has a Phantom FC40. I bought this for him but we can't figure out how it hooks up. Can it be used with that and if so, how does it connect?
this is necessary?
does this alarm sound more than once?
Does it come with a manual?
I plan to use this with my airsoft gun because I am using a LiPo for it. It will stay plugged in the whole time. If the voltage level is fine, will it constantly make beeping noises that would give my position away?
can i use the Lipo voltage checker/warning Buzzer with the Q500 Typhoon
What adapter should I use to plug it into a Deans battery plug?
Newbie: Besides the extra promo cards which I can buy on eBay for $5 (for both), is it worth getting this set?
Why can't this be shipped to an APO?
How many sleeves do I need to buy to have enough for all the cards in the big box?
What a new player should get? I don't really need a board game, no one to play with, but the reviews are so positive I'm tempted to get this for when there's a chance to play. But there are so many choices. I see 'the big box' is on sale for $57 - a...
What are the exact dimensions of the play mat? What is the play mat made of (paper, plastic, cloth)?
What is it?
Someone in 2013 asked about the art on this set being old??? Is that the case now or if I order I will get the latest greatest?
Any suggestions on card sleeves since I heard the card dimension is different for Dominion cards?
Is there room for the cards from other expansions (ie; Seaside, Intrigue, etc.) in this box or only enough room for the contents that comes with it?
Is everything packaged together, or are there three (or more) stand-alone boxes?
Can anyone explain why this Playmobil police car is twice the cost of the others? Trying to compare features, thanks.
Do the doors open?
How many and what type of batteries are needed?
I assume from reading the reviews this car has a siren. Is the siren a European sound or USA sound?
How many and what type of batteries are needed?
Does this doll come in different races? My granddaughter is black and I would appreciate a doll that looks like her.
is this doll anatomically correct
What size of clothing dose this doll wear .
Can this doll go into the bath tub, or will it fill with water?
I am looking for an anatomically correct doll for pre-potty training. Does this one have girl parts or just the standard smooth area? Thank.
can the mouth open
can u put a pacifier or a bottle in its mouth
is the hat removable? Noticed in the video, they never take the hat off. Does it have hair?
Does a binky fit in the mouth of the opened mouth one?
Does this doll have a anatomically correct parts? Aka a vulva?
I bought this car for my daughter six month a go I don't know why stop working is not going any where battery fully charged
Does it have a remote
Does this have a seatbelt?
are the head lights real?
Are the designs stickers? Can you pull them off?
hi i have the car but during the move loss the charger and need to replace it and the battery anyone know where i can get that at
Is there any way to order a wheel replacement? After 2 years of use one wheel is completely worn out.
is this good in grass and on gravel? Also would it be possible for 2 toddlers to fit in it?
I have this car, but my daughter has lost the remote. Is there a way to buy a replacement??
i need a new remote battery and charger for this do you know wherei can buy??
Can you actually steer the car with the remote control or does it only go forward or backward?
what age
Is this car suitable for 9month and up?
Does the car ride well in grass?
Where can I found parts for this car like steering wheel?
My daughter is 5 years old. Is it good for her?
how does this vehicle compare to the Power wheel Jeep - same power, are there pedals etc..
would it be a good gift for a 3rd birthday
Where can I buy a wheel replacement? The front wheels are completely worn out.
The fuse broke anyone know what kind of fuse this takes? Any similar issues! Thank you:)
Is Amazon currently selling the first release of this item (with the gold sticker on the front of the box) with extra weapons?
Does this figure come with the second (duplicate) set of weapons (a second rifle, bazooka and sheild)?
is this master grade and what scale is this?
I know this question has already been asked but it was over a year ago is this the first edition version or is it the regular version?
are the straps Velcro or metal clips?
The PRoduct Description says "Black/silver only" but the product offers a color selection. Does this set (age 9-12) come in the red?
is there a package with a 13" chest protector?
The picture clearly shows youth age 5 to 9 on the shin guard. Is this a wrong picture or is the next size up not that much bigger?
What size is the Royal Blue set? 9-12?
What size are chest protector and shin guards?
I'm looking for the 6-8 size. How do I know what I am ordering?
What age is this set for?
Does set come with a gear bag to carry it in?
Has anyone purchased knee savers to go with this set? if so, what do you recommend?
i need a lg helmet does it come with that
will this set fit a 14 year old, he's 5'9 tall
Does the youth set come with the crotch pad necessary for Little League play? The V shaped one at the bottom.
will this gear fit my 12 y/o daughter. she is 5'5 about 145lbs or so
does the bag have wheels?
Would this be too big for my 10 u girls team?
team catcher that I buy for a person 16 years
will this fit a 12 year old?
will this set fit a 10 year old hes 4'9
do you have a choice in helmet and colour of gear?
i need a lg helmet does it come with that
will this set fit a 14 year old, he's 5'9 tall
Does the youth set come with the crotch pad necessary for Little League play? The V shaped one at the bottom.
will this gear fit my 12 y/o daughter. she is 5'5 about 145lbs or so
does the bag have wheels?
Would this be too big for my 10 u girls team?
team catcher that I buy for a person 16 years
will this fit a 12 year old?
will this set fit a 10 year old hes 4'9
do you have a choice in helmet and colour of gear?
are the straps Velcro or metal clips?
The PRoduct Description says "Black/silver only" but the product offers a color selection. Does this set (age 9-12) come in the red?
is there a package with a 13" chest protector?
The picture clearly shows youth age 5 to 9 on the shin guard. Is this a wrong picture or is the next size up not that much bigger?
What size is the Royal Blue set? 9-12?
What size are chest protector and shin guards?
I'm looking for the 6-8 size. How do I know what I am ordering?
What age is this set for?
Does set come with a gear bag to carry it in?
Has anyone purchased knee savers to go with this set? if so, what do you recommend?
are the straps Velcro or metal clips?
The PRoduct Description says "Black/silver only" but the product offers a color selection. Does this set (age 9-12) come in the red?
is there a package with a 13" chest protector?
The picture clearly shows youth age 5 to 9 on the shin guard. Is this a wrong picture or is the next size up not that much bigger?
What size is the Royal Blue set? 9-12?
What size are chest protector and shin guards?
I'm looking for the 6-8 size. How do I know what I am ordering?
What age is this set for?
Does set come with a gear bag to carry it in?
Has anyone purchased knee savers to go with this set? if so, what do you recommend?
How old are your children that play with this set?
How stable is the play set. Do the legs stay on the ground when children are swinging?
What's the shipping package dimension? I'm trying to buy it to ship it overseas
What is the footprint of the main 'house' part? Thanks!
Does this need to be stained before assembly?
Is it possible to install the swing bar on the opposite side?
Anyone know the height of the swing portion?
Does the slide on this set require assembly, or is it in one piece?
Does anybody know the shipping dimensions and weight of the boxes? This item doesn't ship to Alaska, so I would like to look at other shipping options
size?
WHAT ARE THE DIMENSIONS?
Are these sturdy enough for sending cake home with wedding guests??
Hello, Do you have these boxes in white, light pink or brown?
I would like to buy 5x7 coloing books to go in these. Would it fit?
hello could i have them all red please?
what is the height of these boxes
what is the size of these boxes?
what are the measurments of the boxes?
What are the dimensions of the box once it's assembled? (Approximations like "1 Costco muffin" or "2 stacks of 6 Oreos" would be fine!)
I would like to know if anyone has tested this meter for accuracy after first checking a lipo batt. reading on a digital volt meter then comparing
Will this work on the bigger batteries. I have a zippy 40c series 14.8 V 5000aph
Is this the newer version of this model known as 'V2'? How does one tell if they have purchased the 'V1' or 'V2' models?
Is this the new V2 with Balancing version?
i need the eight pin connector for the eos sentry battery pack checker
Does the selected cell type persist across battery checks?
Can Hyperion EOS checker check 1S 3.7v 380mAh batteries?. Check two 1s batteries together making a 2s. It's all new to me
Will this balance a LiPo while it's charging, or do you have to charge the battery and then hook up this thing afterwards to balance the cells?
cont.. Blackened. Would the uppers work ? I can't stand the blackened tooth; it is the right tooth of your "two front teeth". The left one is part
will these work until I get my lower denture.
are they white or natural?
why cant billy bob make ful plates and why don thy brake son easy is there some garunty
does it work with uppers
i read a comment that said that it had only 3 drums. does it come with 5 like it says it does or it only brings 3??
Is the hardware for the drums and cymbals included?
Is the throne adjustable? What size is the bass drum?
would this be good for an 11 year old
Does this come with a stool?
The steel (nickel coated) things that are on the sides of the drums to hold the screws are they made of plastic or metal?
is this set good for a 16 yr old
drum set just arrived last night. However the instuction is for 'GP50', which shows only 3 drums. Without proper instruction we can't assemble this.
Is this the right size for a 12 year old?
Will this drum set work for a 1 year old? I'm trying to sort all the reviews on the drum sets. Some good some bad. Help?!?!
do you need to load it?
Can you use other darts in this gun? I've got a gun that uses the blue darts. Are they interchangeable?
is it really semi automatic
is it very loud
is it easy to reload
how far does it shoot?
Is this the translucent version?
Is it the one in the picture?
how tall is Prince Adam in this box?
Will this come with the white mailer box?
So are we getting the normal version or the color change?
Why does the description the regular version while the picture shown the exclusive version?
Are Blue-eyes, Red-eyes, and Dark Magician guaranteed in this product, or is it just a high chance?
Do you ship it to Brazil?
is it worth 50 smackers
where did you get them
are the god cards real? they have colors on their back so its easy to know which one they are
Are the god cards tournament legal?
Are the god cards real, i know they cant be used in a duel? I see it says limited edition on it, doesn't that mean they're fake?
what size box of wizard bounce house for shipping
how many kids can play at the same time ??
Can it be used outside?
Comes including filling the mattress
Can this be used to bounce inside ?- obviously without the stakes...
Does this have any type of tarp or netting as a "roof"?
measured as width, length and height.? As weight.?
What is the weight limit. Can adults jump in it?
how many children does this hold and what is the weight capacity
can this get wet
so im about to buy this panda and im looking at the other questions and i see that each answer has has a different measurement. so how big is it really?
How big is it?
Exactly how tall is it? I'm looking for one that's at least 60" long.
How long is it
Is the blade removable ?
Since i'm new to the fandom i must know, are Jedi permitted to use guns/blasters or is it against what they believe in?
is this the 2005 model?
is the lightsaber blade removable?
Can you turn off the volume?
Are the tiles engraved?
Hi, can you post a picture of all the tiles ie, bam, Craks, dots, flowers, winds and jokers. Thanks
how manychips and what colors are they?
what size are the tiles?
Can you provide a picture of your Burgundy tile?
What do i need to connect my 3.7v 380mAH 1s batteries to this device??
Will this work with a (or I guess in this case 4) 500mAh 1S 3.7V 25C LiPo Battery by E-flite?
where can I get an adapter to charge my 3.7v batteries with JST plugs? If so what is it called?
What does it mean when all the lights blink?
Does this works with the Hubsan X4 107C batteries? Or the TENERGY Pack(Tenergy 3.7V 380mAh LiPO Battery for Hubsan X4)?
does the vacuum make noise
When this item is shipped to your home, does the packaging reveal the contents, or is it inside an amazon box?
do the drawers open? how much storage space does it actually have?
I know it says up to 7 years old in the description but is that really correct? Would this be ok for a 5 or 6 yr old? thank you!
what are the dimensions of the shipping box of the article?
Can you buy replacement foam piece?
age
Hi, I would like to know the dimesions of the box for transporting? thanks in advance.
Is this too young for a 5 year old child?
can anyone tell me the dimensions of the box it is shipped in?
What is included in the set
How wide is this mat? My 9 year old son believes this is something he can play along with the F-GSPC airplane he has three different sizes of gemini jets . Is this really worth the investment? Confused!!!
Would 1.400 work on an ho scale layout
does it include all the airplane in the picture
Has anyone tried putting this into the Fisher Price Brilliant Basics Stroll a Long Stroller?
I bought it for my co-work's baby girl who is almost 2 months old. I'd like to confirm what the safety age is for it? Thanks!
Has anyone tried putting this into the Fisher Price Brilliant Basics Stroll a Long Stroller?
what is the inside and outside material of the doll?
size
where made ? is it machine washable?
Is this supposed to light up or make noise? And if so, where and what type of batteries?
Does the head move like in the show?
how the screwdriver heads are held within the handle? And what gauge the bottom of them are?
how big is it? is it real metal?
How long does the battery last?
What age is this car for?
How tall is it
Does it go in reverse? Also, what are the controls? Is it a foot pedal or a push button?
what is the age/wieght limit
Where is the plug located for this? Do you recommend unplugging when not in use or does it have an "off" button?
Do the legs collapse or are easy to remove to store against a wall after use?
How well does the puck slide? Is the air flow sufficient?
Would you buy this for a 10 1/2 year old
What tools are needed to put it together? How long does it take to assemble?
would you be able to play this on floor w/out the legs? Or would that prevent motor from working/blowing?
What if I wanted to remove legs to use as a floor table until I make room. Could I do that? Or would it affect the blowing motor?
looking for a game for the family for christmas, children as well as adults,
Does this come with all the supplies needed, pucks, paddles and such?
How big are the pucks and the pushers?
How big is it?
I wanted to get some clarification since there are conflicting reviews. Does the blanket have the picture and the letters spelling out OLIVIA or no?
What small parts does this have?
How big is this when closed and how big when opened?
What are the playing pieces made of? Are they plastic with smooth, rounded corners (like my set from years ago)?
Ad says the set comes in 3 sizes but I don't see any way to pick one size. So, the one advertised for $35.26 is what size?
i see that the offered set is the medium size, but is the price the same for the larger one and is it just one set and not 3?
How big are the game pieces?
What is the diameter of the checkers?
Are the dice "Normal" sized. Are the pieces average size? Do they have any weight. I have a set from the 80's, trying to find something similar.
Still confused on the FOLD OUT dimensions of the $23.64 product......help us out ?
there are different sizes so how do you choose the size you want?
how do you pick a size?
What do people use to retrieve the air boat with it if stalls? The manufacture recommends a fish pole with a tennis ball on the end of the line?
Do they tip over easy?
Does the durotrax 1600 require an add
dose the controler have low an med speeds
age for child &amp; durability
What are the dimensions of the boat itself?
How long worth of full speed would it run?
What kind of Range does the remote give you?
do you have a charger you can plug in the wall vs a car outlet?
will a 7.2 5000 nimh battery work in this boat
Is he measured 14" sitting down or stretched out and measured from bottom of foot to top of head?
Are the eyes stitched or hard attached eyes?
is he in his original box
does he have beads in his feet
does he have beans in his bottom
What is the size?
Do the eyes open? Also does it come with a bed?
CAN IT BE TURNED OFF? Or do you just remove the batteries which is not convenient at all
I can&acirc;&#128;&#153;t get mine to breathe. What do I have to do to get it to work?
is it posable
My shihtzu used to sleep on his side, can this dog do that
Can the dog lay in different position
If you pick the dog up, can the arms and legs move or are they sewn so they can't move?
how is this useful
How do I "plug" this into my receiver. Does it need to buy it dinner first?
Can I recieve Telemetry on my Spektrum DX6 (NOT the 6i)?
anyone know the range/distance (approx.)?
Will this work with a Spectrum AR610 DSMX 6 Channel Receiver?
what comes with the TM1000
When you say plug it in to the reciever, where exactly do you mean. The main control board in the vehicle ?
Does this module include the temperature sensor?
Will this work with a Safe technology RX?
WIll this work with the DX6i
will this work with the Spektrum DSMX AR6210 6-Channel Receiver
do these fit the hpi savage line
Will these fit on a Stampede 4x4 VXL that has the Traxxas 17mm Wheels Hubs (4), Blue: Slash 4x4, TRA6856X installed?
do they fit e revo brushed
Is this price for all 4 wheels or just two I seen somebody said they got 4 I believe mine were the forty or 50 dollar set
so does this come with 2 or 4 tires?
Dose the tires fit on the E-maxx 3903
Would they fit on traxxas summit 1:10
Hay are they bigger than the Traxxas e-maxx brushed tires.
Will these fit on a traxxas revo 3.3
how many tiers does it come with.
Is the body portion 12" or it from head to tail tip?
o they have sound? thx
I would like to use this in my classroom. Is there a way to hang it?
Is the strap just around the top or is it like a drawstring backpack?
Are the bags empty or do they come with loot?
Can these be worn on the back (like a backpack) or is the drawstring just so it can be held on your arm?
Size please?
How fast can I get these?
How big are these Polyester Pirate bags?
could you turn it off
How do you put it on the wall
does it make any noise
what does it do, how do you use it?
how to put this on your door and could it be removed
does the time stamp work good?
My door and wall do not align. Will this affect how or if it works?
The alarm simply will not come on with this system. Is there any trick to make it work?
how big is it?
What are the measurements? L-W-H
is it soft
The ones I saw on ebay were lopsided and terrible looking, nothing like this Webkinz photo. Are they a different manufacturer now?
is it a good buy
Does it have any bean filling in it?
How big are the individual monkeys?
Can you request colors???
Are they as eye catching as the picture suggests?
It says 1 dozen in the title, but the description says 2 dozen. Which is it??
do these come with royal blue stones? can you ship ones with royal blue stones
What size are these crowns from left to right?
Are all the tiaras with pink stones? The description says assorted colors, but I would like all pink.
Are these all plastic or metal
will these fit an adult or older child?
Will these likely fit adult fingers?
will these fit in easter eggs?
I purchased these to pin to the outside of mosquito netting that will hang as a canopy over my sons bed. Would these be light enough to hang and pin?
BPA is Bisphenol A, a chemical used in plastic products but not recommended for young children or for food consumption products.. Are these BPA free?
are these BPA free?
How small are these pieces? I'm thinking about getting this set for my 16 month old, but she still puts a lot of toys in her mouth.
Can these be used for American Girl dolls, size wise
Id this made in the U.S.A? If not, where is it made?
what are the dimensions of the box? I need information for shipping
is this all plastic or is there cardboard pieces too?
Let me know delivery schedule for KidKraft Tasty Treats Pretend Food Play?
Has anyone used these with a step2 kitchen? Curious if they fit in the Step 2 pots/ pans...
Can it be for 10 year olds?
from what plastic are the toys made of? is it bpa and palate free?
I do not see BPA and Pthylate free?
Are these jelly or hard?
Are these made of latex?
Hi, does the odor really disappear completely after 'airing' them outside for a day or 2?
DOES IT COME WITH THE DISPLAY BOX
Can you order just one color or do they only come in assorted colors?
I turned mine off and cannot turn it back on. Where is the switch?
do they strobe on and off, or do they flash in a circle pattern? thanks!
Will this fit a 5 years old girl? Or they are too big?
I Just ordered these for my daughters Birthday party &amp; was curious does it really take 2 months to deliver?
What type of battery does this use?
Does it come with batteries?
Does it come in the original box? If so what does it look like?
what version screwdriver is this? the character select repackaged ones or the originals from underground toys?
what color package does this come in? is this the repackaged character select sonic or orange package underground toys?
What type off batteries does the third doctor's sonic screwdriver take?
I usually see this going for 50-60. How come yours is 180?
Hello, I wonder if the phaser is produced by Sideshow.
I got one of these with a blu ray and it looked great, but on closer inspection it was messed up. Does your rotating head really work correctly?
How big is this WWE Raw Superstar Ring?
how big is the ring
SIZE: What is the size of this ring and what size action figures are best used for this ring?
So which figures work best for this ring?
so wat superstars come with this ring
Will this work with a nexstar 6se??
Wich is better to align: SkyScout Personal Planetarium, SkyQ Link Wi-Fi Adapter, NexGuide Autoguider, Starsense autoalign, SkySync GPS Accessory?
How do you power this thing?
Does this work with Celestron's SkyProdigy line and is it worth the money knowing the capabilities of the skyprodigy's auto alignment feature. Thanks
would this work with a nexstar 127
If I understand right, this doesn't completely eliminate the need to align. Just eliminates needing to put the place, date and time?
With the GPS will I dispense with this products: "NexGuide Autoguider" and "Starsense autoalign"?
Can you power the GPS unit from the autoglide port on a Nexstar 6SE?
will this item work with skywatcher telescopes regards john
Will this work in the Southern Hemisphere ?
Where are the balls made? US?
Do they float in water?
How do you clean and sanitize the balls?
What are the dimensions of the mesh bag (lxwxh)?
How many ball would it take for the little tyke bounce house?
Does the Hamper zipper on top or is it open?
Is this an authentic Pillow Pet?
Hi is this the large one or the peewee size?
What is the actual size, 18" or 11"?
I want to make sure, does the "squeaky dolphin" actually squeak?
Is Noah's ark shape sorter made of wood? Thank you.
How large is the boat?
what country was this made in?
Is the detail for the animals and Noah and his wife painted on both sides?
Can I get one that has a female lion instead of two males?
does it work as a shape sorter
what is the size of the animals?
Does it come with little sinners that you can drown when you play?
Can someone tell me if the vintage "blue" is more of an aqua/turquoise color or a true baby blue? In the picture it looks more aqua to me.
How has it held up after a year or two of play? Have doors broken, is paint chipped?
Can someone please tell me if the back of this Blue KidKraft kitchen is painted?
I'm wandering if anyone had trouble with the legs on this kitchen set? I'm wandering if there's a trick to putting the legs on my husband stripped it
Considering the 2-piece kitchen by KidKraft in the same color. Only difference appears to be an updated look and location of microwave. Thoughts?!
Can someone please tell me if this kitchen is still having issues with the legs and screws?
How tall is it from floor to the top of counter? From counter top to the top of unit? Overall dimensions?
Do you see any problem with using this without the feet? We want to put it under our counter which is just shy of 35" tall.
Are the buttons decals?
does the fridge have a back? We just put together our kitchen and the fridge doesn't have a back.
Are the accompanying markers washable or permanent?
Is the height of the turret 40 or 50 inches? Trying to figure out how tall a child would be next to it and how many can get inside.
Is it white or brown?
Is it easy to put together?
Can a 6 year old fit in the castle?
Is it easy to put together?
How many small children (2-4 year olds) could fit in this castle?
Can it be broken down for storage when not it use and reset up?
What are the shipping dimensions?
How big are these cards? I was thinking about getting them for my almost 2 year old...
Could you punch holes in these in the same place throughout all the cards, so you could string them on a ring? (hoping to avoid having them strewn everywhere...)
Is there a separate set for upper case and lower case letters? Or are they both on the same card together?
what is the total number of cards?
Do the alphabet cards have both upper and lower case letters?
What number does the flash cards stop at?
What number does the flash cards stop at?
how many number cards
how thick are the cards ?
what age is it recommended for?
Does it come with the astronauts?
How many inches are between floors of this spaceship? I see the overall dimensions, but wanted to determin the space between floors.
Do these require batteries?
Is there any thing that can be added to the rail?? Can nnot find anything out there yet.
Can a 4 yr. old boy operate this super soaker?
will this go with tje the super soaker vest
how much water does it hold
This Works with all super soaker clips right?
How much force is required to pull the trigger? Will my three year old son be able to pull the trigger without problem?
what size is super soaker thunderstorm by nerf?
hydro pack
does it leak
can you submerge in water?
if this gets sumbermeged under water completly will that effect the batteries?
how much water can the mag hold?
I would like to use this to shoot at a night animal. Will it wake the family when shooting this super soaker?
do you need a screw driver
how big is it
Does this come with torpedoes?
Isn't a 36 inch x 36 inch x 36 inch cube difficult to use? (See the Product Details) It must be a very lightweight material to be only 5 ounces. Thanks Alan Mackintosh for recognizing my attempt at humor. Thanks to everyone else too. I had no idea that...
How is this one different from the slightly expensive 13$ one http://www.amazon.com/Dayan-ZhanChi-3...
when will it be delivered?
Does this cube come in pieces that you have to assemble?
Is it typical for the center pieces to pop off constantly? Any trick to keeping them on?
is it usual for the cubes to fall off after only a few minutes of use?
What age is this good for? My son is 6 but loves the old style cube without much difficulty.
How do I reassemble the cube?
I've seen many different answers to the same question on here, leaving me quite confused. So, does it or does it not make a noise like on the tv show?
Where can I buy batteries for it? The light is finally dimming after a year. I'm in the US.
Would this be bright enough for my daughter to take to camp on time travel week to use to find the restroom (or if the power went out in the house)?
I noticed it has a cap that can open up on the bottom, what is under the cap?
Can it open up at the top by pressing a button, like in the show, or does it just stay closed?
Is it made of metal
Does it light up? and make sound? and does it come with batteries? if not what size are they?
does this item have the spring loaded extending action?
Does this include batteries?
are the batteries included
Where can I find a manual pump as there wasn't one in the box. thanks!
Can I use this for a community fair on pavement?
What Ages Can Use This Ball ?
why is there no patches in the box
Can you get inside of it and crawl? Like a hamster ball.
Can you use this outside in the winter? I would like to buy one for my niece and nephew but would like them to enjoy it for Christmas. Thanks!
Would you use this on water like in a small inflatable pool? I'm thinking of getting a 6' x 10' pool and having kids roll in that??
are the holes opposite each other? Wanting to know if it could be "worn" with the feet sticking out the bottom and head the top for a halloween costum
i have a question about the dress. does it have sleeves and does it somewhat resemble the movie?
Is this purchase for the rapunzal doll with pascal(cameleon) and longer hair as described -OR- the doll that is pictured??
Two different dolls are shown.The first(the one I want) has a very long braid with iridescent strands,then one with shorter hair and a sparkly dress.Which will I get?
There are 2 pics of a doll, one with pascal and a long sleeve dress, and one w/o pascal and short sleeves, which one are you selling? or both?
does she pee
is her hair glued if so with what
does she come with a pacifier
Is she a reborn doll?
does she. come with a bottle
are the hands and legs hard as a rock
does it come with some dipers
what does her stomach look like
What is the appropriate age level for the 3 piece set?
What type of solder is required or is it included?
Is this kit all-in-one? Does is require soldering?
how big is it ?
why does it say 'Disney' if it looks like a knockoff rather than the genuine peas in a pod?
What color are the peas? green or yellow?
How soft it is?
Will they hold about 50 of the cheap pirate coins?
Are these bags large enough to hold 20 dollar coins?'
What material are the bags made of?
how big is it
What color of paintsdo u need?
is it a bath toy
what is bear size??
Does he only sit, or do his legs straighten out
Is he partilly stuffed with beans?
Does Philbin come with BEAR alphabet blocks it is pictured with?
Is the bear really made in the USA?
Is his nose soft or are there any plastic pieces for his nose/eyes? Thank you
Has anyone washed this? I read that it can only be surfaced washed but I am trying to replace my daughter's lovey and it will need washing often.
Does anyone know how long this bear would take to reach New York?
How long does this bear take to deliver if it's simply standard delivery, because I can't seem to find where this seller ships from?
How much does this bear weigh?
Will it feet a traxas stampede?
Will this body fit the Traxxas TMaxx 3.3 Monster Truck?
is it water poof and 4wd
is it waterfroof
Are any wheels included in this set?
Are the pieces in this set the heavier pieces, with strong magnets, or are they the thinner ones?
Is there a difference between the 62 piece Designer set and the 62 piece set (Not Designer)? thanks
Which is the best set for a 3 and a 5 year old to share?
On the video it shows the use of templates, are they included in any of the sets?
Is there an idea book included with this set?
Do these work with Picasso set?
Magformers vs magnatiles Which one is better. I bought a couple sets of magformers but the sets are so small the kids get bored. Looking for a set that assorted things can be made.
We lovee this game but have gone through the cards quickly. Does anyone know if they sell extra packs yet?
What are some of the questions asked of parents and kids? Just trying to figure out if this would be appropriate for my 5 1/2 year old...thanks!
Can you confirm this is a 2 piece and not 4 piece table?
What are the demensions of the table completely assembled? Have to make sure it will fit in our room?
I have to get the table down narrow stairs to our basement. Can only do it if the leaves are separate from the legs on arrival. Is that the case?
Does this table fold for rebound play? I mean can you just fold up 1 side and play by yourself?
Can you remove the net and just use as a table?
so just to confirm this table can be folded completely in half for easy storage
is the table pre-assembled or is assembly required?
is the table Black? or dark green?
How tall is the table when folded, from the floor to the top?
Is there any sort of warranty on the table. One piece of the wood is splitting right down the middle.
What is the age and weight limit for this toy?
Can this be used on a carpet?
Does it have sounds for other instruments other than piano?
I would like to carry this along with me on a trip, so is it packable? Can it go easily in a suitcase?
Is there any indication of lead in this product?
Would there be any reason for the power not to work, even with new batteries? The product seems amazing, but no sound!!
can you plug it in and use electricity?
It says it is only 22 inches long, how long is this mat?
Can this piano mat plug into an mp3 player or ipad or speakers?
Is this piano mat in tune? Most similar products are out of tune.
Is there a usb cable with this globe? What is the warranty? Thank you.
Does this come with the 48 page booklet?
What is the packaging of this product that makes it 19 pounds shipping weight?
Is this the same product as Replogle Intelliglobe, jsold by Brookstone? Reviews cite poor construction for this but not for Replogle.
Would anyone be willing and able to post a video of this in action? None nearby, I'd like to see "intelligent" features b4 buying.
Does this globe teach the state capitals?
Any other interactive globe than Reglogle for 10 years and older? If so any preference ?
Any functional differences between the intelliglobe - one sold by Toy s r us (about $99) and this item and/or "intelliglobe deluxe"? Thank you! ?
What other features does this globe has compared to LeapFrog SmartGlobe? (Wanted to upgrade to electric globe with more info. But priced high)
does it light up
I wonder if this ball is in English and Spanish?? has a switch for the two languages??
Does the toy speak in spanish?
can it be turned off
My grandson is 2 years old. Is this an appropriate toy for him? He loves to bang things.
Where is this toy manufactured?
How old is this for?
What songs are on the phone?
how loud is the phone? I just bought one and I find it is playing very soft!
What size is this phone? Is it much larger than an iPhone?
what age group is thisgood for
what age group is thisgood for
What is the "remote" that some of the buyers here are talking about? If another toy,please list name and brand so I can look it up.
can you record messages
Is this toy BPA free? My son is teething and he puts almost everything in his mouth.
Hello, I wonder if the pronunciation of this product is only in English?
This toy comes with sound in Spanish?
Does the hug n giggle baby work with the Brilliant Basics stroller?
how tall is the doll?
Is it made in the USA?
This baby come African/American?
Does this doll come in blue?
Did the price of this doll just go up? I thought I saw it for $11.99 today.
Can you turn the giggle off for when the child is sleeping?
does it need batteries
Does the doll make more than one sound or just one laugh? How many different sounds?
Age appropriate for a 7 month old?
HELLO ALSO SPEAKS IN SPANISH?
WHAT IS THE AGE RANGE FOR THIS TOY?
How many batteries does it take
What is the age group?
How many words does this toy say in Spanish? Does it not have all of the features that the English setting has?
is it truly bilingual?
This toys also comes in Spanish or English language only?
Can you control volume in the toy? If yes, how many settings are there for the volume? and is there a silent mode with only lights and screen on?
as I buy this toy because the Spanish version?
is it a gold series truck the 1999
whats the scale
WHERE CAN I BUY 1000 OR 2000 PIECES Coca-Cola 1999 Holiday Classic Carrier??
what is the size of the Barbie doll
does this a walking horse pls?
Pre order: What are the dates for release of new products?
Can the dolls bend their legs to ride the horse?
HOw tall are the main figures -ie rapunzel? Do they fit into the boat? &amp; which castle so they work with?
Does this Flynn's arm fit the attachment for him to slide up and down Rapunzel's hair in the "Rapunzel's Magical Tower" set?
How tall are the figures?
Can someone tell me how tall are these dolls?
Can someone please tell me how long this car is? Some sites say 12" and some say 14" which is it?
Barbie and Ken beach cruiser: Are these full size dolls or minis?
are the arms movable. heard Ken's arms are frozen in one position and both dolls are 12 inch and come with the car, right
What makes this one $40 and the similar one $20?
Can you change the clothes on the Barbie Doll?
is the dolls are coming with the cruiser?
We REALLY don't want to buy Barbie dolls, but are having a hard time finding other dolls that are large enough for this dollhouse. Suggestions?
Is the box that is shipped the dollhouse box or is it a plain brown box ? It is a Christmas present.
can american girl dolls fit inside
What are the dimensions before assembly ? for shipping size
What are the dimensions before assembly ? for shipping size ...
Can you buy "replacement" furniture? I love the furn. it comes with but I am anticipating it being lost eventually and would like to have an extra set
What are the dimensions after assembly? Thinking about wall space in our granddaughters room.
What size dolls fit in top
Is there a minimum age and/or height requirement to play with the dollhouse? It would like to give this for my 3 year old niece.
Does the dollhouse have any sounds? Ex. "toilet flushing"
what kind of packaging doese it come in i order the fire truck and it only came in a plain brown box
What is the MHz? We have a school bus which is 27 MHz and want to get another vehicle to use with it. The MHz is written on the bottom of bus.
I purchased this for my son and it has no range. He has to be 2 steps behind it for it to work..is this normal or is it a defect?
Prompt box size?
What age is appropriate for this doll?
Do Adora dolls have open close eyes?
is this doll glass
is this doll glass
how big is she standing up?
Do the arms and legs move and straighten for actual play?
does he have full arms
Are her arms and legs vinyl or cloth? Is she in a long, closed, pretty pink box, or the display boxes with the clear plastic see-thru front?
does she have a cloth, soft body? what does vinyl bean bag bottom mean?
Prompt box size?
What age is appropriate for this doll?
Do Adora dolls have open close eyes?
is this doll glass
is this doll glass
how big is she standing up?
Do the arms and legs move and straighten for actual play?
does he have full arms
Are her arms and legs vinyl or cloth? Is she in a long, closed, pretty pink box, or the display boxes with the clear plastic see-thru front?
does she have a cloth, soft body? what does vinyl bean bag bottom mean?
Does this model comes with a landing gears?
Does teh boom deploy at all?
My question is, is this DC-10 tanker comes with hoses for Refueling?
Hi do you ship to Greece?
Is the head still attached to the body using only the thin material from the dress or have they fixed this in the new version?
How do I order the disney tangled baby doll in white dress?
Hi, there seems to be two variants of this doll, how can I get the disney princess one with the cute chameleon and not he one with tangled logo?
Will these skates be OK on inside hardwood floors?
of course we use shoes with the skates. but they are very very wide. even when buckled and adjusted properly the shoes still move. why so wide?
what is the smallest size they will fit?
can a two year old use them...2 1/2 yrs. old actually
Is there a weight limit on the skates?
can we use these skates on roads as wheels are made of plastic?
Are these a good gift idea for a four year old? As I see a lot of reviews for younger kids ages from like one to three.
Does your local skating rink allow you to use these on their rink floors? We'd be going to a rink, not outside.
Can children actually "skate" (glide) in these, or are they basically walking?
What is the proper age for these skates?
How big is it?
Does Emily work on the trackmaster
does take n play fit regular thomas tracks?
Hi! Can someone let me know how big it is? Thank you.
what does he sing??
does he come in original box
what kind of batteries does it take?
Is there an on/off switch?
What age group is this toy for?
Hi! this toy speaks Spanish ???
This item come with box the same as picture of this item?
How tall is it?
how do you clean it?
I saw a comment about the bladder not filling out the outer cover very well. Was this just a faulty one, or one tht was not inflated fully?
Is it washable as in machine washable? Is the cover fabric or plastic?
do you have a 48" basketball?
Assuming that it eventually gets a hole in it is their a repair kit available? What's the cost?
Does this ball come with pump?? Thank you.
What kind of tip do these have? I am wanting something that will make dots.
will they work on cloth? like a bed sheet I wanted doodled..
Can these be used on car windows?
are they washable?
age
Whats the difference between the "Frosted" Ruff N' Ready and the "Crystal Clear" sheets? I'm unsure which to buy.
Can I use colored pencil on these? Will it take the color?
What type of varnish, etc., can I paint over the finished product so it doesn't disappear with use?
does this product have rough white backside to color on
Does this go through a printer
was your shrinky dink mailed to you via media mail? how long did it take to arrive?
can you use this in the computer printer?
Is it printer compatible: Does anyone know if I can use this product in an inkjet printer?
was wondering if the shoes would fit an Adora doll
Are they pink or white?
Would these fit my disney animator collection doll?
Are these made out of real rabbit hair? Have the skins been treated to not develop a stink over time?
Would these fit a My Twinn doll or would they be too small?
would these fit the 15" Bitty Twin doll?
Would these shoes fit Madame Alexander Favorite Friends 18 inch doll?
Hello, what a great items you sell!! Please, do you also ship the bunny slippers to the Netherlands?
Do these fit Chatty Cathy? Thanks
Would these fit the Our Generation Mary Lyn doll?
This is a round case, correct? Many reviews refer to the item as a backpack.
How many cars with the inside ? one Hundred or one
The description says back pack but the actual picture of the item I do not see where it states it is a backback. Any help in this?
Is there something in between the lanes to keep the cars in their own lane?
Is this vinyl? Plastic? Nylon?
How many cars with the inside ? one Hundred or one
My son just got this in the mail but the straps for the backpack do not seem to be included. Am I missing something?
Will the Hot Wheel motorcycles fit in this pack?
I have bought this and it has been in "Preparing for shipment" for 3 days, how long does it normally take to be shipped?
For a 1/100 scale, how tall is the figure alone in upright position? I'm planning to get one but I'm still choosing between PG 1/60 and this MG 1/100.
is this an mg?
This order doesn't include H part in it, what can i do?
is it metal sword?
Does this come with the stand?
Other than price, how is this different from http://www.amazon.com/Gundam-MBF-P02K...
is this the 30th anniversary box version like in the photo?
so this kit includes the bow, as shown in the pictures?
can you please tell me the size opf the chipmunks? Some TY's are 4" and sime are 7-8" tall. I'd like to know before I purchase these. Thankyou.
Each Chipmunk is about 7inches tall? Just want to clarify b/c some of the mini's that I have seen are only 3.5inches. I'd like to know this before I
Do the Chipmunks beanie babies have all of their Ty tags with them? and or are they all Ty brand beanie babies?
what size are the chipmunks in the Complete Set of 6 ? Are they 8" like the individual ones I'm looking at ? Thanks
Will these figures fit into the official Bob the Builder talking vehicles (size approx. 5"-7")?
How tall are the figures?
How tall are these figures and what year (and where) were they manufactured?
is the one you are selling version 2?
Is these second version H2511?
is this version 2 of masterpiece rodimus?
Is this version 1 or 2. i know it says 2 in the description, but i've seen that before and it was actually version 1 that was being sold
Hello. Are These Figures 7" Or 6" Inch Figures.
Does it come in closed package? (new)
Hello, Are These Star Trek Figures 7" Inch Or 6" Inch.
We tried to charge it, and it blinks green for about 10 seconds, stops, and doesn't charge, and won't start. What might be wrong?
how long is this
need down load of instruction manual for double horse 9053 rc helicopter
i just got 2 of the 9053. my son is 11 and can fty them all,i was hopeing, that we can have fuh whit them, i ges what am bib ok biying them.yes or no
Cars Wheelies are about 1.5 x 3 inches. Will this product work with the Cars Wheelies
Can anyone can tell me the exact dimensions of the cars that fit this speedway?
I want to extra cars for tihs speedway. how can i get these?
Will this product work with Cars wheelies?
hi! do the die cast cars fit here?
how big is it in cm or inches?
I want to buy more vichcle for this spiral speedway. I have only 2 vichles. Those are not enough. I scare to miss thess vichles.
Are there drains/plugs on both sides of the table? I've read conflicting answers.
hile waiting for delivery, I'm looking for an umbrella to use. Any one have experience/advice re: an umbrella to use with this water table?
What are the dimensions of the assembled table? Is the height adjustable or fixed?
How many pounds of sand does it hold?
Can the legs be easily removed for storage?
can both compartments hold water only ?
how many fish are there
"killifish" just means ditch fish. What species of killifish?
what kind of fish?
What kind of water do I need to use?
Would the fish eggs survive shipping to Alaska in December/January?
can i just order the eggs and food. after all it seem like u have to buy the small tank and then u have to buy the eggs separately so in truth this isn't a complete kit.but two separate items.
Are the drum heads on this sturdy, like real drum heads? Or are they thin, more toy-like?
would be a starter set for my 11 yr old
Does it have actual drum acoustics or does it bang with a dull, toy thud? I'm afraid to get it and then go crazy with the noise.
What age group is it for?
How tall is the stool and can it be raised?
I have 2 left hands- I am unable to put things together that takes a lot of work... Are the instruments already assembled? What tools are required?
how big is the packaging?
what is the size of the constructed drum set/how much space does it require?
is it too small/young for an 8 year old boy?
Is the height of the drum set adjustable?
Does the globe have to be connected to a computer to work?
Does the globe light up?
sOWA THE GLOBE LIGHT UP
Does this globe talk?
Intelliglobe: There are two "Intelliglobe"s listed on Amazon's site - one with a black base, one with a white - can anyone tell (or know) the difference in the two?
would it prove frustrating for a 5 year old who is not reading really well yet?
Hey, does this globe light up?
is it fast
does it come with rechargable batteries?
Can two cars run together, infrared has problems...?
can it turn or just go striaght?
frequency? Hello, can anyone tell me the frequency of this ricochet?
What are the dimensions of the vehicle?
Could someone measure the length of her foot and how wide they are? I have purchased the doll for my granddaughter, but we are having her pic taken with the doll and a matching dress. Trying to buy white shoes to match my granddaughters. Thanks!
does this dolls dress light up like the ariel one, and does she talk?
Does My 1st Disney Princess Toddler Doll - Belle have the reflective eyes?
I am looking for a doll that has good hair for styling &amp; brushing, that doesn't end up in a tangled mess. Does this doll work for that?
Is it a good doll for a 5 or 6 year old or for younger children
Which seven great cities does the game use? Is there any educational benefit to learn any world history?
Any reason this game would be inappropriate for experienced game players age 8 &amp; 10?
Is this REALLY only a 30 min game?
Does this game require writing in order to play? OR is it possible to keep score without writing? Thanks.
Friends i&acute;ve seen copies that have instruccions in various languages including spanish, do you have copies with spanish instrucctions?
It says it's for 3 to 7 players but I see reviews that say 2 players. Is it possible to play with 2 people?
Card sleeve size: It would be nice to sleeve them, does anyone know what size sleeves these need?
Is this a game that the whole family can play at once, or will kids be overmatched by adults?
Sounds like the rules are poorly written. What's the best way to get a better set of rules so you start on the right foot?
Is there any witchcraft, curses, etc in this game?
How big is it
Would I be able to actually take the child shopping and allow him to put light items in the cart
do the wheels turn
Does the cart fold
Is the made of metal or plastic?
How to assemble cart.
How big is it?
What are the dimensions?
how long is the shiping
How fast does it go?
Does the handle on this reverse so that the doll can be facing away from the child pushing the stroller?
Does this stroller fold up?
what size doll length can fit. Will it hold an 18" AMerican Girl doll?
What is the 5 in 1 part about?
What is the 5 in 1? I cant tell from the picture? is it just the bassinet style seating? Or does it turn into a regular looking carriage?
how tall it is
what is the highest height the handles raise to
does anyone know if it will fit a 20" doll???
how tall is the handle? how high can it go?
Does this have rubber wheels or plastic wheels?
Does this fit an 18" doll?
There are no dimensions. Can someone please tell me how tall the handle is from the floor? And how wide it is? My daughter is tall. Thanks!
Does this xmitter support wireless trainer capabilities?
What is the range on this product?
DOES THIS ITEM COME WITH RECEIVER??
does it bring a reciver
Is this compatible with Futaba servos? Or any other brand of servos?
is this compatible with the spectrum dx5e
what is the rainge of receiver
Is this receiver OK for a 3 ch park flyer? What is its size and weight? Thanks!
Is it compatibile with FAAST
Will it bind with a Traxxas TQ R/C remote? If not, whats a cheap alternative?
I have a redcat rock crawler, and want to expland my slot capacity to make room for cooling fans. Will this work on an rc truck from redcat as well?
What a the dimensions of the engine and cars?
Is this set compatible with the M &amp; D figure 8 track?
how big are the little pieces (milk cartons, etc.)? thanks!
why does it say "Rejects from Studio" behind the name?
Are there magnets commenting them?
Does this train work on Ikea wooden tracks?
Does the train fit on most standard train tracks?
In what country is this toy manufactured?
can this train run on the Melissa &amp; Doug Classic Wooden Figure Eight Train Set?
What storage bag does this have?
Will 200 overfill a baby pool?
is this make a caina?
Can we order these in a specific color, like blue?
I just got it, but the package only includes, 178 balls. How can I get the rest of the balls? If its not possible, I'll return it.
is 200 enough for age range 1-3 yrs old in a square playpen size 38" x 38"? or should i purchase two of them? any thoughts? Thanks!
can these be washed or is there a little hole in them that water could get in?
How heavey are they?
if i order 200 bounce house balls will they arrive on friday?
I see these are phthalates free; are these balls BPA free?
Does she have a soft or hard body?
If I order this doll, will I get the Hispanic looking doll or the African-American looking doll?
Does she require batteries?
what do you mean (styles may vary)?
Does this doll talk?
how much inches is this doll
Is this doll Hispanic or African American?
Can the baby alive teething dolly eat food as well or only drink
can this doll go in the tub?
Can this doll talk?
If it doesn't eat why is it shown with the food and diaper pack in the "frequently bought together". Kind of misleading.
Size
The publication says that the item can be shipped outside the U.S., but I put the shipping address to Venezuela and he says it is not allowed. Can you
Can you change the batteries in the balloon? My daughter has worn them out!
How big is the Twilight Sparkle pony?
How big is the Twilight Sparkle pony?
Will this hold the American Silver Eagle 1 oz coin
Will this hold the American Silver Eagle 1 oz coin
Other brands seem to have paper inserts with circular holes of various sizes. Wouldn't that be better? Won't coins move around?
Will this hold the American Silver Eagle 1 oz coin
Will this hold the American Silver Eagle 1 oz coin
Will this hold the American Silver Eagle 1 oz coin
what is ment by 3 channel
Can this helicopter fly at my citys elevation of 6,600ft?
is this only an indoor plane. can you fly it outside
I was trying to find a charger on Amazon but couldn't find one specific for this helicopter. Any idea which one and where to get?
does it come ready to fly?
Is this the same as the battling 2 pack. We broke one and need a replacement?
Appropriate for a 7 year old?
Does the Viefly come with a charger?
Is this appropriate for a 4 yr old?
both great &amp; HORRIBLE reviews Nov 2012-jan2013. Could trouble be with the suppliers? please tell who supplied yours!
Are these single units for $28.95?
Is this product available in the U.K.
how many come in a pack?
Are the animals one piece or do you put them together?
Is the lego duplo my first zoo compatible with original lego duplos?
Baby zoo
Does this set work with Lego tables?
where is this product made?
Is the LEGO Duplo compatable with original LEGO's?
What is the size of the backboard?
Can the door close when the hoop is attached?
Does the hoop attach over the door or does it mount in the door?
can it be mounted on a wall?
What is the size of this backboard and rim?
Is this adjustable? Thinking of getting it for my almost 5 year old daughter who is about 42 inches tall.
does it hang on the wall
How do you inflat the basketball? I received no equipment
how does this mount? I want something I can hang on a closet door...
How does this mount?
can this mount on a wall? can this mount on a wall?
can you hang on it
What do you attach it to the wall or door?
Can the door hook be removed in order to mount this on a wall?
Will this make me get dates at walmart I am a bachelor and I need to get the attention of ladies with a magic trick like the Fushiki balls?
does it work?
what size are the fushig balls?
Hello, can you tell me if the Fushigi ball you are selling me is the clear kind? I don't want the kind that glows in the dark. Please let me know.
how dose it work
is it in gift box how it show in the picture?
Does this pool have a water drain plug or just an air drain plug?
I don't understand the size, the description says: 90" x 90" x 22" but then under it says 73" (L) x 71" (W) x 21" (H). Help?
Does this pool have a drain plug
how many three year olds fit into this pool?
Anyone know of a cover that may fit this?
Does it come with the pump to inflate
I want to know about shipping size? About size with box.
how many gallons
Can you fill this pool right to the top or is there a line of reccomended amount of water.? ..
Depth when full to top?? deep enough for one 8yr old to go under and stuff?
what is the size of these balls 2, 3 or 4 inches?
Will these work as replacements for the NERF ping pong balls?
Are these firm or more squishy? Looking for something to use for indoor tee ball practice. Is there any weight to them?
Could I cut these up and use for a model of earths interior?
how big are they?
So 3 come in a pack?
how well might these work for cat toys? would they hold up or tear up to easy?
can you use them as water balls to throw at others
Are these adequate replacements for the Nerf basketball hoops?
Do you get 3 balls with the order? What colors?
Do Barbies work
Did every house come without the refrigerator and bathroom sink? If that's the case I will buy them also.
What dolls do you use? I don't really want Barbies...and want something that can actually sit in chairs. Thanks!
Is the depth 7inches? Can it be assembled and then fit through a bedroom door?
What is the difference between this dollhouse and the so chic dollhouse both by kidkraft, they look identical but different in price?
Does this come with a remote for each or does the same remote work both?
Does it require helium purchased separately?
Are the Air Rangers &amp; Air Swimmers different? Which are better?
Do they each have a seperate remote? Thank you.
does it come with heleum
Hi, there are in different box? Or the same box both of them?
Can you use them more than once?
how big r they?
Are these set up on separate frequencies so both can operate without interferring with the other?
Do they come in separate boxes?
What age group is this suitable for?
Is it possible to improve the construction by using glue instead of the double stick tape and things like that?
Does it come with remote control?
I need two but they can't be the same frequency so they can play together, is this an option? Thanks!
Does this sing along cd player comes with a microphone? I dont see one in the picture or discription....
can you plug in earphones
can you use an ipod with this?
Where is the individual volume control for the microphone? Cannot seem to find it on the player, microphone or in the book.
does it have a microphone input?
Is the head breakable
what is the length of baby doll?
Can you move the baby's hand away from her mouth?
what does the doll come wearing, doe it have the outfit shown and hospital bracelet and is it 19 inches long and weight 3.5 pds
what does the doll come wearing, doe it have the outfit shown and hospital bracelet and is it 19 inches long and weight 3.5 pds
Can you buy additional food that goes with this register?
what colors are there
Is there a way to guarantee that the money comes in US dollars?
do all of the accessories shown come with it (like the water bottle and shopping basket)?
how big is it?
is the money in euros
Is it better to get the "pink" version or the "colors may vary"? It's $15 more for the "pink" version and it seems like it has more features. I have a 2.5 year old. Thanks!
Is there any way to guarentee a pink?
My daughter got this for Christmas &amp; locked the key inside the drawer. Does anyone know how to open it without using the key?
what age group is it appropriate for
How many printing plates come in this package?
what is the size of these plates?
Is this the 100 count 4x6 plates as pictured, or a set that includes rollers and trays as described? The picture does not fit the description!
How thick is each sheet? And what does each sheet (or pack of 100) weigh? I'm thinking of using these as a protective mailing insert.
Are these are any better than cutting down regular foam meat trays? I've always used meat trays-wonder if these have an advantage besides shape.
One reviewer didn't find that tempera paint worked wiht these. Our classroom would be able to use ink. Suggestions or comment on the tempera paint?
I'd like to order more than one package. Is the 4.99 shipping per order or per package?
Are you sure the list price of $115.32 is correct? It seems really high.
how many foam plates are in the package?
how can I mount these plates so I can use them as a stamp?
How many pages in each book?
I am confused, is it a pack of 10 or 100? Both are listed in the description.
Are the pages lined?
Are these hard bound or just paper stapled together?
How thick is the plastic?? Is it at least an 1/8th of an inch thick?
If I dropped this on the ground, would the halves split open or would they stay?
Does the material crack easily?
ship to australia?
Does this sphere have an opening that allows it to be filled or is it in 2 pieces?
How many are in the package for $6.55?
Hi I was wondering if the sphere had a lip at the top to potential hang, like an ornament
Can the item be delivered to Indonesia ?
how do they talk to 4 friends wifi or prerecorded?
is ok for 5 years old
Age preference
IS IT IN LANGUAJE SPANISH?
hello good afternoon, i am from venezuela and i need to know if that product come with different languages? spanish
Does it teach letter sounds?
does it come with batteries?
Is the sound louder when it is slid open? The we received is much louder when it is slid open and I'm not sure if that's a defect or not
how to increase the volume?
can you text
can it go on grass
Can I choose my color? I want to make sure I get 2 different ones.
does it come with batteries and can you drive it in water?
how many batteries does it take?
can you drive it in mud and water
whats the MPH on the Truck?
Can I plow snow with this?
does it have rechargable battery pack
what batteries does it take??
Anyone had this thing lurch forward without the remote in use--like a spontaneous burst of battery flow? In "B" seems to be the magic letter.
For the pages that are "color by number" are the numbers linked to a color suggestion (ie: 4 = yellow) or is it up to the "artist" to assign a color?
Can colored pencils be used with these books?
does it come with markers?
what is the true length head to toe? 3 questions asking for length with 3 different answers
What is the country of origin of the sock monkey?
I'm concerned about the eyes, whether they are buttons or embroidered? Can an active 11 month old rip the eyes out? It will be for his birthday.
Is this a blackish color or brownish color? We are wanting a blackish sock monkey.
are the eyes sewn or buttons?
I had a Sock Elephant as a kid. Are these available anywhere that you know of?
What are the measurements? How tall/long?
how tall is this monkey from head to toe? not including tail. Thank you
how tall?
Can it be washed?
does this work on a real christmas tree or only artificial?
How big are the cars?
Can this also set up on the floor around the bottom of the tree
What does the train operator say after the short run? Some of my room mates think he says Merry Christmas, other think he says Excellent Placement.
can i get a part,,, one of the brackets on the tree cracked or do i have to buy a new one
I lost the instructions. How do you turn it on?
Does anyone know where I can get train tracks for this item?
Just to verify.. This is a working train set that mounts in the middle of a christmas tree..
is this g gauge train set
would it be fun for 10 year olds
How is the speed? Is it worth it at all? I purchased on Groupon for $20. THANKS!
What are the dimensions on this item? Mainly the screen size?
Would a eight year old like it
The screen has vertical blank line across. How to fix or where to return?
can I use rechargable batteries
does it come with a mouse?
does this laptop come with a charger?
What size batteries does it use?
do these come in individual 4 packs (can use as party favors) or are they in bulk?
How do you make the lights come on?
I was wondering, does this actually come with FORTY NOT FOUR? I was looking at another brand that said 40 pcs but came with 4 pcs only.
Are the batteries replaceable?
Are the 40 pcs in packs of 4? So good for 10 kids?
Are they bright?
What are the dimensions of one of these finger lights, most importantly the diameter? I want to make sure they fit in a round opening for a project.
Do you feel that they are safe for kids over 3?
How do you package these for shipping? I just received some that were all damaged because they were placed in an evelope;
Will these lights fit into a plastic easter egg?
How big are the balloons...11"?
how many balloons in 1 pack
how many in package?
How many comes in a pack
would it be fun for 10 year olds
How is the speed? Is it worth it at all? I purchased on Groupon for $20. THANKS!
What are the dimensions on this item? Mainly the screen size?
Would a eight year old like it
The screen has vertical blank line across. How to fix or where to return?
can I use rechargable batteries
does it come with a mouse?
does this laptop come with a charger?
What size batteries does it use?
Does this house have a floor? Or does it stand alone?
what is the size when constructed... length, width and height, thanks
are there any decorations on the inside
does it come put together or do I have to put it together?
What is the age range for the color me play house?
how thick and sturdy are walls does it turn over easily?
Are markers included?
What is the country of origin?
What is the age recommendation for this play house?
What age group would be best. What do you use the tools on? Can you buy a project separately?
does the battery of the drill comes out
Does the drill go forward AND backwards?
Can I buy replacement battery packs?
Is there a workbench that is included?
What is the diameter of the opening?
do five dice come with all 4 cups?
Are these faux leather vinyl cups? It looks like several reviews state they didnt get the cups that were pictured here...
Are the dice a bone white color?
is the car fast?
what is the mhz for this car?
what is the mhz for this car?
What does the dinosaur do after it hatches? Does it just become an action figure after hatching or it's going to be like a real pet dinosaur?
what do you feed the dionsaur? Does it bite? I have 2 4 year olds and don't want the dinosaur to bite them...
when i received my package it was suppose to come in a box but didn't what are the instructions so i can let my daughter hatch her egg?
Is this the same as the Seedling brand dino egg? I have that and it works out pretty well for my kid, but I can't find that brand on Amazon.
The egg arrived broken and we were sent a sea turtle - not a dinosaur. Is this normal?
Is there any play value of the dinosaur once hatched, or is it more like the old mermaids that grow in water and are useless other then watching them grow? Does anyone have pics they're willing to share of the resulting dinosaur?
What dinosaur is it.
What exactly does this playlet include? Please be specific.
is there anyone else who bought this for there 5 and up kids? did they still seem interested in it?
What is the age range for this house?
Are there any lights or sounds?
Does it make any sounds or light up?
I bought this at a garage sale in perfect condition, But it didn't have all the extras Furniture, vehicles,People. Could I buy the extras separately?
Has anyone bought extra men for this set that are correct size?
Has anyone purchased extra people for this playset that work well?
Does this need to be set up on the ground or can it be played with on top of a train table? My son has no floor space but his train table is empty rig
what is the shipping dimensions?
I see the suggested ages, but would a two year old be able to operate this?
frequencies
how big is the car itself?
What is the weight?
Do Hot Wheels and other cars work ok on this?
Do the little people come out of their cars?
What are the colors of the 2 cars that come with this set? Can a 1 &amp; 1/2 year old pull onto the tracks since they just snap on without screws?
My daughter is not standing on her own. Is this toy sturdy enough for a baby to pull up on?
does it come in an original box?
Do the cars come with it?
Is it pink for the girls I am looking for that one
Way overpriced: Why is this product being charged so much?
Does it come w/ any balls for the ball pit? Or do you have to buy them separate?
Is there access directly to the ball pit? Or can you only get to the ball pit from the bounce area?
What. Is the age group
can anyone tell me how big the bounce area is?
are these cards the holo words and picture?
are there any more cards in the collection
can they be used in duels against friends? not tournaments?
the print on the card the print that says colletoys is that on the card?
how many cards do you get
do they each have their own color on the back of each card? example: obelisk is blue on the back ect....
I received my box from amazon today and this item that I purchased was not in there even though it said it was shipped! Please help me figure this out
does it say collectoys on the cards
My fiance collects YuGiOh cards and mentioned wanting the non-duel version of these cards. Is this what he's talking about?
are they real cards
Difference between Math Dice Jr and Math Dice? I have two kids, ages almost 10 and 4.5.
what ages is it for
how do you keep score (are there chips or something?) is it for one player or more?
Can one child play? Or do you need 2 or more players?
WHAT AGE IS RIGHT FOR THIS GAME ?
age bracket
Would Math Dice Jr. be good for a 2nd grade classroom? How many kids can play per game?
How are Math Dice and Math Dice Jr. different?
Does this set include the decorations featured? If so, exactly what decorative items does it include?
does it come with letter &amp; number stamp set
what are the mold shapes?
After mixing the cement do you wait awhile before doing the handprints?
My husband lost the actual instructions to this kit. Can anyone help me find out what to do in order to make them correctly? Thanks!
How long will it take to charge a 7.2 volt nicd batt pack? Thx.
Could this charger be MORE difficult to use ?
Does this shut off once the battery is charged?
Does this shut off once the battery is charged?
Does this model have the PC interface
does this unit do 35C 3S 11.1v 5000mah VENOM? 25C 2S 7.4v 5000mah VENOM? it seems so, based on these other questions andreviews.
will this fit the out put jacks? Neewer&reg; XT60 to 5.5mm+5.5mm DC Wire Cable for for RC Quadcopter Multirotor Power Supply/Receiver/Monitor FPV
will this plug work on this charger? Etekcity&reg; BAOFENG Car Charger Cable For BF UV-5R 5RA 5RB 5RC 5RD 5RE 5REPLUS
Dose it work for traxxas
Dose it work for traxxas
What type of A/C adapter is needed for this charger?
can it charge a Venom 20c 2s 5000 mAh LiPO battery and just as a bonus question, is that battery an ok fit for a redcat volcano epx pro brushless? tnx
will this charge a 11.1v 3000mah 30c lipo battery?(Blade 350 QX3 battery).
Can I use with a 7-Cell (8.4V) 3000mAh Traxxas Power Cell Pack?
We keep getting a Input Vol Err message when using an AC adapter to charge. Nothing in the Operating Manual discusses this error message. Do what?
can i use this to charge 14.8 V - 4 cell lipo batterys...?
Can it be used to charge 18V battery packs for cordless power tools like Ryoby, Dewalt, Bosh, etc? From a 12V battery 100Ah. Thanks.
will this charge a lipo 2700mAh 11.1 volt batt.
Will this charger work with these tiny batteries? http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004... I don't see a two prong socket on the socket board.
Will this automatically discharge li-po to 50% for storage?
Can you give me an estimate how long this takes to charge batteries? Say a 7.2v 1600mAh NiMH or a 7.2v 3200mAh LiPO
In the photos for this charger, one pigtail shows an EC3 connector and the other does not, does this charger in fact come with an EC3 connector?
does this product circumvent the 'chip' problem associated with charging makita 18v lithium ion batteries for power tools? E.G only the first cell is
Does the TB6-B have a discharge feature?
If I don't want to soder a tamiya connector to the unit---what type of connector would I buy??
Does it come with Traxxas connector?
can this be used to charge 3.7 v lithium battery of small rc heli like v911, hisky fbl100, nine eagle bravo?
Does this charger have the ability to measure and display internal resistance of individual battery cells? Thanks
Whenever I charge any battery I get the connection break error but as far as I can tell there aren't any breaks could it be defective?
Can you charge lipo's and NiCD's at the same time?
How fast does it go
the airplane is ready to fly?
What are the specs? not much info provided on this jet that I can see!
What does that charger do?
how many kw motor this plane have?
Does this tank fire airsof type projectiles?
does it shoot well?
Does it have Individual suspension on the wheels?
How long do the batteries last?
Can this tank turn a 360 degrees?
Does this tank have simple controlls?
rubber belt broke within 5 minutes of using toy--how can I get a new belt?
can it run on rough terrain?
does it fire
does this battery fit an x1 quad?
What is the max, safe, charge rate of these batteries? 2C? 3C?
can I charge this with the charge cable that came with my syma x1?
What are the physical dimensions of this battery? I need one that is 2-3/8 x 7/8 x 1/8 to fit my oticon hearing aid streamer.
is it good for a boat
what is the duration or flight time of the battery.
the dimensions goven seem way off. does anyone have the actual dimensions of this battery?
Is there a female end for either connection on the battery? Want to wire this somewhere else.
can this batteries be used in a udi u818a quadcopter
What are the dimensions of this battery?
would this work for the crosman r76? and whats the average charge?
does this fit in a src ak47c foldable stock aeg?
how long do i charge it for?
Does this come with wall charger?
I have a black ops AK-74 cottonmouth, and just wondering if this battery would fit my gun
I have a black ops AK-74 cottonmouth, and just wondering if this battery would fit my gun
would this fit a De ak-47 ??
how long does it take to charge
does this battery work with classic army fn herstal scar-l?
how long are these dolls?
I've seen these dolls on a couple of sites with different African American complexions. Are these dolls dark skinned, or medium brown skinned?
is this a boy and a girl or two girls
Do they have hair under the hats?
Do you sell outfits to fit these babies as well?
Can you make one a boy and one a girl? dress one in blue?
How far does this shoot?
How low can you put the price?
What darts work with this? I want to get extra ones. Will the universal n-strike suction cup ones work?
If there is no wind will it fire accurately
How many darts?
Does this item use ceramic or diamond stylus needles? I have heard that the ceramic needles ruin LPs.
Will this product record from turntable and cd to cassettes?
Does this let me pause to get "side 2" of lp or cassette if I use a 1x write music CD?
Can i plug in earphones to the
What are the dimensions 5in X 5in X5in referring to? There are other dimensions saying it is 19" long. Which is correct?
Does this unit have connections to allow the use of another, external turntable?
Will this turntable play 78s out of the box or do I need to buy a separate stylus?
Is the turntable arm fully automatic (from start to finish) and does it have a cueing lever/switch?
Does the unit have auto track change when recording or must you be there to do it manually?
can you hook up external speakers?
Once this table it put together, can it be taken apart and reassembled?
I know this says 120 piece train set......but of this 120 pieces, how many are just tracks and not "fillers'? TIA
How small are the pieces? Not sure whether the actual tracks &amp; trains would be choking hazards for a 19-mo old - we wouldn't use the other pieces.
Can you attach the train tracks to the table or do they have to remain loose?
are the trains electric? if not, are there some compatible ones that i can buy? thanks
Does the entire train set fit into the drawers?
how many trains does it come with?
Can the wooden table be spray painted in some other color?
Are the edges of the drawers and table pressed wood, with a rubber edging going around the sides? Or is it solid wood that is rounded.with
Do the tracks work with the Thomas the tank trains and tracks?
Do you have to hold the button to keep it on?
Is the blade supposed to light us as well?
What is this sword made of? Is it stiff so that a child could get hurt?
How long are the swords - didn't see the length in the spec data?
What kind of batteries does it use?
I want to order a large quantity but notice the shipping is outrageous. Can you combine shipping since they are all being sent to the same location?
Anyone able to successfully replace the batteries? When I try to open the battery compartment it sticks and if I force it it breaks and won't close. UPDATE: FIXED - see my comments in the answers.
Does this version come with a cloth bag for the pieces, or just the box?
How long does your typical game play last with an average player?
Can you play with more than two people?
how big exactly?
Has anyone bought these for the 15 inch American Girl Bitty Baby?
can it fit on 18" my life as madam alexander sales at walmart ? i am need help me. mY doll is buying from walmart. ( i do have the doll in swimming cloth and the doll in rose pink cute dress .both are same brand. thanks for all your help me . i need to...
It is Big Barrel?
Will this bat be legal for the 2013 season? Or is this a 2012 bat and Easton will have a new one for 2013? Please advise. Thank you!
good afternoon this bat is number 29? thatis the length of the bat is 29?
Does it have a BPF less than 115? (Very important to be legal for little league)
this is for kid ? 32inch.. Thanks
is it awesome
is it a composite
is this bat legal for little play in 2014
How many jokers are in a pack?
Are KEM Cards no longer american made?
Hi. Are you sure that there is only one joker in each deck? : I am a Kem user for more than 30 years,and other sellers say tha teach deck has 2 jokers
Can you use these for poker
Does the deck include the 2 cards that have all the letters and numbers for ordering if one is lost?
I gave my brother some and he was fine but my dad is worried, what are the ingredients or where can I find whats in it?
How do I get the cap off?
How do I get the cap off?
What are the ingredients in this product
do you have to give the person the whole bottle or can you give only half of it
do you have to give the person the whole bottle or can you give only half of it
how big is the bottle of powder?
Does it say takara tomy I need to know
Is it strong
Are there blades that will pop out from the sides when it spins?
does it have stickers?
can it change modes?
Are all the stickers there like the flames and face?And are they already attached?
Dose it come with stickers and dose it come dessasembled?
If this does not light up, What is the light launcher it says it comes with? Thanks for your help!
how long does it take to ship to usa maryland
Does it say takara tomy on the box
isthere any lead in this toy
It says "Launcher included", please confirm?
is it goo for fusing
Why does it say "imported from Japan" by the main photo, but "imported (china)" in the product description? Where is item really from?
which variares did it beat? takara tomy or hasbro version?
what is it?
is it hard to put together
do I need to buy anything else to make this work? What would be something good to buy with it?
can it defeat diablo nemisis
Appropriate for an 8 year old?
What is the interior dimensions?
Does the box come with instructions just in case the recipient can't figure it out?
Is the pattern on the box in-laid or is it a sticker?
Is this product 1:5 or 1:10? It is advertised as 1:5 but in the discription it reads 1:10.
18 inches long,that's not 1/5 scale is it? Because my 1/10redcat truck is about that long? Why is advertised as 1/5 scale?
How fast does it go?
can you run 2 at the sametime
How long is this item from the center to the left side? Is it 36 inches total (but bent) or 36 inches per side?
What is the dimensions of the box this comes in ? Thanks
Does anyone have a picture of the back? is it a finished back or could i put this in the middle of the room? if someone has a picture that would be gr
shipping cost
How big is the pirate ship after it is assembled?
Does it come with the sword?
Does the boat have a floor?
Can you fold it up for storage easily after its built?
Does the boat have a floor?
Does this stroller fold up? if so, is it compact?
the photos aren't consistent: does the seat change positions or is it just the handle? the swivel wheels seem to be in both spots, so i can't tell
One swivel wheel is bend. Making it annoying noisy and hard to push for my 3 year old. Does the company offer replacement parts?
Are they rubber tires?
Does the doll stroller fold up?
Are there three or four wheels?
Does the hood open and shut and come forward?
what dimensions does it have?
How high is the handle from the floor? I see it for one year old to motivate her to walk outside with her dolls.
would my one year old be able to each this handlebar?
My daughter is turning 8... Is this stroller too small????
Is the handle bar height adjustable? It would be for my daughter who is turning 6 but still loves her dolls! :)
Does this stroller fold?
do these work with the Air Storm Z-Bow?
Are these arrows compatible with the Zing Air Hunterz Z-Curve bow?
Could these arrows work for a typical dart game without the bow?
Are these suction cup arrows compatible with teh Zing Air Z tek bow?
are these suction cup arrows compatible with the Zing Zip Back Bow?
is this a fun game for a 8 year old?
what is size of these bags?
are the bags coated (glossy) or plain paper?
Will these bags fit regular sized water bottles?
Is tissue paper included as shown in the photograph? Roughly enough for the 60 bags &amp; complimentary color assortment if so? Thanks in advance!
Are these bags made of plastic or paper?
Does this bag fit something that is 61/2X4X4 item?
The description states there is 5 Dozen - print bags with handles.. So I will receive 60 assorted bags? Correct? I just want to make sure prior to place my order.
will a cd ft into bag?
It does not have the small tags where we can write the names,right??
When it is set in music mode does that sound of someone start the foam show OR does it have to be hooked up to a music source?
How big is this?
do i need to plug this into anything for it to react to music?
When plugged into my computer, it doesnt respond to the computer's sounds. Is it suppossed to not be responsive to the audio jack?
How tall and wide is it?
is it bluetooth ? like does the music play out of it ? &amp; how well does it sound
Where can I buy a foam fountain? ASAP in desperate need....
Does it play music?
are these also speakers?
Where could I purchase some replacement foam balls?
Is it supposed to light up all the way or just the bottom section?
Is the lamp useful and fun?
Does it really change colors?
does the color match your mood?
Does the lamp come with different color pearls?
will the orbeez break in the lamp?
Does the Orbeez dry out? Do you have to keep replacing them or keep putting them back in water?
Is it safe as a nightlight?
Can two 18 inch dolls really fit in this jeep?
How does the car "go?" Is it remote controlled?
Is there a hitch on the back that can pull the camper?
Does this jeep ship in one piece or does it have to be put together?
Can anyone give me the dimension of the jeep. I'm trying to build a garage and want to make sure it fits. Thank!
What are the dimensions?
Did the cruiser come assembled?
Is it possible to remove the "Sophia's" sticker (or whatever it is) from the doors?
does the cast fit on an american girl doll? their legs are a bit larger than other 18" dolls...
I bought another brand and the wheels on the wheelchair do not turn. Does this one work well?
How long are the crutches, in inches? I need them for another crafting project, but they need to fit a specific space. Thank you.
another question about leg cast/ arm bandage- reviews have stated they did not work well/ or fit American Girl Dolls- thoughts?
I know this says it's for 18in. dolls but can Barbie and friends 11 in &amp; dollhouse dolls 6-7in fit as well, or will it be too large?
I was wondering, I just paid 21.95 for this same item @ Walmart...does yours contain something more or why is it so much more expensivve
Will the cast fit an Our Generation doll?
Does the wheelchair fold?
is this for babie? i need it for barbie
What is required for assembly? Any tools or glue? Didn't see anything about what's required to assemble. Thx!
does arm break easily?
What are the dimensions of this item?
Can it catapult an egg?
Where is this made
Where does this ship from?
Where could I find a copy of the directions?
What is the difference between H20 Ooh Lala and Color my Bath? It looks like they are two different products that do the same thing. Thanks!
Do these stain porcelain? We have an old tub.
What color is the water if you put all three colors in at the same time?
Approx how many red ones?
Why are there large and small tablets? Are the small tablets for the sink?
None of the tablets are red. Is this just a mistake .... or what?
Is there a scent to these?
Potty
robe
Random question: I need to have a water balloon fight where when someone gets hit, it leaves a color on their clothing. Will this work?
is it a 4 pack
How many boxes per order??
How many boxes do you get?
How many come in one package?
Does only 1 box come with order for 2.70?
will this charger work with 250mAh 3.7 batteries
Will this cable work with this battery? http://www.amazon.com/Tenergy-500mAh-... Thanks!
Will this charge my stock Syma X1 batteries? They are 1S 3.7v 350mAh Lipo with JST connectors.
Will this adapter fit the micro batteries used in the V911? How about the Flyzone micro planes? Thanks!
Will these fit the Blade Nano QX quadcopter? And fit the supplied QX charger?
will it work with mSRX ??
Do these work with the nano cpx?
What size are the squares?
How thick is the mat?
How thick is the mat?
How many bags of Legos are in the package?
Are 349 dollars?
Is this box sealed and mint quality
how many pieces
Is the box presentable enough to be given as a gift. Or can you send a photo of the box. This is the Diagon Alley set, I'm interested in.
Is the version listed on Amazon right now the newest (4th) edition of the game?
Once again, controversy answers. 4th edition or not?
How well does this game play with 2 players? Is it less interesting then 4 players?
As of October 2014, is this the first or second printing of the 4th Edition? The 2nd printing has the missing arrows on the board error corrected.
How do I confirm this is 4th edition?
Is there anyway of knowing wether this is the newest version?
Is this the 4th Edition?
are these labels dishwasher safe?
How many sheets of number stickers are there?
How tall are the actual numbers?
what is the shelf life of the battery?
does this have automatic shutoff? In case you forget it over night? :/
Can i use this to charge my Traxxas 2872 LiPo 3S 11.1V 5000mAh 25C Battery
Its works with 220 volts?
Can I use the Charger for a 7-Cell (8.4V) 3000mAh Traxxas Power Cell Pack with High-Current Connectors ?
How long does it take to charge a batteries? Is their a red indicator light showing that battery needs charged. Or a green light??
220v ?
How long does the battery last with and without the parallel connector?
how long does the charger out of the box take to charge the battery.
how fast does it go?? also is it 2.4ghz?
does this have slicks?
what color is it? shows green on one page and blue on the other
Does it have the controller
does this car come with a charger?
included is the charge for lipo? or only NiMH?
Its this the new model which includes the LiPo 4000mAh 7.4-volt Power Cell pack and a 2-Cell / 3-Cell LiPo Balance charger ?
i know it says rtr but when it says what you will recieve it says nothing about charger and battery and reciever. it comes with those correct?
I bought this toy specially cos gets 60mph. is that enoght with this batettery? Traxxas 25C 7.4V 2S 2-Cell 5800mAh LiPo Battery Pack
what's the difference between models 67086 and 67086-1?
Do i have to always go Balls out? or can i take a casual walk on the trails in my woods you know kinda just creeping over terrain.
another question,how many run time does it have with the stock batteries?and speed?
Good day, I wonder how many days you guys deliver this traxxas stampede that address in miami 1. Address: 6565 Collins Ave, Miami Beach, FL 33140, Uni
I got this car, what do I need to change because i got a 6400mah 11.1v 3-Cell 25C LiPO Battery.
Do I need two battery to run this car?
Does this come with a TQ 2.4GHz Radio System ?
Battery: does this truck come with a battery and charger
what is the best entry level model? We don't want something cheap, but we don't want to over spend. We were looking to spend no more then $250.
There are 4 different bodies which one will I get? Can I special order a body the car includes?
Does the lipo battery last longer? If so how much longer
I have a traxx slash vxl -3s and was wonder why it don't go as fast as it was when I first got it and its fully charged and I've only had it since aug
can you put 2 batteries in at the same time
can you put a 8.4volt hump back battery in a slash 2wd truck
How many batteries can you fit?
What's the email address for specific edition requests?
I see you have 11 Traxxas VXL 5807 RC Cars remaining. Would you happen to have the Mark Jenkins edition and if so how can I order that specific model?
you said styles and colors vary, so if i am buying the traxxas slash vxl model am i gonna get that or any model you guys have in stock?
how epic is it? :)
can we open the car doors, trunk etc?
how fast is it
How many and what type of batteries used?
how fast does it go?
is it has wall charger?
What frequency does this car use?
How far away from you can it drive before losing connection to the remote controller?
How fast dose it go?
how fast is it?
can to cars be run together . do they have more than 1 hmz
Can anyone tell me the inside dimensions of this wagon? (I'm looking to use it as a cart, to hold a large basket, as well as being a wagon for kids)
can I use this with my 3 year old and my 6 year old? looking for something to take on our Disney trip
Are the tires rubber or the hard plastic?
Looking for a quiet ride, are the wheels made of rubber?
Would it be safe to use this to take kids across the street, for a trip to the grocery store?
What are the dimensions of the box?
Will this roll in the sand at the beach?
Are there cup holders inside the wagon so the child can get his own drink?
what age up to of two children? Does it come as long as shown. Ad said something about (sold seperately)
Where can I order the bolt that attaches the handle? It was not in the box.
i am thinking of buying this just for the function what do you think? does it have good magnificattion?
What is the collapsed length and diameter? For childs comparison is it as big around as a C or D cell or smaller/larger of same?
I'm planning to buy this just for the box. Can anyone confirm the interior dimensions of the box for me?
Isn't it a telescope? Why can't I see something clearly through it?
what is the magnification? how many times does it magnify........ can you adjust the magnification?.......and what is the exact measurement?
The photos show the box to be spotted- it is a smooth quality finish? thanks
Can you actually see/focus out of it?.......or is it just for looks??
Can you use this to view the stars?
how much does the tail move?
What is the scale or size?
What is the actual size of the figure?
how tall / big is it?
does the barrels rotate by battery power and what are the dimensions
What is the approximate size? Is it full size or is it to scale?
does it shoot airsoft
is the gun plastic
how big is this doll?
how tall
Size of doll
I see that quite a few buyers have used Barbie dolls in this house but the furniture looks small for a Barbie doll. Is this the case?
What age range do you think this doll house would suit? My daughter is 3. Also don't want her to accidentally damage it.
What is the height and width of the dollhouse?
What are the assembled dimensions LxWXH? Is there decoration on the side not shown in the photo? Or is the side not shown unfinished?
What are the dimensions of the tent packed for shipment?
How many hats are included in the package?
Are these kid size or would they work for adults too?
Is this for one hat or a set of hats?
how many hats?
Does it come with a lid for storing the dice in the cup?
I want to use this cup to play Bupkis/Farkle/Garbage and it requires 6 dice. Is it possible to pay for an extra die?
Is it loud when shaking with dice?
What is the outside diameter of the cup?
What is the cup made of? I mean what is under the leather? Wood? Plastic? Metal? And the leather, is it real?
What I need is the specific measurement of a side on a die such as 19mm or about &frac34;" (typical for a casino die) or whatever it is for this set?
What size are the die?
I'm confused - do I get 12 elves for $28.46 or are they 12 inches tall?
How big are these elves?
Do they come off the rope? or are they attached?
Are they all together? Can I separate the Elves? Getting the Elves out of the rope? Thks
How many boys and girl come in the package? six boys and six girls?
WHAT IS THE HEIGHT OF THE ELVES?
Would this fit a 1/16 rally?
Would it fit a 1 10 traxxas slash ?
How tall are they
How much articulation do these figures have?
Why is Rocket Raccoon's eye jacked up?
Where is Gamora?
is this the future foundation or the version with clear ivisible woman
What is the height of these figures?
Is this the blue uniformed invisible girl or the clear? (sold by Amazing Plush)
What version you have available? Are gray suit or blue suit?
I was going to buy both Future Foundation and the regular costumes at once, which is the FF and which is the regular?
If i order this set am i guaranteed to recieve the white future foundation variation which is pictured?
How tall are these?
is this the white suit version or blue the pictures dont match
does it come with microphone
does it work with iPod
How do you display the lyrics on the screen?
Can this be used without connecting it to the tv?
I bought this machine and 2 cd+g. Is there a way to turn on the screen as I do not see the lyrics even though the source is at the "cd+g" location
Does it have a plug?
We have an iPod touch...can we use it with that?
can you play regular CD's on this?
does it come with a CD?
can you hook up a mp3 player to it? or does it just play i phone and i pod?
does it fold?
Is there a magnetic surface on this easel?
what comes with it?
Is the chalkboard easy to write on and chalk shows up clearly or is it one of those cheap plastic chalkboards?
is there a tray on both sides? one side is dry erase and one side is chalkboard?
Does this arrive inflated or deflated?
What is the diameter of the ball?
Can the ball be reinflated with an air pump (like a basketball or soccer ball)?
I need a ball I can hold with one hand (as an exercise prop. Would this work?
What is the diameter of this ball
Does it fly?
Are there doors that open and close on this? My son likes to put his army guys in everything.
Are the blades battery operated?
How does the winch/hook work? My almost three year old wants to be able to "rescue" a small person from a lake
What are the dimensions of the toy and what is it made of?
How long is this, and how is the propeller a manual spin?
what material is it made of?
hI , Do you have stock of this article? I will be in NYC for more than a week, which is your shipping estimate time?
HI, Shipping estimate? I am in NYC. Still having stock?
Hello, this product is JP or HK version? Thanks.
Hello, this product is JP or HK version? Thanks.
IT HAS A METAL ARMOR?
How much does it cost shippig to S.Korea?(omegamon+Imperrial Dramon)
how big is it
How much does it cost shipping to Canada?
How much shipping free to Canada?
Can this item be shipped to Canada?
Is the stand articulated or just a static stand?
Hello there. Is the figure durable?can the chromed parts getting rust?
What are the dimensions of the KidKraft Vintage Kitchen?
How tall is counter height? My almost 6 year old loves to cook, thought this would be great for him. Do legs remove so I can build platform?
Does it include any pots or pans?
is this made of wood or plastic?
Where is it made?
Is this too small for a 6 year old? Would she be too big?
HELLO! I need to know the measures of the shipping packages? How many packages? measures? length, width, hight of each package?
would this be fun for a 4 or 5 year old? my daughter is 3 now.
Has anyone found the knobs/handle easy to pull off?? My daughter will pull on anything and stick it in her mouth!
Does the white get dirty easily and if so is it easy to clean?
if i get this transmitter will it work for ant rc car or truck i buy any?
Does this have the port required to connect to my googles for headtracking fpv?
Would this be good for an scx10 for easy use with lights and possibly winch?
How are the other two channels operated? I need a separate channel &amp; servo for shifting. I'm unsure how this pistol style reciever can do that?
Is the 3rd or 4th channel capable of a three position switch I'm running a punk dig in my crawler.
can this be use flawlessly with boats? and is there any chance i can get a waterproof servo to be coupled with?
This radiotransmitter works well in a traxxas rustler VXL? Tks for any support
Can you use this RC plane in Indian subcontinant to charge the Lipo Battery with a 220 volt input?
What transmitters could I bind this plane to? I have a Spektrum DX6 and Hitech.
I just got my plane and the prop and spinner looks bent down. Is this normal, should I return it? Thanks
Does this come already painted, or basic pre-painted white? Thanks
is it rc car
is it a rc car
Is it RC ?
do u need glue
is it a kit
What is the size?
Do you have to alter anything to get this to fit on a Stampede 4x4, or does it just go on with no problems?
Hi guys, will these bolt right up to my slash platinum? Also will it work with my aluminum carriers if not can I fit them some how? Thanks
do these work on slash 2wd?
Are the plastic parts necessary or can I use Traxxas, RPM and STRC parts I already have?
Can this be used on the Rustler VXL? I'm looking for better axles.
What do you do with the black hose that is attached?
Does the barrel portion spin? My nephew wants one that spins.
Can you put sand in the cement mixer? My son would love a mixer with a large opening so he can pour lots of stuff into it.
Does it have water capabilities. Doesit
Is this metal or plastic?
Are they plastic or metal?
Are they plastic or metal?
what is the difference between this cement mixer and the Bruder MAN mixer that's blue and white?
Does this have water capabilities, can you attach cement extenders to each side of the truck, does the front part of truck open, does truck turn?
I give up. What size IS it???
what are the dimensions of this cute horse ?
Does $34.95 buy both of the horses or just one? Please answer asap so i can send in an order.
hi are these individually packaged like in the picture? i would like to use them as party favors. thanks
Can this be rinsed or washed? I teach elementary art and my students love using this during free time. It has since gotten discolored and looks gross.
Can Playfoam be used with playdoh molds and toys?
Is the gluten free?
Hello I purchased these and as much as the kids like them I am afraid to use them again. I run a daycare and they stained and left a glue residue on my highchair trays. I tried everything even goo be gone and it wont come off. Any ideas??
Are these packs resealable?
What size is each individual package! would you give one or two as a party favour?
what colors do you get?do you 20 different colors ort two of the same of each colors?these look pastel colors I hope I love those shades.
what is the age range?
What age is it for
How tall is the handle? My son is 46" tall and just want to be sure he's not too tall to use the handlebar?
what is it made out of?
Is there a trick to attaching the handle? The screws go through the base and through the board but doesn't screw into anything. Handlebar pulls up.
A reviewer complained the wheels don't turn well. Can anyone confirm whether the board actually turns like a regular board (by shifting your weight)?
the the wheels rubber or plastic?
Dumb question:does this thing come with the 4 screws to attach the handle?Twice now I received one without them!Feel it would have been mentioned.
Can we change the wheels after wear off?
How many cards come in the box?
can you buy additional cards
which game is better, reverse charades or rollick? They seem really similar from the descriptions. Thanks.
Is this game good for a 10 year old ?or should I buy the junior version?
Would it be possible to play this with a group of 20 people?
How long does a typical game last? How long till you run out of cards or words?
what is the game about?
How many people do you need? There are six of us. Is that enough?
How strong really are these things.. Got a camera for christmas and I was wondering if it would be possible to use these on a helmet for skiing?
Would this mount work on a rifle scope?
How many mounts come in one order? Is it just one or ist it 5 as displayed in the picture?
I am interested in ordering the curved GoPro mounts and the shipping time shows at least 17 business days. Is this correct?
Are these GoPro OEM mounts or aftermarket?
Do these mounts work for other action cameras? I have an Emerson Go Action.
does this come with 5 mounts?
when you set it up as it is on the picture what are the measurements ???
Why is it evryday I look at your product it goes up $10.00 it started at a little over a $100.00 last week? Really?????
Can the trains be pushed around the track manually? Or do they only run when automated by battery?
does the train run by itself?
does this work with regular thomas tracks from the non-electric sets?
how many minutes long is the timer?
I need 70 of these by 8/20/14. Is that possible?
What are the dimensions for these liquid motion toys?
This says it is recommended for ages 12-15. That seems quite old, is this really the recommended ages? Is age 12-15 printed on the packaging?
I need three but in three of the four different colors shown. How do I indicate that in my order?
Hello if I were to buy 2 can you guarantee 2 different colors?
Is this made out of glass or plastic? Can we chose our colors? And the liquid received will be clear liquid with two different colors right?
Has anyone ordered on of these and it came with mold in it? I purchased a similar item and it was loaded with nasty mold.
Is this made of glass or plastic?
can these toys be shipped in airplane or not ?
Dose it have the spot for your extra deck
Dose it look just like the picture
Can anyone tell me what yugioh card sleeves they use but still fit 50 cards in the deck zone
Can anyone recommend yugioh card sleeves that will fit in the deck zone monster zone and spell/trap zone but with 50 cards
Will 50 cards still fit in the deck slot the monster slot and the spell and trap slots if u have the sleeves that look like the actually yugioh cards
One more question the part where you put the monster cards and the spell and trap cards will they still fit with sleeves on theam
Can the part where you put your deck hold 50 cards but in sleeves
Does anybody know about the THIRD slot? In a the reviews i only heard about TWO slots. The third one is a bit secret. It is right under the field zone
Does this come with the Promo Cards on the cover? Can someone answer this please?
Is it in English or Japanese?
About how many tracks and vehicles does this set come with?
I should have asked...what is the length and width of the set when assembled as it is in the display picture?
Are the pieces grooved on both sides like they are on the Brio sets? It allows the curved pieces to be used in 2 directions rather then just 1.
What's the difference between these and the Conductor Carl set? They look identical.
Is this shipped in an Amazon box?
Are the buildings all one piece, or are they blocks that need to be stacked together?
Are there any motorized engines sold separately that are compatible with this set?
How do the train cars hook together?
Are engines motorized?
Are engines motorized?
Does the hair actually fall out?
Does anyone know how to untangle this doll's hair!?!
Does it sing?
what is the weight of the dolls box?
if i brush her hair will it get out or not,and is it worth buying for?
how tall is this doll/
Is this doll soft bodied?
What is the size of the bags
how many bags do you get?
how many bags are in the order
How big are these bags
How many bags
How fast does it roll? does it run away from very beginning walker?
are the wheels rubber?
Is it true the walker is to low for a tall baby? like 29"
Who makes this toy? Where is the location of the company?
How long if ever it took your baby to be able to turn the cart towards direction he wanted to go?
Does this toy tip over if toddler puts too much weight on the handle (from the front, back or turning it)?
beginning quitar for 15 yr old
Does it have the reinforced neck? (adjuster inside at bottom of the neck)
Does the guitar arrive strung &amp; ready to play?
Could someone please tell me where this guitar is made?
Are the strings steel or nylon?
what age good for this guitar
Does it have knobs or something to attach the strap it comes with? Somebody said it did not or it only had one?
Does it have enough frets to play all the chords? One of the reviews says it can't play the C chord. Also, does it have nylon strings?
What is the size of this guitar?
Does it have amp plug
size
how big is the bear?
How big is it?
How many inches?
How big is it?
Does this playhouse have the little sink and stove top inside, doorbell, etc.?
play cabinets for ploay house
Where is it made?
can you have it assemble?
out of all the styles of kid craft dollhouses, which is best suited for regular sized barbie doll with ample room
I need to get this on a plane unassembled. How large is it in the package? How heavy?
Does the furniture that comes with these KidKraft dollhouses fit barbie?
Does this doll house have any sounds?
does the package come with a picture on it dont want to ruin a surprise
Has anyone bought this within 2014? Looking to see if this years still has the quality before i buy
Formaldehyde free?
Would 7 yrold almost 8 still enjoy this?
does it come with furniture?
can you give me examples of what is on the cards?
does it have inappropriate words
I'm torn between this version and the younger version for family of four with 13 &amp; 15 yr old boys. Opinions?
Sadly most of my friends/family don't speak english, can this game be played by spanish speaking people? or is there a spanish version?
What ages? Is it appropriate for nine yr olds?
Do you need even groups to play this game or can you have an odd number of people?
do they sell extra sets of cards?
Are there any blank card included to add your own words?
Good for 15 year olds??
does this kit have the parts for the 1701A build included ??
How and where is power supplied to the lights? Thank you.
Is lighting kit included? If not where do you get it and how much? What's different between POL808 &amp; POL880 1/350 kits?
What colors of paint do I need to buy?
How many parts are in this kit? Not that I'm concerned about "too many," just debating if I should purchase this or the NX-01 1/350 first.
were can i find a motor for the bussard i had one break
Can you hang this kit from the ceiling, using fishing line or some other wiring?
1/350 Star Trek TOS Enterprise: Can someone give me an exact height, length, width of the finished kit? with the stand. Can the stand be shortened?
Does this set come with bridges?
Where are these made?
does it really come with all of this
most of the reviews say they didnt recieve the correct item, is the item being sold the items from the picture
does it come with the bridges
are the eyes open and close (sleepy eyes)?
Does her princess dress come off? If you can "change" her clothes, any recommendations on who makes decent clothes for a 14" doll? Thanks.
What is the size of the body of this doll? Is it like a short American Girl doll, or is it more like a skinny Barbie-type doll with a big head? Thanks
Can the hair be curled?
Larissa's hair in the photo looks "brunette." Is she a brunette (brown hair)? We MUST find brown-haired princesses in seas of blondes... :) Thanks!
does the crown come off or is it attached?
The plastic piece that runs down the middle of the top...can it be removed?
Is the cup holder big enough to hold a sippy cup or wider water bottle?
I am a 1st grade teacher will my students fit in this chair? The majority of them are six years old, but some are seven years old.
What is the maximum WEIGHT this chair can hold?
age range?
Where can I get more diapers like this one?
How big is this bag? Do the items that come with it just fit? or is there room for a few more things?
Does the diaper bag open into a changing station?
Would this be a good gift for an expecting mom at a baby shower?
Does anyone know what size babydoll the little cloth diaper fits/fits up to? My daughter has 12" and 14" dolls I'm hoping it'll work with!
Is the diaper bag cloth?
Does the diaper fit a baby alive?
Will the diaper fit an American girl bitty baby?
Manufacturer age is 36 months, but I'm trying to find "mommy" toys for my 18-month old who will be a big sister soon. Is this appropriate?
Does the wipes container open up so real wipes can be put in?
Is it 4 wheel drive
Can it go in grass and is it waterproof and is it four wheel drive
what is the size in inches of this car?
How long is the run time and is it rear wheel drive
What is the maximum speed of the truck?
Can someone tell me how tall these Disney dolls are?? The 7-pc. set?? TY
how tall are they
How tall do these dolls stand?
What size are these? Of what material are they made?
would this fix a 5 year old girl size 5T?
What size does it fit?
will it fit a petite 18 month old?
How big is the square potholder?
what is the material ?
Hi, do you provide shipping to NOrway? how much will it cost?
age
What is the actual size of this? Would it fit a 5 year old? The dimensions on the product can't be right, it would only fit a doll!
What is the weight capacity?
I'm looking for something to float down a river in a group with. Is there some way this can be tied to other floats?
Is there a specific kind of pump you need to inflate this product? Can I go and buy any bike pump and that will work? Thanks.
Dimensions? There is another "Intex Comfy Cool Lounge" on Amazon for slightly more $$ which measures 67" x 46". Is this one smaller or the same thing?
How long is it?(in feet and inches)
does this fit the elite vest
how big is it
Can this be put in a washer and dryer?
Is this too big for 2 years old girl?
What is the material here; cotton? Polyester?
is the size of the hat adjustable?
Will this fit a larger boy? My grandson is 6 but wears size 8.
What scale is this truck? Does it have rechargeable batteries? What size and quantity of batteries are needed?
Can it drive on little rocks?
how long do the batteres last, and how fast does it go
is it battery oprated
Is there a crane with this set
do all the pieces shown in the pic come with this?
Is this set compatible with brio trains?
Are the trains electric?
Is this package over 65 pounds? i need to know if i need help getting it in my house
Does this track have a working crane? I cant tell in the picture
Can you tell me if the tracks connect with the Thomas the train tracks
Does the table look exactly like the picture? With the train &amp; bridge designs
Does anyone know where you can get replacement parts for this? Website?
does it come all assembled
whats the autonomy? how far one tank takes you?
What type of gas does it use?
how fast does it go?
are these big enough to use barbies in???
It says the height is 57 then 47? Which is it? Thanks!
What size furniture is correct ?
What size doll is compatable with this doll house?
what is the packing size? do I have to assemble a lot?
Anyone know if this is made in the united states or china? I worry about the paint.
Does this doll house have an elevator?
Do you guys ship FPO AP address? I hope you guys do!
Is it too heavy to move? I'd like to order this for xmas but don't want to put together xmas eve! can we move it easily after putting together?
does this fit barbies
how much does this complete set weigh?
Can the racks hold 14 tiles. Are the racks big enough to build walls?
Is this the American version and how many tiles. How does the rack stay up. It shows a combo with the pushers,do they fit with rack and in the case.
I can't find the descriptions. It appears that the S031 is bigger than the S032 and S033..Is this true? What are the size differences between the 3?
The charger plug is not the type to go into a standard U.S. outlet. What is the deal? What is it supposed to plug into?
I bought a new 27MHz controller for an S031 and they will not synch! What can I do to make that happen!
Im having a really hard time getting it to fly forward? You can only adjust counter spin. Is there a larger tail rotor I can get?
recommended for what ages?
rc flight
I purchased the helicopter but it was missing the all the batteries necessary to fly the plane. Also the charger. What all IS NOT included with the helicopter?
how big is it?
Is it possible to fit a camera on it ?
Received the Syma S031G RC helicopter with no balance charger--anyone else have this problem?
does it keep birds away
Does it take much of a breeze to turn?
is this for children to play with or to stick on the ground?
does it keep rabbits away
Are these pinwheels waterproof? Has anyone had experience with them in the rain? I've "planted" mine outside but am wondering what would happen to them if it rained. Thank you for your help.
what is the diameter of the pinwheel?
so the product description says this is a (LARGE) wall mirror. Please explain.
Does this cube have real mirrors or is it just called the mirror cube? If it doesn't, does anyone know where I can get one with mirrors?
Our mirror cube broke the first day .Is there a way to fix it.Please let us know.
did you make these ?
Any plans for a 5x5x5 Irregular Rubik's Cube?
does the buckle just snap on?
will these fit an SK312 Skyline Freedom copter
Can you state what length dimensions these are? I need replacements for a different model (an UDI RC missile launching heli) and want to have an idea if these might work.
Does this shuffle uno cards
Will a Magic The Gathering deck work with this, or are the cards too wide?
Is it made in the US
Does this shuffler work with smaller cards?
Is this made of metal or plastic?
how does it work?
where it is made ?
Hi i need one Box of 12 playing cards but all blue and number 92 not plastic and not big numbers please!.
hello the card are plastic? because I need 12 desk blue not plastic and not big number
hello the card are plastic?
Just bought this helicopter. Mine doesn't get of the floor. The blades rotate but eventually the helicopter just tips over. Is the product bad
We purchasd this helicopter in August for a Christmas present. We opened it up and it does not fly. It hasn't even left the ground.
Can you replace the shaft that spins the blades? The top blades spin but not the second set underneath. Anyone know how to fix this?
what size blades do i need for u 803 apachy helicopter
Have they fixed the Zebra or does is still fall over?
how big are the animals?
do all the animals have their names on the bottom?
how big are the animals?
Are these hollow?
Is the material the animals are made of BPA Free?
What are the diameters of the pots?
Do the lids fit the pots? I bought another set from this ompany and the lids dont fit quite right. Thanks
What are these made of?
are they ok for the step 2 kitchens? or are they too big for those kitchens?
Any thoughts on why they recommend this for ages 3+? Not sure why it would be unsafe for my 18 month old.
Is the food in the picture included in the set? It is not listed in the product description.
can these be used in the oven?
what color is what
did they break easily?
How loud are these buzzers? can you hear them in a crowded room?
How loud are these? My grandpap is at a home, and needs to get the staff's attention. Would they be loud enough if someone is in another room?
Is there a delay to the sound after you push the buzzer ?
Can you record over the sounds with your own sounds?
Can additional buzzers be added to the system?
How many batteries does each need? What size?
Does these buzzers light up at the press?
Would one of them work as a "doorbell" for a cubicle?
is it blue or purple color in a real toy?
What kind of plastic is used? One review for the bears made by same company says it contains phtlate and is most toxic. I doubt this one too.
presxhool kichen set food
what age is this for?
What kind of plastic is this made out of? BPA, phtlate and lead free?
Are the revoltech monsters on scale with the H.S. Monsterarts figures? I really want a classic Gigan but HS doesn't have one yet.
does he need bateries
What is the size of the firgure in inches exactly?
dO HER EYES OPEN?
is the pacifir magnetic?
do the eyes open and does it come with the pink fleece blanket?
what size diapers does she wear
like ADORA DOLLS, does she smell like baby powder?
Is this doll flexible, do her arms and legs move? Or is she completely stationery?
Does this doll come in brown skin, or African American?
Find a good quality Baby Doll: Can anyone tell me where this darling doll can be found?
Is she a weighted doll and is she a real reborn
is the hair painted? looks like the eye lashes are real
Does it dump also?
is this wireless??
Has it propostionnal steering and throttle?
What is the scale of this truck?
does it dumps sand
how long (in inches) is the truck?
will the controller be able to make this truck dump dirt
does it have some kind of botton or something to dump dirt
can you dump it with the controller
does it dumps sand
Does Big Box 3 have watermarks/icons on expansion tiles? Do the copies of Big Box 3 being sold by Amazon (or merchants) have the various expansion tiles marked with watermarks/icons that distinguish which expansion a tile belongs to?
Are the dimensions of this product correct?
Does this version come with the river tiles?
What expansion packs are included in the big box 3
does it work on low pile carpeted floors?
What model is this? #711?
is it a #711B model?
Can you ride this outside? Or do you recommend only using it indoors?
We just received this and cannot get it to open at all (for the first time) - even with pushing the reset button. Any suggestions?
do you need batteries
how do I open it my daughter has forgot her password
My password journal would not start
How do you change your password for keep out electronic push code safe?
What age range is this suitable for?
Good morning is for a girl living in Colombia, you can change the language to Spanish thanks Yakeline Arango
does it comes with the cable
Password Journal 2011: Does this one have the MP3 player connection?
how do you reset passcode journal
How big is it?
Is it all plastic
Is it all plastic and what are the dimensions????
can i change the idiom for spanish?
Does she have a last name?
Do I want to know, if the toy when I ask myself a question, if I answer in Spanish or I can set it up to talk to me in another language
Do I want to know, if the toy when I ask myself a question, if I answer in Spanish or I can set it up to talk to me in another language
can you ask it things like can you comfort me
can u ask it whats it is its food
so its the size of a tens ball?could I use this kind of clay for clay animation?just put it back when im finished?
hi so in inches how big and wide are the tubs?and tall?can you reuse this model magic to play with again if you keep putting back in the containers wh
these colors look light in the picture not dark are they really that light color like in the picture?how big are the tubs and wide and tall/?
these colors look like pastel am i right?also how long can you play with this outside the container before it dries if you want to reuse it ?how long
Do Slash 4x4 shafts work on a 2wd Slash?
will they fit on the 2wd ecx ruckus
Will these fit a stampede 2wd vxl?
will thwy fit nitro stampede?
will these work with the rustler vxl
will these work with the rustler vhl
I see they work on a rustler ,What about a Slash 2wd?
Do the handles and front wheels turn or are they stationary?
can i know the age for a child for this
what is the age level
Are these "self propelled" when you push them? Are any batteries required?
How big is each individual truck (inches)?
Are these metal or plastic?
I need this by Friday 2-14-14. Can you make that happen?
What ages can ride this toy?
how big is the shipping box
What is the height of the seat from the floor?
Where is toy made?
is there a weight limit?
I am trying to return this item bc its too small for my son how do i remove the pegs from the wheel holes
Can I get new stickers mine fell off already?
does it steer?
How noisy are the wheels on this tractor? When my son rides around really fast, his other car wheels get so noisy! I want something whisper quiet.
Does anybody know the box dimension?
What is the lubricant percentage?
Read &amp; been told that Torco will substantially reduce engine lifespan due to insufficient castor oil content. Any long term user feedback on this?
is this gas nitro methane? Isn't nitro methane very unstable
will this be good for my rc shockwave
Is this a gallon?
Do I need to add anything to it (oil)
How long will this last me on a dirt track?
is this fuel ok for cox 049 motors?
is this fuel good for cox 049 motors?
Can you switch out traxxas top fuel (20%) for this and not have to re-tune?
I have a piece of framed art that I want to display in a corner behind a hutch; the bottom of the frame is about 32 to 35in. fr floor will it work?
I have a full length mirror that I want to put on this stand, will it work? Can I put the mirror on the foot? Thank you.
I have a piece of artwork to display that is 55" tall by 19" wide. I would like it to be 12 to 14 inches off the floor. Will this easel work?
It is hard to tell in this photo, but what is the color of the easel? I have one of the same design, but want to be sure I am ordering the same color
need to display lighted menu box 18" x 24 or 22 x 28". how wide is area that holds the display
I am thinking of purchasing this for our wedding. I was thinking of putting a large cavas picture on it to have everyone sign. Would it work for this?
Is this ok to use outdoors on the stone patio where my wedding ceremony will be? I need to display a chalkboard sign welcoming my guests.
what color is it?
whst are thr dimensions?
How do you get a second mic?
can i order one barbie karaoke speaker
Can it be connected to TV only with cord provided?
Does the microphone work even if I am not playing music? My kids like to sing made up songs.
Can it be connected to the TV screen?
does it come with a microphone
Can you hook a MP3 player (iphone) up to it to play music?
Is it too young for a 8 yr.old?
Is it too young for a 8 yr.old
will the lyrics show on the tv screen?
is the body made of soft plastic? Are the arms and legs moveable so the doll can be placed in multiple positions?
Does this doll come in the box?
Is this doll easy to dress / undress?
Do her (MA Money Love doll) eyes open and close?
Can this doll stand on her own?
Which doll would you recommend? This is my first purchase.
Where can more outfits
does this doll have brown eyes?
where is this doll shipping from
How long is the doll's hair? The images show two different hair lengths.
What else do I need to purchase with this? Paint, glue, markers, tools??
Do I need to apply stickers/decals as I go or at the end?
How tall is this gundam without the wings and does it come with one of those stands?
Is this the actual official MG Deathscythe? The price is cheaper then Bandai is selling it for on here or is it a reproduction?
Does this model come with the complete box and packaging?
Does this model plane feature extending/retracting flaps?
Can this cessna use a nitro 4 stroke engine?
What size is the box? tks
Simulator cable included in the kit?
What is the signal range?
Can this be used as a ride on toy for a tall 3 year old? (My son is developmentally in an early walking stage, but is a tall almost 3 year old).
Does it come already assembled, or do you have to put it together yourself?
Does this toy grip well on hard wood floors? The other walkers with plastic wheels do not at all. We need wheels that actually roll rather than skid
I have a Special Needs grandson he is 9 years old would this work for him
Does it work well on smooth outdoor surfaces?
How high is the seat?
Could two of these stack on top of each other for storage?
In some pictures the pink looks like a bubble gum pink, and in others it looks more like a purplish pink. Which is it?
Does this work on carpet easily?
It says the wheels are rubber and is recommended for outside use... is that an accurate statement or do the wheels fray or get ruined by the ground?
The blue bike appears dark blue &amp; silver in small picture but when I click on picture it is white &amp; light blue? Which color blue is the blue?
Hello! I will love to order the Pewi YBike since I live in France I will like to know if you can deliver it here and the cost of the shippment.
Does the oven or fridge open for storage for the food and/or pots and pans etc?
Does the microwave have buttons that make noise or is it just a sticker?
The picture looks like the plastic around the fridge and oven is a shade of pink. Are the colors tan, cream, and red? or is the tan color more pink? Wondering if this could be for a boy, is it gender neutral?
Does this stove fall over easy?
Does the kitchen come in pieces that need to be assembled or is it just one piece? How big is the largest piece? Would it fit into a suitcase?
Does the sink &Atilde;&sect;ome off?
I would like to know the size of the shipping box.
Product Dimensions
Is this item made in the USA?
How wide is this kitchen?
hello... what's the size of this puzzle when assembled? tks
hi.. does this puzzle have political map or the physical map of the world, will it have all the countries of the world ?
hi, what size frame would i need to fit this puzzle?
Is the island of Cozumel Mexico visible on the map when completed?
just wondering.. where can I find the frame when I finish the puzzle? I wanna hang the puzzle on the wall.
Which type of map projection was used for this puzzle?
My son broke one of the poles that keeps it upright. Is there a place where I can order a new one?
Does this have a fire retardant?
Is there a way to restore the top flag and pink castle pieces to their original firm structure? Ours have gone limp and it's hardly a castle anymore.
How can you fold the tent to fit back into the little bag that comes with it?
Does anyone have suggestions for getting rid of the wrinkles? We unpacked this 5 days ago and it looks AWFUL. Instructions say to avoid heat...?
Are the batteries replaceable, and if so what type of battery (AA, AAA) does it take? Or will I have to buy another pair once the battery dies?
Hi How much is shipping for 50 of the glasses to zip code 60035there is no rush
How many come in this? Picture shows 2?
how long will the batteries last on these?
does it come with ants?
Can you use Ants from your yard?
does the gel come in the container
I need an ant farm for large ants, I don't want the common house/garden ants who are a nuisance, is this for large ants?
It seems wasteful to just use this for one month...how do you get rid of dead ants and replace gel? Does it come with extra or do you have to order?
Where do I buy the ants ?
do you have to pay for the ants on the order form? if so, how much are they?
How much do the ants cost that you have to order?
When the ants die do you have to get rid of this? Do you have to replace the gel?
does it write
Does it need batteries
What type of battery does it use?
Does it work if you holding and you push the button is the button the shoking part?
I only want the green. Can I get just this color?
Is there a way to order all three lizards, and guarantee that they are all different?
Is it bead filled or solid rubber/plastic?
is it price for one lizard or 3?
What batteries does it use???
What is the scale on this jeep?
How big is it?
sellers are from HK. Will this be original or KO version?
I see that there is a trailer in vehicle mode. What happens to it during transformation?
Is this an original Hasbro/Takara Tomy product or a Chinese knockoff/imitation?Amazon seems to accept k.o's now, be it toys, dvd, &amp;so on.Thank you.
Has anyone else gotten a figure that has mismatched front bumper or grills? With 2 left grills as opposed to a right &amp; left one for the truck mode?
can any one tell me what class of transformers are at least 7" tall
How tall is transformers dark of the moon mech tech voyager - megatron
What size is this toy? My son wants one around 7inches and we just returned one that was too small
does it comes with retail box as in the photo ?
What is the height of this item in inches ?
how tall are these figures please
Does this product have sword and shield?
Does he have sounds
What is the age appropriateness for this toy?
anyone elses sentinal prime snap at the knee
Do you ship to Singapore? how much is the shipping fee?
What is the height of this item in inches ?
This item is also available for shipping to Chile?
Does anyone knows if the toy makes any sound?
where can I get a copy of the instructions?
As measured the toy?
how difficult is this toy to transform? Looking for my soon to be 6 year old.
What is the height of this toy as a robot stading up? (we are trying to find out how big it is) tks
Does this toy makes any noise? for example voice?, explotions? lights or something similar?
height exactly has standing snowman would appreciate your help
How big is it?
now big is it?
How tall is it?
What is the cost of mailing bumblebee to Australia
What age group is this for?
cood it start on fier
Why does it take so long to deliver????? I need it for Christmas, but it says it will arrive in January!!
does it have a remote?
How many days they take to deliver this?
Does it have to be in direct sunlight?
Just $1.66? How can someone sell this for only $1.66 with free shipping from Hongkong?
dose it work
How can I get this to go without sunlight. I really thought our flashlights would be bright enough to make them work, but they don't. Any suggestion?
How much voltage does it generate?
Is the car big or small
I have the bed but need to find out where I can get th tent?
how many windows and doors does the tent has? and how they close? with zipper or velcro?
can you use this bed without the tent? - I want to have the tent for occasional use.
how easily does the tent come off? (for changing sheets, etc). I read that it "clips on" but don't see any pictures of how the tent attaches.
does the mattress come with it?
what size mattress do i use with the car bed
I need to know the packaged weight because they want to send me to Ecuador and I want to calculate the value of the postal delivery in the Ecuador clu
Good day I would like to know what is the actual weight of the product but, I would rather know the total weight not assemble it, I mean the box ?
Has anyone removed the ponytail on the doll. Is there any bald spots and does it hang nice?
do they bend?
what about the wobbley head?
Are you able to take her hair out of the ponytail and do other hairstyles with it? Will her hair lay flat if taken out of the ponytail? Thanks
how many cards come with this purchase? Will I be getting every different art type?
How many lands are included? One of each color, or multiples?
Is this listing for the full art Zendikar lands or the regular non-full art Zendikar lands?
would this fit an 11 year old who is 100 punds and 5ft? thanks.
Is assembly rquired?
hi. can you coast on the berg without pedaling? thanks in advance, for your help.
There is another model listed that doesn't say "junior," but looks the same; Is that a different model? Can't tell from dimensions; not accurate
How big is the delivery box?
Has anyone tried this on gravel? We would want it for out in the country and we have a gravel driveway/roads.
Does this ride well in the grass?
Where is this made?
Does it ride OK on grass or does it have to be on paved ground?
how big would you say this go kart is?
So... the first move is to take the other guys rook?
does it come with instructions?
Hello, is it possible to send it to switzerland? Kind regards
Can you deliver to Germany?
does anyone know where i can get a protective cage for this helicopter like they have for the smaller ones?
How long is the flight time of a fully charged battery?
how large is this helicopter
Can you send me a black or silver one
Controller light does not come on and differant batteries were installed but still does not work do you have any suggestions? This has happened with new batteries but the switch doen't respond. This happened at first start up after opening the box.
i was flew for the first time and it crashe the rotors are trying to move but they wont and the controller isnt doing anything any ideas whats wrong?
is this heli ready to fly out of the box with battery controller and charger?
Can this be used for playing cards OR for using a travel size set of Mah Jongg? Thanks!
How wide are the grooves in the racks? Will they hold tournament size dominos? Thanks
How many does it hold?
where are they made?
Do they come with directions to Mexican railroad?
Are they made in U.S.A.?
Are they real wood,?
Are they made in USA?
Are the colored dominoes included?
Can you keep the pieces positioned in a game when you close the board?
are basic instructions included?
Can you give the dimensions of this open and closed?
can this case fit 5 vintage racks w/flippers &amp; also a set of pushers? &amp; tiles&amp;accessories?
is it light or as heavy as a mah jongg set case?
can the racks fit in with the pushers still attached?
Will this case hold the large size Mahjong tiles?
can it hold 5 racks
Is this set appropriate for a 9 year old?
Age
Does these fit with Legos as well? If they are interchangeable then. I am sold!
Now, does this figure come with all accessories as shown in the photo?
Does this figure come with all accessories as shown in the photo?
Does this figure come with all accessories as shown in the photo?
is 5 years too young
Is the anniversary edition exactly the same game as the original?
any suggestions for a really good game, for adults and kids 8-14, any suggestions
Are the figures that come with the anniversary edition a set color, or random? Ex. The old wizard is yellow in one picture, but blue in another.
What is the difference in the Anniversary edition and the regular game?
What age group is this for
I want to get this game for my son, but is the anniversary edition worth the extra $9?
The info says this anniversary edition comes with 12 new cards? Do these cards make this game better than the regular one?
What is the difference between this version and the older one?
How big is the board? From what I have read about the game, the board grows in size with each play.
Is this an authentic figma from Good Smile Company?
Does it come with the ghost figures as pictured with the zombie pose or does that comes separate?
How tall is it? Is it the size of a barbie doll?
Is the stand removable? I am looking for a figure that we can play with and not one that is merely for decoration. Is this such a figure?
What is the diameter of the magnifying lens?
I need a light &amp; magnification for certain jobs in my shop. Will this light be good for that kind of application?
Is it 1.75x magnification or 5x magnification - description shows both!
The amazon product description states a 5x magnifier. I have a screenshot of the product description on Amazon
Does this have a metal clamp?The plastic clamp breaks
Can the lamp slip out of the clamp and be used in a rolling stand?
Do the arms move?
does it come in the box?
where this character made from
Is there leg holes or baby just sits
Does the top provide decent shade?
Can this be used for a 7 month old?
Do you shipping to brazil?
What is the weight limit for this float?
what age is this float made for?
what age is this float made for?
Is the figure carded or loose?
Does he have a removable hat accessory ?
Does he have a removable hat accessory ?
What size is Funko Freddy Krueger?
Is it possible to get a chase from here? Has anyone gotten one?
does it come in a box
Do ship to Brasil?
I'm thinking of ordering Freddy Krueger. Is it possible to restock?
Will they be shipped in their original box's?
Are the eyes supposed to appear the way in the photo? With only one having an eyelid?
size
How tall are the funko pop figures?
When I set up Mindflex Duel and select the game I want then it plays a song and never starts the game, then goes back and says select game.
How large is the game and the ball? I always have trouble with scale in pictures and items tend to be much smaller than I was expecting.
Is this can play by one player himself? In case, there is no 2nd player play together ?
Do you think this game is age-appropriate for a college student--or does it seem too young for them?
this is like the best game ever but how does the head piece work?
Is there a problem with this "Mindflex Duel Game" in 50Hz rates in Europe? Can I order a 50Hz set?
Do people use it for meditation training?
does it come with all extra pieces for game board
Hi ,I want sell this item but you send in France ?
how do you control the ball?
Hi, would this product be suitable for this types of bubbles? http://www.amazon.co.uk/Wedding-Bubbl...
Would this solution work with a big wand for big bubbles or it is exclusively designed for the Bubble thingy?
Is this just glycerin? or does it have other ingredients?
So it doesn't come with the pictured king/queen/princesses, etc.?
What is the age range for this dollhouse? Thinking of getting it for a six year old.
Is this dollhouse too minimal for a 9 year old?
How tall are the two dolls?
4 year old too old?
How much does it weigh?
Other dolls that fit well: Can anyone suggest other doll brands that fit well in this house?
Has anyone used this house for playing with Lalaloopsy mini dolls? I'm hoping they'll fit!
What are the dimensions when it is folded up? Id like to bring this to my twin grandchildren for family play.
Would Calico Critters fit well in this dollhouse? Thanks!
I am a little confused on the ball pit. Does that come with this model? I am not really interested in having a ball pit but rather just the bouncer. Looking at the pictures and the description of the product I would think the ball pit does come with it.
Could an 8 year old (on the small side) use this bounce house alone? Need an activity to burn energy during long, cold winter.
How long does it take to inflate and deflate?
Is it ok as just a bouncer or do you have to do a ball pit?
ok to use an extension cord outside?
I'm not the best with dimension measurements---but our BASEMENT ceiling is roughly 6.5 feet, maybe 7 feet. Would this fit?
Can I plug this in to 220 volts plug overseas? What does it say on the blower (i.e.input 110-220 volts or only 110 volts)? Thanks.
I am confused every time i go to ship it says shipping is over $1000 not the promised $30?
How big is the box, is it very heavy?
Square Deals, the kids LOVE the one we got. I would like to add sand bags at the corners for more stability. Do you sell empty bags to attach?
I have the same question - does this fit on the Little Tykes Cozy Truck?
Does this work on the older little tikes cars? I can't figure out where it would attach?
Would this fit the cozy coupe taxi?
Will this trailer fit the Little Tikes Patrol 30th Anniversary coupe?
will this fit on the Little Tikes Cozy Coupe Cab?
I read there are extra letters... would I be able to spell "hanna" with one set?
Could these blocks spell out Mary Poppins with the extra few that are given? I need them for a birthday party! Thanks!
Do the blocks come with a storage bag please? Thank you
Help! Up to what height in inches/feet is it comfortable for a toddler/small child to play with this well?
Does it require tools to disassemble?
can you bolt the playset down?
What is the length and width of this play gym after it is fully assembled?
It says the slide adjusts, in what way does it adjust
What are the box dimensions that this comes in?
Does this disassemble easily for transport in a mini van?
Safe indoor play equipment? I have a 3 year old Autistic child and would like to set this up in our large playroom, my question: is this sturdy and safe to use in home?
Is the play structure hard to pick up to move once assembled?
Does it have any kind of drainage on the bottom?
Need to fit this under a playset which can accommodate 47 1/2 " width -the descrip says 46.5 wide, but one of the answers indicates 48" -can you help?
Dimensions?
The the lid snap on, or just place on?
Is the sand included?
what is the size?
Does the lid keep the rain out? Seems like there are conflicting answers in the responses to other questions. Thanks!
is what they say in review true?
is it only 30 ex or x cards or just one
how many tins come in it?
does the picture say wtch ones you get or do you get all of them on the picture
Is it deceptive
how many ex and lv x cards are there
are your pokemon full art
Do you get all 12 tin box's and all the cards with those?
does this lot come with lvl x and ex cards or only x or ex cards
Did u get bonus mew?
is this suitable for 7 year old boy
does it come with a base as in the image online?
age
Does is come with the stand, as pictured?
If a 10 year old child has never done any of these, should I start him with this or an easier level?
is this suitable for 12 yr. old girl
is the easiest the original then the rookie then the epic?
Does the base come off or is it permanently attatched?
what size is it?
Is the ball suppose to be off the track and just roll around the bottom of the ball??
true age to give as a gift for a child?
What is the age level?
What does it do?
Does anyone know what steering wheel on a steering column on underside in the middle is for? Thanks!
Is it compatible with Schleich horse trailer? Does the hitch line up?
First time I have ever seen these products. Have collected a few diecast vehicles, can anyone tell me what scale this would be close to? 1:24? 1:18?
How do you open the sunroof to get the steering wheel connected?
WILL THE BRUDER GUYS FIT IN THIS LAND ROVER?
Does it come in white?
What are the dimensions of this toy?
Is this truck sized to work with Bruder's toy men and women? To put it another way, is the scale model 1:16?
Does it have flashing lights and a lifting mechanism at the rear of the truck
Does the roof come off so you can put the people in the cab?
Does this truck have a packer blade in the back?
Anyone know where to get extra recycling cans?
Does the bin of this truck move to dump the trash at the dump once the trash is collected?
Does the back open up to put trash in?
Do the doors open and shut? (to put the people in the cab)
It's hard to tell dimensions from the pictures. Is the truck really about 14 inches long?
What is the size of this truck?
can you run two batteries in parallel to this unit ?
itook neon light off and placed a second bat,i want to know if you run the wires together will it fry the pcb?
qs 8006 uk
Is this 2.4Ghz?
can you change the frecuency to a 2.4 Ghz to get longer range ?
What voltage does it use
Does it come with the drop in floor to block kids feet from getting through like the car?
how tall is it?
can you steer the cozy truck or are the wheels fixed??
What is the age group?
Has anyone that bought this Truck have the Cozy Coupe as well and do you recommend this Truck over the Coupe? I already bought the Coupe.
My nephew is obsessed with keys does the truck have a key like the coupe?
my son is 3 weights 42 pounds is it too small for him? can i still leave the step from him in?
what is the age limit? i have a small 4 year old i dont know if he will fit in it anymore?
Hi. Can someone tell me is this one very different size wise or just overall from the previous red version with yellow roof ?
Weight limit?
Do they stand on their own?
How many of each colour in a 12 pack?
how tall are these figures? do you have any figures that are at least 4.5" tall?
how long it runs
battery
Does the toy, hexbug spider, break easily?
What does colors may vary mean? Do you just randomly pick a color?
Is this a set of two spiders?
Should it work outside? My son couldn't get his to work when he went outside.
Are the red, green, blue and yellow pieces included in the box? The picture with the box doesnt show these pieces.
What sets can you buy to make complete cars-doors, etc.
This set #4598357 can play with the set #9689( Simple Machines Set) and the LEGO Education Brick Set 4579793? thanks
what other legos are needed to build vehicles
Are there any instructions available to show how to build the base structures of the vehicles. The pictures on the box are hard to see.
Do the wheels screw on like the wheels in the LEGO DUPLO Tech Machines Set?
Does it seriously take 1 to 3 months for this product to ship?? It says Prime, but to expect it in 1 to 3 months...the birthday party is on Saturday.
does it fit
how big is it
Is this mint in box?
Does the Helmet come with the stand
does this body have mud flaps on them or do i have to buy them
Is it ready to drive
Is the this body clear
Can it fit on a e revo
The picture shows come black cover peices in the bed area of the truck, going from the roofline down to the bed. Is this part of the body?
Do these come with stencils like for the splash graphics on the fenders or for the vents?
Does the body come painted or do I have to paint it myself?
When will the squirrel bondage gear be available?
Is there a more modest undergarment option for the modern Mormon Squirrel?
So what about the tail? Do the underpants have a special opening for the tail, or do you tuck it in? Just curious how that will work.
My exhusband was about the same size as this squirrel. Are these recommended for small adult humans? .
Are they made with organic cotton? My friends squirrel ate his pair
How big are they?
How tall are they?
what is the size of the figurines
Any news on this character? Do u have a release date yet?
How tall is it?
(jap ver) vs (usa ver) are they a bit differents in the facial expressions?
Is the product box stating Rockman X (Jap ver.) or Megaman X (US ver.)? As i saw the origin is from Japan.
Is this figure available from amazon still?
When is this Mega Man X figure going to be released?
When is this Mega Man X action figure going to ship? Since I was told it was on hand &amp; ready to ship 5 days ago.
How big are they?
Are these horses hollow? If not hollow would you be able to drill a hole in the bottom of then to put a cut off golf tee in?
Where are these manufactured?
I have a need for plastic horses for the stagecoaches I make. I need to know measurements chest to rump-hoof to back-rump side to side under the tail
What brand are these horses?
I wanted to glue these onto a 2 1/4 to 2 1/2 inch lid...would all four legs fit? Thank you!!
Would they fit on a cupcake?
Did you ship in france and how muche is it? please
How tall do these stand?
How many of these would we need to buy to lift my grandma and her wheel chair into space? This is the last item on her bucket list... thanks :)
How many of these balloons would it take to lift a 80lb kid in the air?
suggestions on inflating one of these at an outdoor music festival?
I'm considering one of these as a floating Halloween decoration, since the PVC versions from China are over $300. I'd like to paint it to look like the Moon, but the latex is probably too fragile. I'm wondering about using Hi Float with it, and I've...
can I use this for a giant paper mache globe? Do you think it would hold up??
I plan to use hydrogen since it rises faster and has potential to go higher i believe. If my load is &lt;4lbs, what should the balloons free lift be?
What's the max weight these can lift? 4lbs?
How long does it take to reach maximum height?
can i climb into this?
How much load can this carry? How much weight can this balloon lift?
Is it already built?
Do the lights come on?
I'm sorry, I'm still not clear on why I can't specify a freaking color for $41.75!!!! When will this defect be fixed?
do you have a black one?
When they say colors may vary what does that mean? Will I get a totally different color or just the shade of color may vary?
235" wide???
I need to reword my question...Does anyone know where I can get a pre-2001 view of this puzzle containing the WTC towers?
Are those the Twin Towers beside the Freedom Tower? Please answer, as I couldn't take the pain if it is them.
How big are the puzzle pieces?
What is the finished size of the puzzle. The product features says 235" long? Is this correct?
Does this Racers Edge 5000mAh 7.2V battery have the banana 4.0 connectors?
Does this come with a charger?
is it a tayima connector? is it male or female
Im new to RC cars I have a car with an Ec3 battery will this work as long as I get a EC3 to tamiya connector?
is it a tayima connector? is it male or female
how long and how wide is the battery i would like to know if it can go into the space for the battery
Will this plug into HPI cars?
does this Racers Edge 5000mAh 7.2V battery come pre charged?
can I use this on a rc model 95641 model boat?
will this battery work in the amazon airboat that has a 1100 battery in it.
is this the right one for a traxxas slasher car?
does this batterie work with traxxas 36054 the stampede?
is this battery waterproof?
does it come with a charger
does it work on teton la trax
Will this battery work in the Traxxas Grave Digger?
Can I just use the charger that came with my Rustler VXL? It's the one with a light that turns green or red and is very simple.
will this battery run on a rustler vxl
Will this battery fit a ECX Torment. Thank you
how long does this battery hold charge for? using for bashing, WOT, etc
Where are the logs made?
Are these wood or plastic?
are lincoln logs appropriate for a 3 year old who is bright and has the dexterity of a 4-5 year old?
Are these logs made of wood?
Would these work for small dog breed clothes?
hangers for Patsyette
Do these hangers fit doll sized closets or only full size closets? Is the 'hook' too big for small doll closets?
Will these fit in the 18" Doll Clothes Locker by Sophia's
Will these fit in the Build a bear armor?
Do these hangers fit Journey Girl doll clothes? The majority of my dolls are Journey Girl dolls. Thank you!
how many inches across are these hangers
how wide r they?
How long is the hanger?
are these hangers 6 inches 5 inches or 7 inches The doors on kidkraft close on 7 inches or a little past 7 inches
How high off the ground is the water table? Will my one-year-old be able to reach in?
How many gallons of water does this hold? I see it doesnt come with a cover.
do the pieces secure to the table
Does this have a drain to let the water out?
Does this water table come with a cover to keep it fom filling with leaves, etc., when not in use?
What age group is this for?
Is it supposed be leaking? I bought it, but it keeps leaking..
Can this also be filled with sand, rice, etc to use during colder months as well?
How easy is this to keep clean?
I'm wanting to use this on our tiled patio... has anyone found any mats to put under it to avoid slipping?
Can water be put in the sand part instead of sand?
Is this made for a taller child to be able to stand and play? My 18 mo. old is the size of an average 3 yr old. (If not, could you please recommend a standing water/sand box that is taller.) Thanks!
Do the legs come off easily? I was hoping to transport this back and forth to the beach.
Is there any where I can get a cover for the whole thing?
THIS TABLE IS GOOD FOR 18 MONTH OLD?
Does the table come with a lid?
Is there a slot for an unbrella?
is the divider large enough to keep the sand and water separated?
Does the tower/slides stay on? Is the piece screwed to the base? Thanks!
Is this made in the USA?
size?
Is it a heavy bean stuffing so that is can stay in place, say sitting on my baby's leg?
How big is this mini nemo?
is this all uppercase
Are the letters all uppercase or a combination of upper and lower case?
What age range does this game suit?
What are the measurements for this bag? I'm looking for approx. 12x12.
Exactly what is the size of this tote?
Will this bag hold up to fabric painting and not shrink when washed? Thank you
Can I use fabric paint on this bag? Does it shrink with washing?
what is the lenght of the handle drop? Does this easily fit over the shoulder?
how many ?
what color is the bag? it looks like natural
there's only 6 left in stock. I need 15. Do you know when you will have more?
is this bag small enough for a child of 8 to 9. Could you do embroidery on it?
Is this bag small enough for a child of 8. I would like to embroider on it.
Does it need batteries? If so, what kind?
are the numbers painted or carved
Is this a travel size or full size set?
Can you recognize the number 6 when compared with the number nine. Is there a line under one of the numbers to help tell the difference?
What are the dimensions of the tiles?
what are the actual dominos made of?
what does the Hub look like? Does the center have a hold spot for the domino being played and does it have sound?
The description does not say it includes the 8 trains?
What are the dimensions of the tiles?
What is the length of the monkey bars + fireman's pole, but not including the length of the slide?
Hello, I would like to know if this swingset can take the sub zero cold winters. I already took down the swings, but I am worried about the slide.
How large is the box it comes in? Would it fit in the back of a van or a pickup?
we bought the Lifetime swingset 2 yrs. ago and took it with us when we just moved. However we need directions to put it back together! how can we get
Amazon is suggesting the "Flexible Flyer Ground Anchor Kit for Metal Frame Swing Sets" to accompany this - is this needed? Thanks.
What are the safety zone dimensions beyond the actual dimensions of the swingset?
Would it be possible to disassemble and reassemble this playground without losing its integrity? (military moves)
can the swing seat be removed from the chain and a baby bucket swing be swapped or will i need to also buy new chain for the bucket swing?
The description states there is a fire pole. It appears in some of the pictures but not all of them. Is there a fire pole???????????
Will the swings also accomodate a parent (a 6 foot, 200 pound one, at that)?
where language comes
I saw a post saying that said the screen was in black and white. Is this correct? I would also like to know if your child enjoys most of the games?
Can you load additional games onto this laptop toy?
hi i am interested in buying it but that it is not in english
Hi :) Can anyone tell me if this can be plugged in with an adaptor, and if the vtech adaptor works with this product?
I like to know if the laptop come from in spanish too?? I mean to refer the language.. Thanks!!
COMES IN SPANISH LANGUAGE
hello ,already exists in the Spanish version
what age group is this item suitable for?
good morning, this toy is bilingual, has the two languages?
Does this toy have a headphone/ earbud port?
What kind of batteries does it take?
How can I get directions on how to operate this car? Got it at a yard sale and no directions were with it?
This binge is in Spanish?
Por favor que alguien me ayude, c&oacute;mo cambio el idioma a espa&ntilde;ol? deber&iacute;a tener esa opci&oacute;n? gracias
este juguete es en espa&ntilde;ol?
are the beads included in the aqua beads star case?, it is not clear to me as it says it can store 900 beads
Do the 'creations' hold up? Are they sticky at all? I'm wondering if they are more or less durable to play with than the perler beads.
does it come with templates to show you how to build different things? What does it show you how to build? Wanting to get it for my son.
where can I get extra balls
What is included in the t ball set?
Are the balls similar in size to the Little Tikes Tee Balls?
does this adjust tall enough for older siblings - say 5-6?
How short can this be adjusted to?
Does this tee constantly fall over with each swing? or is it a sturdy enough base to not fall over often ? And what's the height range this extends?
I just want to know is the boy doll really in blue or purple?
Do these wear well over time?
Do the eyes open &amp; close?
is this OK for a 15 month old?
In the coments one said they received 2 girls how can I make sure I get a boy and a girl?
Does the manufaturer recommend a specific brand of bubble solution or it doesn't matter? I want to order both at the same time here
Does this work on electric?????
How do I install the batteries???
does it come with bubbles?
Can I request a certain pony?
What is the total number of ponies?
how many bags are there?
Are these ponys kind of fuzzy feeling? My daughter got one but not sure which type and it's a twilight sparkle but is fuzzy (not just smooth plastic)
Do the ponies come with bag?
I buy one pack of ten ponies and I'm happy with my order but if i buy another pack can I be sure not to have double figures in ?
Any way to NOT get the glitter ponies?
Will these ponies fit in the Ferris Wheel?
do the figures come with the collectable cards you get in the blind bags?
What is the approximate size of each pony?
Is t his toy set too simple for an almost 5 year old who will be entering Kindergarten next Fall? Almost seems too simple..
Do these cars have the rubber treds on the tires
Are these cars better than the NeoTracks cars? We have a NeoTracks set and need extra cars, but reviews of the NeoTracks cars are not good.
How do these cars turn on and turn off?
Do these cars fit on the neon twisted tracks ?
Do these cars have to have the track to run or can you just play without tracks?
What size batteries do these cars take?
Will these cars will work on the Playgo Build and Go Bull Dozer set?
Will these cars run on the Pleasan Journe track set?
Do the trucks light up?
Has anyone tried washing this cat? Can it go through the washing machine? I'm not looking for it to stay brand new, as it is already well loved.
Does this meow
Does this stuffed animal have bean bags or pellets in it or is it strictly plush?
Has this item been treated with fire retardant?
Has anyone had this outside during the summer and if so has it held up nicely being out in the sun and rain?
What ages does this fit?
Are the benches stable for a 3 year old to sit at and eat a snack?
Do the doors to the oven and fridge open up for the children to actually place pretend food in them?
Can these boards be used indoors? what surfaces are they safe on? Will they damage my floors?
is this good for 9 year olds, or just younger children?
Which one should I get for an 11 year old
Do they come in sizes? This is for an 8 yr. old?
can you put other candy in it, like maybe jelly beans?
What kind of gumballs can you refill with?
do you get 3 machienes or one macheine and can you choose your color
Why does the description say, "CHOKING HAZARD -- Small parts. Not for children under 3 yrs."? What small parts are included?
Can you use this at the beach for boogie boarding?
is there a weight limit?
I have a seven yr old who loves spinning, which board would be better for him the pro or freestyle
Would this get damaged if used on an paved, asphalt driveway? The outdoor videos all seem to show concrete which can be quite a bit smoother.
Will it scratch the floor?
Is a 3 1/2 year old too young to use this?
How wide is the freestyle board?
does it work on grassy hills
will it scratch floors
can I install this on an 1/10 e revo and a revo 3.3?
Will I need a glitch buster if I am using this with a castle creations sidewinder3 system?
Will this fit a traxxas rustler?
Is this servo wired and ready to install?
can I install it on an exceed rc like maxstone 10?
Will this work if it gets wet?
can I install it on an exceed rc like maxstone 10?
does it fit on axial Yeti and Yeti XL?
does it fit on axial Yeti and Yeti XL?
Will this servo fit any Traxxas 1/10 scale rcs?
What color is available?
I don't see an area to request the color. Is it even possible?
do the back doors open
How about a white ne?
Do you have a gray one and how big is it? I am sorry but am not understanding the scale measurements.
Is this version of the game come with magnetic poles or is this a hook?
how many fishing rods?
Why is the version with the fish half white more money than the one with fish all the same color?
Music or no?
what is the shipping cost of Let's go fishing to zip 10977
Diameter of product
what size of battery in the lets go fishing game
Is this 12 in an order or 12 dozen in an order?
How large are the lips? Are they the same size as the wax lips..
How many lips do you recieve 12 or 12 dozen (144)
There is something on the back side to bite onto correct?
is this $4/dozen?
How fast does this go and how far-what is the range?
can a dog out run it
it says in the description that the remote needs 2x AA batteries but the sticker in the picture says 1x 9V battery, can you please clarify?
Is there an antennae on either the remote or the car? Is it flexible? How long is it?
how fast is this car (mph)
Can it drift?
Do the headlights light up?
could this be used outdoors?
Could someone comment as to the color? It says color may vary. Does that mean I may end up with yellow or some other tacky color that I don't want?
what is the length of the car?
What is the scale of this truck?
What scale is this?
Does the back of the truck flip open?
Can I get it in red for sure?
can I get this in blue
Are batteries included?
can additional batteries be purchased
I need a new battery plate. Where do I get one? The battery keeps coming loose because i don't have the plate that keeps it in.
Hey guys, I need a new plate for the battery. Can you buy the plate that goes over the battery?
Can it be driven in grass or mud?
Does anyone know where I can get parts? The steering mechanism (gear) seems to be stripped.
how fast??
Does this have the Li-ion battery or NiMh?
can you put a bigger motor in it and if so where can i get it
BATTER
Do you have orange or only silver still?If you have orange, how can I guarantee I get orange?
I want the Orange one!
Can the wheels rolls?
Is this one remote controlled ?
can you turn the front wheels by turning sheering wheel?
Approximately how many pieces? (or, how long would assembly take?)
Can i get a red one? Do the doors and hood open?
What colors do you currently have in stock? thanks!
What color would I be able to get now and do the wheels spin?
DO YOU HAVE A BLACK ONE?
Is this motorized?
Is it made in Germany or China?
Is the front spoiler on the BMW Baby Racer II Motorsport soft? Does it give and cushion a bit? Or is it hard plastic?
Hello There, Where can they put their foot on? Is there a foot rest?
Will the bmw already be put together before it ships?
what is the dimensions of the battery I need one no more than 22x 18 x6mm
would this battery work with a litehawk II rc helicopter
How long does it take to charge by USB?
Is it okay to use a 160 mAh battery when my old one was 150? And did you get 150 or 160? The description says 150 mAh, but the photo shows a 160 mAh.
Would this battery work for the Syma s111 g helicopter ?
what is the width of the battery? I'm looking for one that fits to a bracelet, you can not get me the Battery of the bracelet fueldband
would a 3.7 200mah battery work in syma s107g
I have a protocol flix with a gyro and camera would a battery for the107 work in this one
Will this work with the Syma S111g?
will that work for the s026g the chinook version?
What action base fits this model?
How complex is this Mobile Suit? Do I need to have more experience to make it than most other gundams?
Does the kit come with the 2013 GUNPLA X GUNDAM.INFO NEW YEAR Campaign card
is this 03 of the real grade series?
how tall is it with all of it on the strike
Its say (in stock) is that mean available ?
Hi.. is this item availble in store ? I want to buy now (I hope to emphasize).Thanks
Is there any body can tell me if this item available right now in store or not .... Thanks
Is this bey a left spin, and does the launcher only work with left spin?
Will this bey blade work with a left rotation string launcher?
Will all Beyblades starters work on Beyblades of the same brand? Also, how do you know which Beyblades have interchangeable parts?
Does this come with a stadium? If not what stadium should I get with this?
can it drain an enemy beyblades spin power?
what tyep is it
is this version from japan because i have one but it is very bad
Do you need to purchase anything else to make these work?
why didn't it work
will it work for a right rotating spinner
Is it fake? The seller is Japan Outlets (100% authentic) And if you guys also ordered Diablo Nemesis from SuperToyWorld is it fake also?
How does the performance tip work?
Can it really switch modes?
my bey is stuck in final drive mode how do i fix that?????
Is it from Rapidity or Takara Tomy?
Is this beyblade fake?
is it the same as cosmic pegases
Is it really from Japan?
Is it really from Japan.
Hey does anyone know if it can be shipped to the U.K.?
Is this a licensed Takara Tomy product?
Is this item located in the US? If I order today, what is the expected delivery date? Thanks
is it metal
does it actually come with a beyblade too
do it change moods
Hello! I want to know the material of the beybley and how many models you have available for sell, I want to buy some models.... let me know please...
Is this 100% Authentic and genuine?
Bought 4 grandaughter, her dad said they were for boys, now this female can't assemble, instructions in Japanese
what is its stamina level?
is this a real tarakatomy
are batteries included and what kind of batteries and how many does it use?
Do you have to have a special ripper?
What is the name of that one beyblade that my grandson has seen &amp; wants that the blades actually open up while in battle?? TY Nana
will it come on time and the parts be right
is it strong
Can It beat phantom Orion
Are they all different animals or do you get multiple of the same animal?
Are these animals hollow on the inside or solid cast?
How big is each piece in this collection? Approx. of a medium size piece involved? Thanks
What are the dimensions of the individual slots?
will this case fit funko pop vinyl figures, if not do you sell a case that will?
can i use this to display walking dead action figures
Is this product acid free acrylic like your single figure display cases?
Is the hair supposed to be taken out of the pigtails it comes with? Any thoughts on that?
Is the dolls head a soft vinyl, or hard vinyl plastic like material. - Thanks
Will preemie clothes fit her?
Is the soft body made of cloth or vinyl like the arms? I want to know because I want to purchase a tub safe doll.
how large is this doll looking for dolls for 2year olds
Is this doll made in France or China?
What size is she? Do her eyes close
Do the eyes open and close?
Can she be taken into the bath?
Do the eyes open and close?
Which is the Corolle Doll to give to a 18-19 month old girl? Thank you
Is this doll appropriate for a 3 year old?
Is her bow removeable so I could dress it for a boy?
How tall is this doll?
Is the doll anatomically correct, or does it look more like a barbie with clothes off?
How big is this doll?
Would this doll work for a Filipino child? Or anyone know of one that would?
What is the head made of?
How tall is it?
what are the dimentions?
Using the USB cord while charging the 339 metal series mini how long does it need to charge
How do I charge my 339 metal series mini helicopter
What voltage is the charger with the USB port on one end?
what are the 76 games
dose it use battres?
What voltage and amperage does the power adapter need?
what if it only has three games what am i suppose to do
Greetings, can you confirm whether Plush Doll monster inc are original the Disney Store. thanks
The toy is 100% like the picture (not Monster university version)
Are there any hard parts on him?? For example, his eyes?? Or is he all soft?
Do the arms move?
is it musical?
Hi, I would like to know if the plush is exactly the same in the picture please. Thanks, Andres
Is this price gouging or is it price gouging? This set usually sells for around 100 dollars.
Is it electric or does it require batteries?
Different sets have different watt transformers. This descriptions does not tell you how many watts the transformer is? 40 w or 80 w?
Smoke switch turned on, multiple drops applied, running at high speed for over 15 minutes, but still no smoke produced. Suggestions?
Track size?
How much is the rail sounds equipped tender
Why can't this item be shipped sooner I wanted to give to my grandsons for Christmas when they get here
Are the tracks metal or plastic? And the whole train is metal as well, correct?
Why is the shipping so expensive?
How does this compare to the 2013 version which has LionChief Remote Control?
My 6 year old just got this today for her birthday and it keeps coming off the track what can I do too keep it on the track? Thank you.
CAN IT RUN ON 112VOLT TRACK?????
Is it good for 6 year old
Will the 9.6v true energy battery charger work with this Lionel Hershey's Train Set?
Does it come with track? Enough to go around the tree?
Is is metal or plastic?
Does this come with smoke fluid for steam?
How Big is the Box that the train comes in?
Why was it not covered with the typical prime rate for a Tuesday delivery when it was purchased on Saturday night? This seems very misleading when on the ordering page there is "2days left to order for Christmas with FREE Two-Day Shipping". When you...
On mine only the whisle works and Lionel said that's normal. Help please!
Is the tender also die cast metal?
does it come with smoke
Can I use my vintage (late 1950's) locomotive with this set? It is also O gauge.
I bought the Polar Express set. Can I just set this train down and use the same controller?
I have an o 27 and would like to know if this is the same size as the boy scout model.
Is it dual voltage?
Does the set run off battery or can it be plugged into the wall outlet?
Do any sounds work beside whisle? The manual indicate bell, whisle, annoucements, idle, etc!
How is it a Boy Scout Train? My son is only 3. It looks like a cool set, but we're not involved in Boy Scouts. Thanks for your help!
how tall is he
Where does it ship
What size and grade is it?
comes with the cable to connect?
Do these headphones have straight on 90 degree bend plug? Thanks.
This is compatible with ipads, right?
ipad
can I use it as mats or do I need to attach
I may use this for a football party to hold guest seating cards attached to small wood skewers. Will the skewers be able to stand upright on sheet?
How many sheets do I need to cover my kitchen table? Its 38"X66".The description says 15X30",but is that 1 or 2 mats, and a review said they expand?
Can ths grass mat be used in an Easter basket? I'm making my own a minecraft Easter basket for my boys.
Could this be cut in half? I'd like to use them as table runner for a party. Wondered if I could cut it to 7.5x30 and line them up to stretch the length of 2 60" folding tables.
Do you ship to Brazil. If yes, how much would it be for the zip code 74093-200? Thank you
I would like to order 6 or 7, but your shipping is way to high x6 , is it adjusted for multiples?
Could you wrap this around something, like the top of a shoe, and still have it look fairly good?
Still.looking for the size of this item
Do binoculars weight 6 lbs?
What are dimensions of product?
does it stay strapped to your head?
What is the difference between the "hunter" version and the ordinary (toy) version of this?
Does the vehicle come with ball bearings, or bushings?
Hav you had any trouble with the belt?
Is this car waterproof like the Traxxass?
Is the 370 motor it comes with brushless?
Does it come with lipo and charger?
Can this doll be taken into the bathtub?
do the eyes open and close
Are the eyes blue or brown?
can i change clothes for this doll ? can it stands or seats ?
the comments say for 18 month old, but the chocking hazzard says not for under three years old. What is it?
We limit the fragrances in our house due to toxicity concerns. Does anyone know what fragrance/chemical this company uses to make the baby smell?
What height is the doll ?
does it take a pacifer
Does corolla have any dolls not scented? Are the dolls made in France?
the baby bottles I've found say for 14 inch corolle dolls. Is there a bottle etc for this size 12 inch doll?
If I order today can you guarantee delivery by Friday 5/2?
what is the size?
what sizes do they come in ?
How tall are they?
ae there holes in the base? I need 4 holes in the bottom to wire these to something.
Are there two of each color?
Do these have holes in the top?
How tall are these?
how tall are cones
Can you please explain why the blue ID L is more expensive than the other colors? Are there more features?
since its not in English where can u buy one that is in English like that new tamagotchi id l English ?
Is this Tama the English or the Japanese Version?
is it in japanese
is this the english version?
Hello, what is the difference between this one and http://www.amazon.com/Tamagotchi-Plus...
Is it in English
camera
how many inches is it total?
My 9100 spins in the air even with max trim applied in the opposite direction, how do I fix this problem?
Is there a larger capacity battery that I can use to increase run time for this?
Is a second battery a good investiment for this? How long will the run time be with two batteries?
why did our helicopter not come with charger box and charger
can this fly in the wind?
Protocol Enforcer-GX Radio Controlled Helicopter
the unit appears to have an actual servo for forward/backward control. if this is the case, which side is the control stick is for this?
I am a fan of double horse ,but you are not selling what you are offering.Please fix your add!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
How tall/big are the tea cups?
This is probably too basic a question, but I can't find the answer anywhere in the product description . . . Does this item come in a box?
What is the measurement of the tea pot?
how big are these cups?
how much liquid does the tea pot hold....can we get two cups of tea?
How many tea cups does this include, i.e. is this a service for two?
What is the measurement of the teapot and teacups?
Can you buy preemie clothes (real baby clothes) and the clothes fit?
Does this manufacturer make other clothes to fit these dolls?
Is the plastic on this doll's face PVC free and phthalate free?
Do eyes open and close
Does the skin feel real or that cheap plastic feel of cheap dolls?
Can the doll's outfit go in the washing machine?
Can this corolle doll go in the bath like some of the other corolle dolls?
does this doll's eye open and close?
Hi! I was wondering what color is the cloth body on this adorable doll? Thanks! xx
What color is the cloth body? White or skin colored.? Also are the total arms and legs vinyl or just elbows and knees down? Machine washable?
does this doll come in a larger size
is the body itself the as the arms and legs or is it made out of cloth?
Is the doll anatomically correct I wanted to give it both my daughters who are 1 and 2 and rather it was not..
Is the outfit removable?
Is the "joint" between the limbs and head and the soft body easily noticeable or palpable or is it subtle? Thanks
does this doll have a flesh colored cloth body or a "permanent" onesie on?
do any of these dolls have hair? preferably brown or black hair?
does this boy doll come larger than 14"
does it eyes close and open when you give it botlle &gt;does it take batteries .Does it mouth move ?
color ? is it pink or blue. Can i get a pink one?
which pacifier fits the corolle calin 30cm mon premier doll?
States for 12 inch Corolle dolls. Has anyone used on 14 inch Corolle dolls?
Does the pacifier actually fit into the doll's mouth or do you just hold it there? I need a doll where the pacifier can be put in and out of the mouth
Are the milk bottle and sippy cup "magic" containers?
What is the size of the bottle? Does it frustrate your child that the nipple doesn't fit in the dolls mouth?
Does this set work with any of the Corolle dolls? My daughter has the plush babicorrole.
What does it come with?
Comments say that this is not a regular size board. What is the size of this board?
can I use potato flakes instead of potato starch
can I use potato flakes instead of potato powder
What is the range (distance) of the radio control?
Approx playing time? ...
Does this require assembly?
What is the antenna size? I need to buy another please.
Does this go in reverse?
Is there any LED or similar indication that the boat (not controller) is on? Mine will not budge. I've touched the propeller shafts. Do I have a dud?
Also wondering if mosquito superlative 32 inch boats running together on a lake will get crossed signals if my two boys use them together.i
My son is crushed. We put the boat in the water and it worked for less than a minute. Now, one of the propellers won't move. What do we do?
We charged the battery, put it in the boat, turned the switch on, touched the rods and the boat does nothing. Is there a phone number I can call?
The instructions that come with the boat indicate a range of 40 meters. In customer Q &amp; A, it says range is 600 ft. Which is it?
i need 2 with different frequency. its possible?
Is there a spare rechargeable battery available for purchase?
How long does this boat last?
how long does it take to charge
can i use another battery with more power in this boat? how many mah is the original battery?
I need a replacement antenna for the transmitter. Actually mine never came with one... Can someone point me to one that will work?
how long is it?
How fast can it go?
How fast is it
How big is the boat?
How tall is this elephant? Is it the 5-6 inch one or the next size up?
how tall is it?
This is the larger Beanie Buddy version, right?
I live in lakeville, minnesota.. if I order today roughly when will I receive it?
is this doll 12 inches or 17 inches
Can the doll use a binky? I know it doesn't come with one but, could one fit?
Hi, is the body squishy, floppy soft or more firm. my daughter had a bitty baby that she has no interest in I think because the body is so firm.
Can this doll sit up on her own--unsupported?
Will preemie clothes fit her?
How tall is the doll?
Will Bitty Baby doll clothes fit this doll?
Do the eyes open and close?
what size is it
How many inches is it
is this the large fetch?
Is this a beanie boo regular 6" or a beanie boo medium 13"?
Is it made of hard molded plastic, or flimsy flexible plastic?
Does it have a drain to let water out? Looking for something to use as a sensory tub filled with both pea gravel and water. Thanks!
how do you store?
Does it come with the umbrella? Or did u get one from Amazon too?
I am confused on the dimensions. what is the length of the pool?
how tall is the pool?
I bought this pool on May 14 for $52.00. I was just going to order another one and suddenly the price is $87.98!!!! What is going on?
Is this big enough for 3 young children?
Does this come with an umbrella or is that purchased separate?
Do you know if they make a cover for this pool so you dont need to empty it daily or if you want sand in it and keep the animals out?
How many underpants are in the box?
Are the underpants cotton? If not, what material are they?
how many pairs of undies are in the box?
Why are they a choking hazard? I mean, beside the obvious. Not for the wearer, correct?
Is this a good fit for a Tri-copter?
And tell me plese, can you send it to Italy? Thanks for your attention.
will the AR7010 bind with a Spektrum DX8
What is meant by Transmitter Only Mode 2? Does this mean i need something additional to use this controller?
Does this transmitter work with bind and fly models
What is the difference between mode 2 and mode 4?
I am used to flying with throttle and ailerons on the left and rudder with elevator on the right. Can I program it to function this way?
Can I switch the mode to mode 4? I need a mode 4 DX6i. I learned the wrong way from the beginning and I fly my mcpx with Dx4e on mode 4.
Does this transmitter work with a Phoenix rc4 flight simulator? Do I need any other "stuff" to plug and play? I'm a "newbie" just starting out. Thanks
would I be able to use this on a flight simulator via cable
Has anyone else had problems with the model selection roller switch?
What is w/o Servo MD2?
Does is bind with WL Toys V915?
Will this bind with a JR 9503?
Does this come in the manufacturers sealed packaging?
is this receiver (full range)? its going on a 80 inch plane and I like to fly as far away as possible while keeping orientation.
Does this AR6210 receiver come with a full Spektrum warranty if purchased from Amazon?
Will this bind with DX6i?
What type of open field range should this provide?
Does it come with bind plug?
Is this good for a QAV250 or would you recommend something else?
Is this good for a QAV250 or would you recommend something else?
Can you use flaps, retracs, ele, rudd, aileron, and thro on this receiver?
Can a three &amp; 1/2 year old use these? Will it fit his head? Want to buy for both my boys ages 3 &amp; 6?
Looks like blue light. Is is really basic white ?
Has anyone tried to use these while wearing regular glasses? If so, how well did it work?
Can you really see in the dark? Or does it just appear that way?
Whats the red thing?
What is the yellow thing for
Is it good
I want to get one for each of my children. Will they be able to open each other's safe with their own magnetic key?
What if I don't own a cell phone to scan the QR code on the packag to access top-secret intel about Spy Gear?
How deep is the inside of the safe? I need it to store items 3" high inside.
what does it do
Is this fireproof or waterproof?
how do i get instructions on the vidio watch
what is the difference between spy watch ultimate and field agent spy watch?
There are mixed reviews what does it do and does it last a while
Is it cool
Does it need batteries
wristband o k for adult
Dose it have the date on it?
WHAT DOSE IT DO
Are the tires rubber or plastic?
is this good for a seven yr old child that weighs 70 lbs
What is the maximum age of kids that can use this
does it have real seat belts
Do you need to purchase a battery and charger? I noticed these were listed as frequently bought together.
Does the box come with a picture on it?
I've bought a power wheel dune racer and my son love it, I need to replace the rear wheels on it. Where can I find these rear wheel Please?
Would this work for a 55lb 52" tall 8 yr old girl.
will this be too large for an almost 3 year old to drive? He's average size.
My son is 2 and 35" tall. Will he be able to reach the pedals if a pillow or something is set behind him? The other vehicles seem to be too small...
how young can ride this?
does this have monster traction?
Can anyone please tell me what's the real charge time and how long does the charge last ?
how old does a child have to be for this car? Is 9-10 years old too old?
can a 7 year old boy ride it?
Do you have to put the item together or is it one complete unit in the box?
does it charge at 220 voltage. Planning to take it to Europe?
My daughter is 60lbs and 47 inches tall would this item accommodate her specs?
Is it too heavy to lift? I live in 2nd floor and have to bring it down everytime. Feasible?
can a 6 year old ride this...he is a bit taller for his age:)
what is the max weight for this item Power Wheels Disney/Pixar Cars 2 Lil' Lightning McQueen (Hudson Hornet Piston Cup)?
When it arrives is there any assembly required? Or does it arrive completely together and just charge battery?
can that be charged from a 220W volt&#xFF1F;does it include a transformer?
Does it have a seat belt?
It this car able to reverse at all?
Could someone post a picture of the battery charger? Mine did not come with one and there are more than one choice online.!
how long does it take to charge the battery before first use?
My son is almost 3 and is 35 pounds and 38" tall. Would he be too big to fit into this?
how long to recharge battery
what is the age limet
How many come 2 or 4
How tall are these tires? Compared to the stock ripsaws from the wraith if possible
how do these compare to the tsl swampers
What rims would be the best with these tires
What rims would be the best with these tires
How meany are there
how many tires2 or 4
What size rims should I get for these, any rims that are the best for them
will these tires mount on 2.2 1/16 scale erevo rims.
So, my hand keeps getting hurt using the mallets that came with my 6 foot table. I was looking for larger mallets. Would you say these are bigger?
From the pictures it doesn't look like they have felt bottoms. How do they slide on the table?
what is the diameter of the base and the overall height of the mallet ?
Do they glow under black light? Also, is it safe and smooth without the felt?
Is this the "USAA Approved" for tournament use size and weight?
Can i use these on a home air hockey table? the strikers i got keep losing their felt.
is it fast
Is it wireless?
can you make it so it can go offroad please please!?
Can you drive it out in the mud and rain and through water? And does the turret move? And gun depression work
Is it fully assembled?
can it shoot pellots
Can the turret spin?
We swabbed 18 of these on Sunday for a project due this Friday and not a single one has any bacteria growing it. Any idea why?
I want to use these in June when my grandchildren come for a visit, can I buy them now? and what is the best way to store them?
If I have an incubator can I stack dishes since i have 24 dishes to test? All can I take them out of the incubator for about 3 minutes to take a picture at different interval of Times?
do the plates have lids ans what size are the plates?
my dishes have been stored in the refigerator, i need to swab them tonight, do I bring them to room temp first or swab the agar while its cold?
My son swabbed 5 of these yesterday, He just went back to make his observation and not a single one had any bacteria growth ????
what type of bacteria will grow on these dishes?
what are the sizes of these dishes? I need to buy filter paper, and I want to make sure I get the right size!
Can I test anti bacterial soap for anti bacterial ness with a petri dish and an oven on low and a q tip and with a mouth swab? Can I test mouthwash?
What languages are the cards in?
How tall is the boy itself? What's the height of the cards? Are all the body parts magnetic - will they stick to a refrigerator door? Thanks!
Hi, how big is the puzzle?
Is the black board for chalk use
says height adjustable, but what is the height range?
does this come with a roll of paper already?
I just received this easel and was surprised that the paint was on the chalk side. How do you make your paper stay down and flat?
does this product fold for storage (flat)? Thanks!
Does this come with two figures and two vehicles?
does this come with a weapon?
What size is it? How tall?
I'm looking for havehicles
what are the dimensions of the unicorn?
What is the size of the purse and the size of the unicorn?
Does the unicorn come out of the purse?
Does the purse come with the unicorn?
How many cards in each Booster Pack: I would like to know how many cards are in each pack?
Does this come in the box as shown or you just send the booster packs?
Will this be a sealed booster box?
Are the cards English or a combination of English and Japanese?
How many cards are in the deck?
age
I bought a replacement set from Walmart and they were very thin and flimsy ... Hard to even shuffle? Are these thicker, plastic coated to last?
can phase 10 cards be used to play UNO?
Is this game anything like the "XTreme 10 Phases" android app?
What size are the cards?
Does this card game come with Spanish instructions?
What age group is this card game for Phase 10? thx
I bought 2 of these for my twin, but 1 just wont personalize, I tried about 20 plus times. Any advice anyone
why is my leapfrog storytime not customizing
What is the best age of the child for this?
can it work outside of USA (eg Barbados)
can this be played on the leapster gs console?
Will this work with LeapPad2 Learning Tablet?
does this work with a regular leap pad?
this works with the new Ultra?
Does this work with leappad2 power
Does this work with Leappad Ultra?
Do you have to have an internet connection to play the game?
Will this work with LeapPad Ultra?
Will this work on the Leap Pad 1?
How do the cartridges work? Do you load once (to internal memory) or must it be inserted every time to play?
What type and size of battery/batteries is needed? How many batteries are needed?
Have in spanish?
Is it possible to change the letter of the name once it's already been programmed with a letter? I tried the holding down the L and M thing.
this product has language selector? that is english and spanish
Can you play the Pet Pals 2 on the Leap Pad Two??
How do you restart the game from the beginning on a Leappad Ultra?
I can't get this to work on my sons leap pad 2
Can you play this game on leapster gs handset
For those with the freezing issues, what system are you using? The leapster explorer, Leapster GS, Leappad 1, Leappad 2, Leappad Ultra?
There is an update/patch for this game if you use it on a Leappad 2 to prevent the freezing glitch, does this update work to stop the issue?
Will this work on leappad2?
"works with LeapPad Tablet" What does it mean. We bought LeapPad Ultra so please tell us if this game will work with Ultra
Will this be compatible with the Leapster Explorer GS?
is the game "cooking with Hap" on this cartridge?
does it ned internet to play this game in leappad?
Will this work with the Leap Tag pen?
Will it work with a leapfrog lead pad 1 explorer learning tablet?
after purchase of app for a gift how is it downloaded to pad
is there a game for toddlers to learn how to hold a pencil
What does it mean by "internet connection MAY be required". Does it or does it not need a internet connection to use the game?
Which is better, this one or LeapFrog Scribble and Write?
Is this toy too advanced for 1 year olds?
Is this only in English or you can change the language into Spanish?
This product is also available in Spanish? or bilingual mode
Does it launch the cars for racing?
Good day, could you please let me know if product come with 40 cars likes picture shows?
Does it come with 40 cars? Do they have wheels?
DOES IT COME WITH CARS
what size cars do fit in this case?
IF IT COMES WITH CARS
Can this car be kept outdoors?
what age appropriate
What are the dimensions for the box? try to figure out how much shipping will be if I have it sent to my mother in law. Thanks
What are the measurement of the box this ships in and the exact weight of shipping? I am trying to see if this will still make the APO shipping limits
Do the "decals" come already on the car or do you have to put them on yourself?
is this a 6 volt or 12 volt battery
Does anyone have a link for a replacement battery &amp; charger that fits in this Lightning Mcqueen model? Read reviews of some 6v batteries not fitting
hi how long will this product take to be shipped to South Africa?
how long it takes to send to india
Do you ship this product to australia?
what are the dimensions of this puzzle?
The product info on Amazon's page says made in USA, but further down in another info area it says origin: Norway. Which is correct?
Where is this place?
Manufacturer's age range is wrong? 6 mos. and up? Choking hazard.
Can you wear over regular glasses?
Can you wear these on a bicycle if you are wearing a bike helmet?
UV Protection?
This might sound like a stupid question, but from the pictures these look almost like normal sunglasses. Would they work like normal sunglasses too?
What is the tiny black thing with a rubber tip, included with glasses?
is this Traxxas 3602T 1/10 Maximum Destruction 2wd Monster Truck RTR worth the money ?
Does it come with battery and charger or do you have to buy them seperately
Which battery do I purchase as a second battery. I see two choices. Flat or hump type with different connectors.
if you had to buy a traxxas bat would you buy ? Max-d or the e revo
does it is hard to drive
where does the SD memory card get installed?
Does it have a flash
Shipping package size
Are they able to see the pictures as soon as they take them?
Can you turn off the games?
rechargeable battery
Does this take a SD memory card
I have heard that these cameras use up the batteries fast and they must be replaced often. Is this true and are rechargeables an option?
My almost 2 year old loves cameras and we'd like to get her one for her birthday. I know it says ages 3 - 8 but could a 2 year old use it?
What's the age group for this camera
how can i get mini usb cable for the vtech digital camera and how much does it cost to get one?
does the vtech digital camera require a memory card
What's the difference between this one and the FFP version?
can you turn of the computer games on this camera
Would anyone say these are good for planting herbs in them?
Can someone tell me the size of these? Top and bottom diameter, and height?
would you be able to put a cupcake in them (in the wrapper?)
Could I fit a votive candle inside this bucket? Or could a votive candle fit on top with cute paper filling underneath?
Are these heavy enough to be used as balloon weights?
Do magnets stick to them?
Would I be able to put a mini succulent in this?
Would plastic silverware fit in these standing or are they too short?
Are they magnetic?
Is this truly 5x7 as the description says? The photo looks like a smaller version
Which company makes this toy?
are the pins metal
is it machine washable
does it have button eyes or embroidered eyes?
Do the ears stand up?
where was it made country or origin ?????
how tall is it in sitting position?? thanks!
I have 11 granchildren and would like to order a plush burrow bunny for each. Why does it say I can only order 5?
Some earlier reviews mention a strong chemical smell. Any recent purchasers noticing this smell? Too bad this is a common problem with imports.Thanks
Is this suitable for a one-year-old?
where is it being shipped from?
Does the bear shed or collect lint from carpeted floors?
Is it machine-washable?
Are the eyes beads or sewn? From the pic looks like beads ... Isnt that an issue ?
Is the bear stuffed with beads at all?
Are the eyes embroidered on or detachable by a teething baby?
Can it sit up by itself? Do you know how tall it is after it sits? Thanks!
Is this bear jointed or soft bodied?
can any one tell me how tall the bear is when seated?
what does surface wash really mean?
Can anyone give me the dimensions (height x width x depth) of the bear's head?
build a bear
2011 Bear: Do any of these bears say 2011?
what is the age recommendation?
is this toy made in the United States?
Why is this toy listed in the 12-18 month category, but there is a huge warning saying it's not meant for kids under 3 years??
Is it plastic or wood? Does the paint rub off or chip off?
My grand nephew is almost 3 and is quite bright and in pre-school. Would this toy be too babyish for him?
with all the revews is it over all good or bad?
How difficult are the pegs to pound for the child? I imagine my 18 month old won't be able to pound them very hard, would it still work for her?
can it turn over to pound again other way
I noticed the pegs are sitting on plastic. I see the same toy by M and D and the pegs are sitting on wood. How will this arrive to me?
If made in China, how can I be sure it does not have lead in the paint?
Are invitations included? They're in the photo but not listed.
what is exactly comes in this box, is it just the items listed or all the things in the picture
Is everything that is pictured included of just the plates, napkins, cups and tablecloth?
I ordered this last year and got everything pictured, not it only lists 4 of the items. Do you still get all items in picture?
Does this come with the foil balloons as displayed in the photograph?
Can someone list for me everything that comes with this?
It shows dinner and dessert plates but only states dessert plates. Are they both included?
What are the dementions of the tablecover?
Does this include all four sheets in the pack.....total of 24 stickers? Thanks
Can you combine shipping?
How many sheets do you get?
dimensions?
Does this puzzle include Alaska and Hawaii states?
Does the puzzle come with a board to place the pieces onto?
Are the small states like Deleware separate pieces?
Do the doors open on this truck?
A review says the garbage bins 'do not hook onto the truck' and another says it has 2 trash bins that 'can fit on the back.' How do bins work?
comes with two trash bins?
Does the bed tilt back?
How big is it
The rear (tailgate for waste lorry) gets stuck in open position and side cylinders lock on a ridge, and must be forced to release.Fix for release?
Does it come with trash bins, how many?
Two questions: (1) how does the trash get from the hinged back end to the compactor? (2) Do you push the hinged part down or are we missing a lever?
does it break easy
Do trash cans come with truck or are they sold separate
Is this the red one or the purple/pink one? I don't see a color in the description or an option to select the color...
Would it be easy to put together and then take apart so we could put it in the mail? Want nephew to be able to play with it, but is flying out.
How do these do on grass and gravel? We don't have a paved driveway, so just wondering how well it will roll on unpaved surfaces?
Does this item come with the trailer? Or does that have to be purchased separately?
Does the trailer attach to this Cozy coupe or is the trailer only able to be attached to the 30th anniversary model. It is shown attached in this pic
Can the trailer be attached and detached easily after being assembled? Or is it permanently attached once assembled?
does it include the charger??
how high does it go
can this be charged with an AC phone adapter?
DOES IT COME WITH A WALL CHARGER?
Does this come with a controller?
Is this an outside helicopter?
How long does it take to charge the helicopter battery? How long will the helicopter battery hold it's charge and fly? Thank you Community!
Does the unit include the six batteries for the contoller or do we purchase batteries separately?
can it fly outside
can it fly outside?
does it fly outdoors
how much can it lift?
The RC Helicopter Dimensions are often incorrect on Amazon, so, for the record, how long is it?
Can this be used for rc cars? thank you
Is this good for the 200 QX ?
What is the working range of this transmitter? Thank you, Jerry R.
can I use this with training software ? does it have a usb port?
i bought a 4channel full range reciever for this radio , it bind good but it wont let me use the switchess.. how come it wont work with the switches?
Will this bind with the Blade BLH7680 Nano?
is the throttle lever start in the middle and is it spring loaded
Will rechargable batteries work with this?
Will this transmitter work with a v911?
Are the pieces numbered?
How many pieces
Can a 9 year old do it or is it for adults?
how tall?
how tall is finished product
Can a 5 year old do it?
what is the size of the dominos?
How many are in this case? Some say they are mini - are they? I thought I read they are 2" x 1" size.
Are these Dominoes able to stand on their own?
Can you tell me what these are made out of?
Some reviews say they have spinners and some say they don't. Which is it? Thanks.
What are the dimensions of the Dominoes? W / H / L
I've no experience with airbrushes. Looking for one to use w/ my son to build plastic models.Is this a good choice for that purpose?
I have a compressor with a 1/4 inch hose on it. Is there a need for me to buy an adaptor to use this airbrush?
Does this set come with everything I'd need to begin painting, or would I need to purchase an air compressor or something else? Thank you very much!
does anyone do vehicle pics with this type of kit thanx
Does this come with a compressor or must I buy that separately?
can i do pictures on a vehicle with these kits, i have NO experience whatsoever
Should I buy this or the dual-action airbrush? It will be used for model cars and small firearm components.
How long is the included Hose?
will this work vertically for painting overhead such as ceiling art or decorating a ceiling?
Do you need a compressor or compressed air cans could be used ?
will these fit the udi u818a
Will this work with the U817A Quad-copter? Can I use the OEM charger that came with the copter to charge these batteries?
Will these batteries work with the Hobbyzone Champ because I am looking to upgrade the mAh from 150 to 600?
will these fit into a syma s107g?
UDI
do these batteries fit in the UDI U818B quadcopter?
what are the size dimensions of this battery?
Will these work with the WLToys V959
Do these batteries have built in over-current/over-voltage protection components? Can they be used with "dumb" chargers?
do these work in Wl toys v959?
does it fly outside?
Is there a way to switch the controller configuration around to a normal 4 channel operation
Mine wont fly more than a foot off the ground on full throttle. Anyone know how to fix this?
Is the remote mode 2?
are batteries included with shipment
If I order 3, can I get 3 different colors and 3 different frequencies? I'd like to fly them at the same time if possible.
broke the landing gear, is their a replacement
There is a lever on the back of the heli, what is this for?
What does the LED on your controller do when you turn it on? Mine's flashing green at first, and the copter won't respond till it's solid green.
What does the accelerate button? When I hit it, nothing really happens.
Is this the style of Princess Polly Pocket where their hair is removeable? (We never cared for those) Thanks!
How tall are the dolls
How tall are these?
How tall are the figures and are they moveable?
Do the dresses come off? Are they the clip on dresses?
any synchros?
Does this Deck involve cards like Blue eyes
are the these from original series?
so if i ordered 20 sets id get 400 cards?
Does (Varies) mean the rarities are random and the 10, 6 , 3, 1 is just an example , or is it just the cards that are random?
any synchros or xyz?
What kind of cards can I expect from this lot? Are there any good cards from the classic series?
Would these be able to bend (contour) around a curved surface, such as a bottle?
What plastic number are these printable sheets? Does the plastic off-gas when it bakes?
Can you print an outline and then hand-color it in (as you color regular shrinky-dinks)? Or does hand coloring not work on these? Thank you!
Hello! I accidently bought inkjet shrinky dink, but I would like to draw on it with sharpies. Would it still work?
How do I lighten 50% on my Works program to print on shrinky dink material?
Will this work with a laser printer?
Is this the Tidmouth sheds that goes with the Trackmaster Trains? We have the one for the Take &amp; Play which is to small for the trackmaster. trains.
The shipping weight is said to be fifteen (15) pounds. Is the toy that heavy?
Does the helicopter come off from the blue piece on the roof or is it permentaly attached?
I see most reviews are for ages under 3. Do you think a 4-year old would enjoy it for his birthday? It's a Thomas the Train birthday theme party.
Is this compatible with the wooden train track set?
Is there any other trains that go with this set?
Is there a track set that the trains from this set fit on?
Does this product work with the motorized Thomas sets (trackmaster)?
Will the camera attach to a tripod?
Does the camera itself have a play back screne?
Is there a warranty looking to buy for Xmas gift how long is the warranty good
how many pictures in 2gb
Does it have a flash
software compatible with MAC
How many megapixels?
I have used for one month,but yesterday when I wanted to take photo,"a red camera" appeared in the screen,with the sound of "di".What's wrong with it
Is there any way to undelete a picture? Thanks!
The carton says 6 fun sounds. Other than revving and zooming off the start, what are the other sounds?
are cars included with this?
Does anyone know which is nicer, this track or the disney version ?
Would this be a good gift for 4-year-old &amp; 1.5-year-old brothers or would the 4-year-old outgrow it too quickly?
I can't tell by the picture. Do the two cars race each other at the same time on separate tracks?
I can't tell by the picture but is there a raised groove down the middle of the track that keeps each car in a separate line ?
My almost 4 year old would like a "Race Track" for Christmas. Would this be a good one..or would he be bored? He has several other Little People toys.
Can the sound be turned off?
Do hotwheels/matchbox sized cars fit on this track?
does this set connect to the stow and tow garage?
would this be okay for a 2 year old
what is the size of package?
Is there an on/off button for the music?
Can you purchase replacement balls for this product?
what kind of batteries does this need?
Different from the product image and the actual product appearance what reason Are ???
What are the names of the songs that play?
How loud is this toy?
age recommendation?
is bilingual?
Hi I am from Venezuela and I would buy the toy, but let me know if this works with language in Spanish , or English only ?
yellow my name is natal is the dog speak spanish?
Does it play through a complete song or just a portion of them
Hello, is this toy english only or does it have a spanish language option?
How many megapixels is it?
Can you choose to turn the flash off?
Does it come with a strap?
Age appropriate for a two year old?
How many MP?
what sd card is best for this camera
can a transcend 32GB high speed class 10 UHS flash memory card be used in this camera
Given these. They shake them and they sound like they are revving their engine, but never go. Seems like we need us to hit button. What 's missing?
is it for 8 year olds
button on bottom
Do you think this is appropriate for a 2.5?
I think there is a series of five dinosaurs that fit together to make one. Is this right? Which are the dinosaurs?
Projectiles lost within the first half-hour! Are there replacements?
this toy is for a child of what age
Are the batteries already in the toy?
what kind of batteries does this take
What age group is this appropriate for?
what ages is appropriate
What is the age range?
does it have an off switch
We purchased this for our grandson for his birthday. Our light only stays on for about 20 seconds, Should it stay on until shut off?
What are the dimensions?
Robin? Does this include Robin?
what is frustration free packaging?
what language is the musics and games
What age is this toy for?
Does the microphone have the record and play-back feature?
Can you use the original Learn through music cartridges in this?
How does it work? What does it do?
does it work on carpeted surface?
if two same robots are in the room does remote control functions interfere between units
How programmable is it?
If you get two of them can they fight each other
how tall is this?
Where can I purchase additional foam discs of the correct size?
does this robot come with some foam disks or do those need to be purchased separately?
do they talk
How many inches long?
My daughter specifically asked for a unicorn that stands. Does this stand up on its own? One reviewer commented that it did not.
how big?
Can you please tell me the height and length of this product ? Thank you
Does it have a tail? (My wife's favorite old teddy bear has a stubby stuffed tail sewn as part of its rump.)
How many inches?
What does it mean that it has a weighted bottom?
Are the eyes stitched or are they buttons?
How tall is it?
Size?
How big is this bear (inches)?
are the eyes "buttons" that a child can possibly bite off or are they sewn on (not a separate attached button)?
The picture shows 6 rockets, but the text says 4. Can any one confirm how many rockets come with this kit?
what age?
Can toy be used inside?
Difference between stomp rocket and stomp rocket jr?
Are the rockets top heavy? Are they less likely to get pushed around in the wind?
is "stomper" ok to use outside when it's cold or does the plastic crack?
How far can they go when launched?
are they plastic or foam?
Can rockets only be used once?
how many extra rockets are there? description says comes with 4 plus one equals 5. picture shows 6. If it's only 5, price is too high.
What are the additional "kitchen" ingredients that would be needed to complete the experiments?
Can you provide a list of the needed supplies?
is it safe to carry in flight?
What are the recommended age ranges on the packaging?
Would this be good for a 5 year old or do they need to be older?
are the test tubes made out of glass or plastic
Can you get refills seperately of the included ingredients or do you have to purchase the whole kit again?
Would these experiments go along with the lessons learned on the Magic School Bus videos?
Does this give the scientific explanation to these experiments. Does it go into much detail or does the explanation not teach a whole lot?
What are some of the experiments?
Good evening. Could the doll be sent to Bras&iacute;lia, Brazil, ZIP 71.520-255? If it's possible, whow much will be the shipping coast (the less expensive).
Does this doll come in one of the nice closed boxes or in one of the newer ones with clear plastic on the front for display?
Do the doll's arms and legs all exended to the trunk? So we can buy short sleeves and skirt outfits for her?
i ordered the wowwee laser guns and im not sure if this is even what im wanting i would like to no if these guns r like laser tag guns and this attach
how many/what kind of batteries does this take?
is it worth it
Does the scope attach to the NERF laser guns???
Is this like a grenade launcher?
Ship to Italy?
Is this item shipped in a plain Amazon Box?
can you shoot from a long distance
I have heard that they are dangerous for the user's eyes. Have anyone heard this or know anything about it?
I have a 13 and 14 yr old grandson would these b good for them or are these for younger kids.?
Is there a limit on how many of these strikers could be used in a single game? Or a limit to the size of the teams?
Does anyone know how these guns keep score if you were to do a multiple player battle?
Is the "simple target" a target that the kids wear?
Question for those that have these guns, vests etc.... We run a laser tag activity at a high school post prom event (all night fun to keep the kids safe after prom). We usually have to spend alot to rent the equipment etc. and have it in the gym...
where is all the support for these products?
Will all Light Strike guns work with Small targets or I have to buy special gun for each target
Can you attach a scope to the light striker?
dose it come with a strip
What ages is it for?
What songs are loaded on Style 3? Thank you!
Are the lyrics appropriate for a child/young teen?
how big is this guitar? big enough for an 8 year old?
My 8 year-old grandson wants one, but is currently taking classical guitar lessons. Will this screw him up?
Do I need to purchase an amplifier for this guitar?
Does this toy have strap studs?
does it have strings you can strum ?
batteries?
can it be played by a left-handed person?
I need a strap for this guitar. Is this a series 1?
Can you tell me what songs come on this guitar
Is eight years old too old to receive a pillow pet as a gift? Is a pillow pet too much for younger kids for an eight year old?
Are they real or fake wanna be pillow pets?
How big is the large
Does this product light up?
Do you ship to P.O. Boxes? It's a gift, can it be packed without a price invoice? What State will the item be shipped from? thank you
is there any way to modify/add length to the wired remote cord? I would like to use this robot at a distance longer than just 6 ft.
Is there a way to make the controller wireless? Anyone know a way?
Is this Level 1? What is recommended age. Which Owi product for 7 year olds?
Is it possible to easily interface with a microcontroller (such as Arduino) without a large amount of hacking?
Does this include a remote control?
what age group is this for?
Is assembly required? The reviews say it took assembly, but under the 'Product Specifications' section it says "Assembly Required- No; Batteries Required- Yes" So is assembly required?
is it the best around
Does this include a remote control?
How is the Durability?
what Nonstandard Battery batteries are required. i'd like to send these also
I get that it's an Advent calendar but in the end you have all the figures pictured? Are they normal Playmobil size and quality?
Are the boxes premade?
Do these blocks work with Legos?
Has anyone used this castle with magic clip dolls? Do they fit?
how big is this castle? Is it worth it?
Do you need the additional sets like the dining room and nursery or is it fully furnished?
Does this fall apart a lot? Does your child still play with it a lot? We have lots of playmobil but no large structures, wondering if worth it.
Did Amazon ship this in an outer box or in its product box? I need as gift and do not want a banged up product box. Thanks!
Is a very bright 11 year old boy too old for these?
What is the difference between Structures and Contraptions?
Has anyone compared these to the maple ones? My son already loves the maple ones at school but I am wondering if the pine ones are just as good?
Can the box it comes with be used for storage? Or should I be looking for something to keep them in?
Keva Contraptions (more $, lower ratings) seems to be same planks as Structures but comes with balls. Would ping pong balls work w/Structures?
What age is appropriate
What size are the blocks
What are the measurements of the blocks? Are they the same as Kalpla's?
Has anyone directly compared the Keva planks to the Kapla planks? Is one a higher quality?
Does this work with water added to the bottle beore pressurization or is it air only?
Will this launcher work with the strato-fins attachment? I never did get a very good answer.... thanks
Will this launcher work with the strato-fins attachment? ...It looks like it might?
does it pump its own air?
How quick is shipping?
What are the dimensions - I saw a box from chillite that had 3 large balls with a remote that changed the LED colors - are there 4 in this set?
how many lights come in the pack and what size, If you purchase both together how many do you get and what size?
why do the lights look white out they are different colors in other pics? i dont see an option to change colors
Can you do all lights and what size are they
Can anybody tell us how many balls are included at this price?
Someone recommended not getting the RTF version, but the BNF instead. Is the DX6i that comes with it not adequate for this Heli or other helis? Thanks
Is the Transmitter Mode 2? I probably should have asked that before orderiing but didn't think about it till after I hit "submit" order.
where can i view the list parts in box
does this come with a radio??
FAT32 Hard Drives: Any ideas on how to tell what the format is for an external hard drive, or recommendations for a FAT32 external HD?
How fast can this Falcon do the Kessel Run? Any improvements?
What's the difference vs. 4504? Can anyone tell me the difference between this and the 4504 set from 2004?
Does this come with a stand for display?
Is this item factory sealed?
How come it is so expensive? On the lego website it is $100 less than this one, but it is currently out of stock
Is it hard to build
how big isit?
is all lego pieces intact for this item?
is it sturdy
how tall are the figures?
These answers don't mesh up - how tall are they? You've got 3 inches and 5 inches- big difference.
What size are the ponies?
Is this actually a castle? Like something they can play with- part of the toy, or is this just fancy packaging?
Is the cardboard box reusable
how many figures are there?
Can you use any other mix like Duncan Hines?
If the lightbulb is no longer used to bake the goodies then what bakes the goodies?
Are the mixes peanut free?
How big are the pans?
What age?
are baking pans and mixes included?
have ordered ultimate oven but no cupcake pan, will replacement pan work?
does it come with mixes
Will the round pans work in this oven?
how do i clean it out?
Has anybody tried to use preemie diapers on this doll? Do they work?
Our doll drinks the bottle without a problem but will not eat from the spoon. Could the replacement spoon we got be the wrong one?
Is the spoon a magnetic spoon? We lost II and bought the Orange spoon that came with the food. That one does not work?
Can you give this doll a bath? Or can't she be put in water?
Will the baby doll still pretend to eat even if there is nothing on the spoon or in the bottle?
does her mouth moves as she talkes
Hi There Do you ship to the united kingdom? thanks
Does this doll speak spinash too? I read that another Baby Alive doll change from english to spanish if you press and hold the bracelet. Thanks!
How long or tall us she?
Does this baby alive has the option of switching languages from english to spanish?
i reallynthought this 1 was the one where the mouth moved when it speaks...however its not..even though amazon said it could. which one is one i want?
whats the size &amp; hight of this koala
Did your Webkinz Signature Koala come in product box?
size
Where is it made?
how big is it
Does the head turn?
What size is this little bear?
how many inches tall is this toy??
What are the dimensions of this item closed as a case and when it is flat used as a mat? Thank you ! John
Do you make an extra large bin? My son has 4-5X that many bricks and I would really like some way of organizing them by six and shape and build.
does it come with 500 bricks?
will this hold all the pieces to the LEGO Star Wars X-Wing Starfighter 9493 set?
Is this really less than 2 inches tall?
how many lego does it hold
Is there a ZipBin for Girls?
What are the dimensions of the case?
Where was it made?
how large is the bear from head to toe ?
Does it contain beans or is it all plush polyester stuffing?
Item name is 'Roscoe Bear Vanilla' but the description just below that says 'large brown' and 'two tones of brown.' Please clarify. Thank you.
how tall is it?
how big is the bear?
how big is this bear
Can I put this in the washing machine/dryer
Can you throw it if the washing machine?
How big is this puppy?
Are the eyes and nose sewn on or are they plastic?
Is the bow removeable? I want to make a bandanna for it to match our real yellow Lab's favorite bandanna.
Can you ship to APO addresses?
HI! Does this fit in the KidKraft Vintage Kitchen oven?
Does this come w/ a pizza cutter?
What is the age range? Is it appropriate for a one year old?
What is the diameter of the pizza pan?
What is the diameter of the pizza pan?
Do the pieces hold up through the wash?
How big is the dog?
How big is this scottie?
how big is it?
size demensions
Are these small enough to fit in any plastic Easter eggs? Our son got the M&amp; D bugs last year for Easter and loved them so much I wanted to try these
Do the have holes in the bottom?
Are these big enough to glue a small magnet to to use for a fishing game for a kids b'day party?
Do these float?
What is the exact size the paper should be for this product?
Wondering how this Melissa and Doug product compares to the classic Fashion Plates product? Thanks.
Does this include plates that create texture and pattern? Thanks.
5 year
I wonder if the original fashion plates fit and or work with the Melissa and Doug set?
can you get additional fashion plates for this? ordered it for my niece and she's already wishing there were more plates
For what age do you feel this is appropriate? My daughter (8) has been talking a lot about designing costumes and does some of her own drawings.
How long is the tiger's tail?
how long is the tiger
does he have beans in his body
Has anyone machine washed this without any issues? Thinking of this for my toddler.
Are the beads too big for doll jewelry?
Do the flower and heart beads have the design on both sides?
How big are the beads, 6MM, 7MM, etc.?
How do I connect the two ends?
I hope the product is shipped to South Korea.
I was thinking of giving a 6 year old girl this gift but I see most reviews are talking about smaller children. Should I find something else??
Would this fit easily in a backpack?? Planning for a long plane ride and thinking it could keep my 4 year old entertained well.
Can you use the stickers on anywhere else besides only on this pad? Also, is the background stickers removerable from the pad?
Would you say the size of the stickers is compatible with the other books in this series? For example, could habitats and playhouse be mixed?
Can I put these stickers on a product I intend to sell?
Do the gears come off easily? Doesn't that make operating them difficult for little ones?
BPH free?
What age is it for?
what age is this for?
Is the plastic BPH free?
do u have to paint it
do u have to paint it
Do you sell additional led lights
Does it come with the 0 raiser?
does it has the lightning stuff.?
by LED do you mean the gn drives spin and glow, does arios/kyrios/harute have a glowing spinning gn drive thiny with LED
Does this kit comes with a base?
The photo shows that this is the Q Ba Maze 2.0. Is that correct? I'm asking because the title didn't actually reflect this. Many thanks!
what size diameter are the steel balls?
Is this a good size set....or are add-ons needed?
Would the be a good gift for my son's 3rd birthday? Other proven-successful suggestions also appreciated from parents of "now" older kiddos!
Will a 11 year old enjoy this?
the picture shows 2.0, is that what people are getting?
Is this the 2.0 big box as it shows in photo?
How many pieces?
What size are the marbles - just regular size&gt;
How many pieces are included in this set?
Does it show the Album art?
is it compatable with iTunes?
Docking/speaker if wanted.?
how do you download the music
How big is this set? It says the weight is 4.9 lbs? Is it "life size" for a toddler?
Is the rakes metal or wood plastic
Is the rakes metal or wood plastic
Would this be appropriate for an 11 year old or would it be too young?
Is this sketch book the newer version (the 2014 one with operetta and frankie) or the older version (the 2013 one with venus and frankie)?
on the pics it shows 2 or 3 different sketch book with one do you get
what is the shipping cost ?
when will it be shipped to my place?
Does this come with pencils?
how long does the battery last?
I received this missing a small bone shaped piece connecting the stabilizer bar and propellers or wings. Is there any way to get this tiny part?
Would you recommend the "V398 3.5 Channel Missile Shooting RC Helicopter RTF with Six Missiles rapid fire (Red)" or this product?
The top set of rotors don't spin, I tried tightening the screw, but they will still not rotate. The bottom rotors work fine. Suggestions?
Where can I find replacement blades for the helicopter? We've used the ones it came with...will other models fit?
how long does it fly for
What is included in the box? Is the transmitter included?
can it be used outdoors
Can multiple helicopters be controlled individually and fly simultaneously in the same area (on different channels)?
HOW big is the helicopter?
I see how you connect your spinner to this motor but, how do mount/hang motor? Can it be hung just like the battery operated ones?
Does it have a 2 prong polarized plug?
How much weight will this motor hold?
How many inches long?
How big is this item, as well as the other two? (the saxophone etc). We want to use as props for a photo booth for adults.
Does the trumpet make noise/sounds?
how big is it?
what's the measurement when it gets fully assembly?
Will KRE-O brand blocks also fit with LEGO brand blocks? My son already has LEGOs and I don't want to get him blocks that won't be compatible.
Where is it made?
can you charge it with the traxxas EX-Peak charger?
Would this fit in the Traxxas slash with that hump there?
Would this fit in the Traxxas slash with that hump there?
Does this battery work with a 4x2 stampede?
Does this battery come with a regular charger?
Hi, Could you please tell me if this battery will fit directly to my Traxxas RTR 1/10 Bandit XL-5. Do I need to purchase additional fittings? Thanks
How fast does it go
What kind of charger is it? Can you send me a picture of it? Thanks!
Does it come with a brushless motor and a lipo battery
How fast does it go
How fast does it gi
Does this comes with a carrying case or just comes with a plastic bag?
Does this comes in original packaging factory sealed
Does the thingy he hauls come off?
Can these parts also be used with lego parts?
how big is it?
what are the dimensions of it?
Cleaning instructions?
How long is the banner?
I want to hang these on my front porch during Fiesta (about three weeks). Will they survive the humidity/occasional indirect dampness from rain?
What is the size of each individual flag?
are these paper or plastic?
are the designs exactly like in the picture? or ar they more median themed??
appropriate for 10 year old boy?
Is this Munchkin rendition able to be used in the overall game or should this/must this be played alone with like theme?
Can this be played with only two players? The other editions are 2 to 6 players.
is this just an expansion pack? There isn't a board in the box...do I need tha??
About how long is the battery life for the plane?
What are the dimentions?
How big is the plane?
does it have a brushed or brushless engine
how many channels is it?
is this a 3 channel plane or a 4 channel plane
I am confused. One answer says it is a 12 inch wingspan and another says it is 20 inches.
would this plane be able to fly with a gopro strapped to it??
is this fit 2wd slash???
So I fried my Castle Creations esc from the 1405 model and I was wondering if this would handle up to a 3 s 11.1 battery?
will this fit on my traxxas e maxx
Is this a lipo only receiver like the sidewinder
is this waterproof
Can i run this set up with stock servo and receiver from a slash ultimate 4x4
does this fit on the traxxas monster jam? (Basically a stampede 2wd)
What waterproof esc is compatable with the motor?
Will this setup work/fit in the ECX torment 4x4?
Is this setup waterproof?
How fast will it go with the right gearing and battery? I'm looking for speed.
Is this a waterproof system?answers seem to vary.
Will this work with a stock Rustler XL-5 as a brushless motor and esc? Will it work with the standerd remote? What is the warranty?
what batteries should i use for this system?
can i use 11.1v 5000mah lipo battery with this motor
What size is the motor shaft?
Has anyone used this combo on the Team Associated SC10RS. If so any issues? Anything extra I need?
Can i use this with Traxxas Summit 1/10
will this work on a traxxas slash 4x4
what is better: vxl3s or casle sidewinder sct?
Will it fit my emaxx 3.3? Does it come with the holes cut?
dose it fit a t maxx nitro
Is there a difference if we were told that my son has a T-Maxx 3.3 extended truck? Or is the 3.3 all an extended length.
The body is clear and we have to paint or how does it work and will it work on a Traxxas T- Maxx 2.5?
I would like to no if this is fast car and does it come with a controler !!
Can this fit a traxxas summit
Will this fit for my S-maxx 2.5? Are there engine, body mount, gas tank, and exhaust holes already cut out?
How to put batteries in?
Can a 2 1/2 year old operate this toy
what frequency does this use?
how do i put the batteries in?
Wil this drive on carpet?
How far is the snigal.
how quiet is it and how fast is it?
Does it have sound?
is it worth the price?
should i get this or get a rc buggy?
The remote says no signal, any ideas how to fix? new batteries in the car and remote
how big is the LCD screen on the remote?
Do they use the same frequency? I have two boys and they both want this car.
What is the recommended age level?
Has it got audio ?
can you put little people or animals inside the cab?
Is this tractor metal or plastic?
Would a one-year old be able to play with this toy?
Do I need batteries
Is this remote control?? It talks about steering and the company has RC in it, but I don't see a picture of a remote.
what is the size?
How does it steer? I have an older die cast metal one that is articulating steering. Does this one articulate?
Does this item come with play food?
Is the built in seat included?
What's the difference between Step One and Step Two
Does this cart come assembled or is assembly required like with the green version?
how big a doll can this seat please?
does its legs move?
Does the doll stay on the horse without falling off? We had the Our Generation Scooter and the doll wouldn't stay on it.
What is the size of this horse?
What is the difference between Morgan horse and Morgan foal? Are they the same.
would a 14" corolle doll fit it well
Can any Our Generation doll fit on these horses? Or only the horseback rider dolls?
Is this better than the Walmart horse
What is the color around the horses eyes? Appears purple in the pictures.
Could these toys be played with in water as well? Don't want any metal (if any) to rust.
What Age Group?
where was this made?
how big are they?sure wish they would put that in the description
What are the dimensions for the individual vehicles?
how long and/or tall are these vehicles?
We have an American girl doll.we can't get her to stay on the horse. How do u fit the feet in the saddle stirrup?
What is the horse made of furry covering or plastic?
What is the horse made of furry covering or plastic?
Does this work with the original (classic) cars?
how does the trailer attach to the cozy coupe? Adhesive?
will this attach to the cozy truck ride on also? Or only the cozy coupe?
Does this work with the Little Tikes Princess Cozy Truck Ride-On?
does it come with extra string
Can you pop this yo yo back up after sleeping?
Is it unresponsive.
How long can it sleep
Is it a yoyo or just colors
Is it a yoyo or just colors
Does it come with a counterweight?
Does it include the string?
How can I get the black duncan drifter? Or do when the yo yo is shipped is it just a random color?
What YoYo should I get if i want a yoyo like this but responsive
What is the weight limit for this hopper?
How do you inflate it ?
The female in red weighs over 100 lbs that is shown on the advertisement. lmao ALSO, quite a few of the others as well. Was it really this brand?
is it ok for a 9 year old of average size and height?
What kind of batteries does it take?
Will the turn knob and wash rollers work to advance other, slightly shorter non-Chuggington cars (Brio, Maxim, etc)?
will this hook into any wooden track that is compatible with thomas wooden track?
is real water used
Is this doll made in China?
Is there a lot of accessory options for the 13 inch doll? I mostly just see stuff for 20 inch dolls.
is the baby powder scent strong or unpleasant?
What is the body of doll made of? Does the doll have any openings that take in water to doll's body? Thank you.
Is the whole body bean bag?
Is the headband removable?
Does the doll have open-close eyes?
where is this doll made
Is her body a bean bag or vinyl?
Is this doll made in China?
Is there a lot of accessory options for the 13 inch doll? I mostly just see stuff for 20 inch dolls.
is the baby powder scent strong or unpleasant?
What is the body of doll made of? Does the doll have any openings that take in water to doll's body? Thank you.
Is the whole body bean bag?
Is the headband removable?
Does the doll have open-close eyes?
where is this doll made
Is her body a bean bag or vinyl?
Are these cards laminated on both sides?
Can you build card houses with these cards?
what is on the back of these cards? thanks!
How many are in a pack?
What are the dimensions of these cards?
do they come in a normal card box?
Are they made of plastic or paper?
Why is it that the price says $39.51 in my cart, but yet every time i search for this item it coems up as $56.98? Which is the actual price? thank you
Can she sit down
Why is it that the price says $39.51 in my cart, but yet every time i search for this item it coems up as $56.98? Which is the actual price? thank you
How many of you know if you bought the real thing. I don't want to waste my time or little money I have on fake Merchandise.
How tell does it stand without the hair sticking up?
Can someone please specify if this tent has a decent size opening on top? I cannot seem to get a good picture of it and the description says "sunroof"
what are the dimensions of this structure?
measures which are the product box?
What ages does this work best with?
What are the dimensions of shipping box? Pls let me know the length , width and height.
Anyone have a problem with the oven door staying closed? It was fine until put together and opened for the first time. Now it will not stay closed!
Do the fry pan and boiling water pot make the noises like they do with the other Step2 kitchen sets?
Do the doors open and can store stuff in it anywhere?
What are the dimensions of the box for this playset?
Does it come in various pieces to be assembled, so that it will fit in a large suitcase?
Can this be dismantled?
Does this make noise at all?
which dimensions are which? Plan on using in very small space.
The description says it's 13x1x8 but the picture shows that it's bigger than that. What is its actual size?
I can not understand ... it holds 3000 bricks or 1000 bricks ?
What is the height of this as show as a box shape without top...... I want to put it underneath a train table?. Thanks!!
Does the play mat have actual lego plates or does it just appear to have them?
dose this box come with legos
what is the exact size of this item when is it is in his original package folded and ready for shipping out of the us .thanks
Is this really big enough to hold 3000 legos?
how many legos come in it
Are these truly biodegradeable??? and how long before they "Melt" away if left in the water?
Can a glow stick be used in these balloons?
Has anyone actually noticed if they float longer when filled with helium?
what are the uninflated dimensions of the 17" latex balloons? Thanks!
what are the uninflated dimensions of your 17" latex balloons? Thanks!
What brand are these balloons?
Is it all one design, or are different desings included?
Are they paper or plastic?
how many small fun world treat bags total for the 7.59 price 6 packs x30 = 180 ?? Photo says 40 in each bag.
Do these sleeves come wtih the little trademark/sticker on the left coner of the sleeve?
Are the sleeves see-through, like can you see the back of a card as well?
Do they fit cards for magic the gathering?
do these sleeves fit the yugioh cards very good, like are they the small size sleeves?
can this support someone up to 300 lbs that is 6 ft tall?
I need to use this to exercise my lower legs, such as a scissors motion, with legs hanging in the water. Can legs can hang thru the opening?
Does your back and bottom get wet?
What is the Carry/storage bag they say is included?
my husband is about 300 lbs and over 6ft. Will this support him? Will it last?
How do you go about fixing a leak in this float since the liner is covered by fabric?
How durable is this product? Would it survive a river run? Could it be linked to other river tubes?
when in the carrying bag, what is the diameter? We have the regular size, currently on vaca, but hubby is a bit too big for it
WIll this comfortably fit in my checked bag/suitcase? Or is it too bulky and not practical to bring on trips?
Is it too large for a short woman?
Can this doll be washed?
Is this more like a stuffed animal or a microbead neck pillow material?
before it said that it would ship to me in24-48hour, but when i was checking out i only had a choice between 17-28 days do they really take that long?
How big is it
can you ship it to pune, india...? pls
What shade is the yellow on the toy? Is it too light I mean is the color light yellow or dark yellow? I dont want the toy to look faded, hence asking.
Can you send me 10 to Chihuahua, Mexico????
Can you guy ship to Vietnam please? I still pay your item
how big is is?
Does it talk? Does it need batteries? Are they inculded?
Why is there open mesh type fabric on back? Doesn't water get into it?
Does it have a handle to remove it from the pool?
Does it come with a pillow?
Can I use these refills with the Zing Air Hunterz Z-Curve Bow?
can I use these refills with the air huntress z bow
can I use these zartz with the air huntress bow toy
Want a better cross bow metal arrow Bow
How does one fill the balloon up with helium? Do you need to buy a separate helium tank?
Do you fill the balloon to the full 20 feet to get max altitude or under inflate it ? I know they expand with altitude.
weather balloons for sale: I don't like this weather balloon - there isn't enough info and this one is too expensive can you guys give me a link to a better weather balloon we can launch with a camera?
How many of these balloons would it take to lift a human?
I want to use this at a music festival as a camp marker. Would it be able to withstand being tied in the air for 3 nights, and how much helium?
What is the burst diameter of this balloon?
What is the diameter when it is not inflated?
How long can it stay at the maximum altitude before popping?
After inflation, how much does it weigh by itself?
Could I fill this water and chuck it at my friends???
What size clothing do you think he wears? Would Build-a-Bear size clothing fit on "Josh"?
What is really the most appropriate age for this doll? Many reviews don't mention age, and I'm not sure whether my 15 month old would like it.
Is this machine washable?
Is there a weight limit on this swing? I'm thinking about getting it for my Nephews and Nieces to have fun with at my house but they range in age from 8 to 17 and are varying weights. I've seen several others but the weight limit is like 100lbs and...
What is the dimension of the disk
Can I attach this to a zip line trolley?
Can the rope be changed out/replaced or is it permanently affixed to the disk and not accessible?
Can I attach this to my swing set?
how big is the hole for the rope as I want to add longer rope. 10 feet isnt enough
how is this put up on a tree branch
How far from the ground should the swing be? Thanks
Can someone actually measure the diameter of the hole for the rope and provide a definitive answer for the max rope size question? Thanks!
Can you replace the rope?
Does this one have a key that clicks in the ignition?
will the Little Tikes trailer attach to this Little Tikes Cozy Coupe Cab Taxi?
cuanto pesa el producto empaquetado? buenos d&Atilde;&shy;as?. As the packaged product weighs?
can 2 small kids fit inside?
does it have a push handle for parents?
The front wheels do not stay in place. We followed assembly instructions step by step, but the wheels often rotate. What can we do to fix it??
Can you remove the roof and use the car without it?
does the light on the top flash?
How does this size up for large toddlers? My son is 40 lbs and 39 inches tall at almost three years - just want to make sure he will fit inside! Thx!
does this have a removeable floor? and opening doors? does it make any sounds etc??
how sturdy is this kitchen?
Does this kitchen set require batteries? Thank you.
What are the dimensions of the cupcake kitchen?
Did you have to punch or drill holes for the oven door? Just sent back one with no holes, but would like to reorder if I received a defective one.
Would this be appropriate for a 4 year old?
does the water faucet move?
does the water faucet moves
Can this be used outdoors?
Hello, I want to buy a car for my little child, but I want to know what material are the wheels?? I appreciate your help,
I want to buy this for my son who is turning 1. Is this something he can use for awhile or will he outgrow it fast?
Is this something you could push on the beach easily?
The hinge part of the visor broke. Any suggestions?
IS the product description accurate? No "Zippered storage area" included with one received.
does the steering wheel actually work? does it turn the wheels?
How well does it move on grass?
Has anyone had problems with the seat belt pulling out of the plastic seat?
Can it be pushed easily in the grass
what is the weight limit. my 15 month old is built like a tank at 33 pounds?
Is this entirely plastic? Would it work outside in my sons "clubhouse"?
Is this large enough for a 4 year old, or is it meant mainly for smaller children? (My son just turned 4 this September)
Does it need more tools like a drill and maybe more nuts and bolts? Or is there enough to make a 2 year old happy?
What size is the product packaging?
Any chance this made in the U.S.? A lot of their products are.
How tall is the bench part (not the back)?
Is this good for an 18 month?
My grandson (16 month) unscrews everything in the house...but he still puts everything in his mouth. Are these parts things he could choke on?
Does it have a drill?? not pictured
Is this too juvenile for a 3 year old?
Is this support like a chinning bar that can be used on its own or is it a support bar only that then requires attachments?
What is the weight limit?
Does this particular bar need to be screwed into the door frame when installed, and can the door itself still be closed once the bar is installed?
Can i use it for my hallway&iuml;&frac14;&#159; its width is 36. How to install the bar&iuml;&frac14;&#159;
Can you hang the Fisher -Price Infant swing from this bar.
My doorway opening is 36 1/2 ". Will this bar fit my doorway?
How is this different than a typical work-out bar, priced at less than half this and hold much more weight. What does this have that they don't have?
MY DAUGHTER IS 4 YEARS OLD, does it fit her?
what ages is this for?
does this product come with charger
which moshlings are there
what moshlings are there
Dose it come with all the figures in the photo
What is the size?
I need to know how much space does it take in bedroom.
can it be used outdoors, in back yard?
Is this naturally flame retardant because it's nylon or does it use flame retardant chemicals?
CAN A 4 YEAR OLD LAY DOWN IN IT?
Dimensions please
Whats the range on this R/C vehicle?
how fast is the mud slinger?
is the mud slinger fast on off roud and dirt
Is this a shell, because all the ones that I go to order are shells. My brother and I are looking for cars that would be great in all weather and surfaces.
I have a grandfather with Alzheimer, he use to play xbox and on his computer, menus are too complicated how are the menus in this? complicated?
How long is the Audio/Video cord?
Does this one show the golfer and clubs as well as the whole course like the 2011 version?
How many courses are on the plug and play home units?
Is anyone else having major issues with this game? All of the sudden this game will not work only after a handful of times using it.
Can you re-calibrate the track ball?
does it only count black and white pokemon in the pokedex
Can you take that upper part of the pokedex off? The part that says Pokemon black and white
Is this in English?
is there a speaker that will tell you about that pokemon
Does it need batteries?
do they ever run out and wont work even if you put AAA in it
does it work
Where can I find the instructions if I don't have the box?
what batteries?
how big is the truck
how do you open up the toy to replace the batteries?.
anyone knows if this toy comes in spanish too? or only in english.... thanks a lot!
Can you remove Count Von Count from the driver seat?
How big is this bus?
Does this make sound or does the count talk?
How many other characters can I fit in there?
can you add the other characters into the bus
Where are Lincoln logs made?
what age child are they for
why so few logs?
Where can I find instructions for a recently purchased old set?
Does it actually stain carpet? Have you had experience either way?
Are they the same size as the old Lincoln Logs? . We want to combine them with our old set for more building power...
How much does this box weigh?
&iquest;Will these logs fit with other logs from same manufacturer?
Why is everyone saying they are pastic when the description says REAL WOOD and stained?
This was about $30 2 days ago, the next day it went to $50, today $75? I refuse to buy anything at a jacked up price.
what weight elmo
Is there an 'OFF' switch?
Why does my Elmo stop singing in the middle of the song even with fresh batteries?
Can you adjust the volume?
elmo sings and speaks in Spanish?
Do you ship to Brazil?
what type and how many batteries does it use
How many batteries does it take to work
What are the 6 songs he sings?
I see that this doll is new, but is she in the original box???
What is the size?
what phrases does abby say?
Is this new and in a box or used?
what phrases does abby say?
how tall is this abby cadabby
What is the size of this Abby?
why won't Amazon ship this to Canada?
Why does it bother to say that 0% goes to the Make a Wish Foundation?
Where is this item printed?
I used smile.amazon.com to make my purchase of CAH contribute towards the Make-A-Wish foundation. Is that upsetting?
Why won't it ship to Australia?
Do you really donate 0% of proceeds to the Make a Wish Foundation? Or is the description incorrect?
Do you ship to other countries, like Brazil?
This should not be in the kids section
my question was not complete. I wanted to know why you are not showing the true negative reviews. Peop l should be fairly warned to buy this product.
How many people usually play this game? Is four too few?
Is this a metal dual model kit? It looks like it'd be metal if it's this expensive. Should I get this or the new AOE Optimus model kit?
Does it come painted?
is this The DMK-01 Dark of the Moon Optimus Prime with Dual Gatling Guns and Jetwings Version from Takara?
When does the paw wave? Does it have a sensor or an on-off switch?
while ordering, it does not let me choose the color of the cat. Which one will I get??
Does it keep waving until the battery runs down or does it stop after a short interval?
Does it come with a receiver?
Will this bind with Atomik Receivers? I used the SR301 with my other boat. So does that mean I need to buy another SR301?
Does this come with a receiver?
dOES IT COME WITH SERVOS?
This control can be used in a boat with engine ZENOAH 26CC???
How many model memory does it have and How much from another receiver?
I need a 2.4ghz transmitter for my brushless setup I want to build on my micro t rc. Is this dcm 2.4ghz? Are all dcm transmitters 2.4ghz?
Does it come with a receiver?
Is this the replacement for the dx3s?
Will this work for a Axial SCX10? I either have a bad stock transmitter OR a bad receiver.
does it cont poit's
does it break quikly
can you get parts and whare?
The title of this product says "Beyblade Metal Fury Beylocker Case". The PHOTO shows Beyblade METAL MASTERS! I ordered it according to the name of pro
what are the dimensions of the compartments for the beyblades? thank you.
Is it that really worth it
is it metal master or metal fury?
does this case work with beywheelz?
Which bey does it come with?
does it come with a beyblade?
Will this hold Beyblade Warriors?
how tall are these clubs? Thank you
My kids are 3 and 41/2 yrs old. Are they long enough for them?
How long is the club?
Does the software work on a mac?
do you have to import movies to computer to see them ?
Has anyone tried to incorporate this camera into a slot car such as Carrera 132?
i would like to ordered 3 of this cars (2 white + 1 green), but my shipping address is in Germany, I will pay the shipping cost.
What is the weight of the cam?
If i take this apart and detach the screen will it still play the video.
is it rc?
how far duz it fire on average?
how do you un jam it?
Can I get it which a 20 mag
This does not take Batteries Right?
is it motorized
Are the discs hard or soft? Do they sting or hurt when hit? Thanks
How is the accuracy?
Is it good for dart warz
My son want's to know how long it is
How long is it
how does the aimer work
How loud is the motor?
does it need batteries
Is there a single fire mode?
is it powfull
how do you wrg
how far dose it goe
Does this product come with a carrying/storage bag?
So this comes with 150 balls...is that correct? What is the diameter of the balls?
Are these balls bpa phthalates free?
Are these balls hollow inside (so easily crunched) or filled with air?
This Q&amp;A is a little confusing... Are there 150 or 300 balls in one order?
Are these balls PVC- and Phthalate-free?
I like to know how big are the balls,and is it 300 balls per bag?
how many balls are there?
Is this an all vinyl doll?
What Is The Actual Length (size) Of This Doll?
Has Anyone Purchased Extra Clothing For This Doll? If So What Size Or Brand Did You Buy That Fit. My Granddaughter Is Really Into Changing Outfits.
Does this doll go potty after eating so you can change her diaper?
Can you move the arms and legs on this baby to sit it - like in a doll stroller and to carry it?
Good morning, speaks Spanish Doll
Does The Doll Have Open~Close Eye?
Is This An All Vinyl Doll?
What Is The Actual Length Of This Doll?
Does This Doll Have A Clothing Line Or Accessories.
I have a tall two year old. What would you say the max height is for this bike?
What is the maximum height for this seat?
is this ok gor a 2 year old boy
Terrain--does this bike need hard surface, or is it good on grass, rocks, hills? Our grandkid lives in a third world country.
Once the child is up to speed and coasting, where do they put their feet? I see some balance bikes have foot rests, but this one does not..
Can you please tell me if this ships in one or two boxes? Thank you.
Are the tires rubber or hard plastic? The description says soft tires, but below it says puncture resistant tires.
Are the wheels 12 inches?
How many inches does the seat and handlebars adjust? Also, are the tires foam or air with tubes? Thank you
Where does the child put their feet when they lift them up to practice balancing?
What size dolls can be used with this castle?
Does this castle come with a doll?
How heavy is the castle with its packaging?
Is it possible to purchase the accessories seperately? Some of ours broke.
hi, have you a rapunzel castle?, because the castle in the photo is the cinderella&Acirc;&acute;s castla
Where do you install the batteries? There is no spot for the batteries.
heard this is the fastest air hog is it?
Can i fly two of these without them interfering with each other?
How to charge
why will it not fly
I am looking for this set but for French language, where can I get it?
Size of board?
Why is this not shipping in Toronto, Canada? :(
do the pieces come with this board?
If anybody recently owes the Monopoly Luxury Edition does the Board look exactly as the picture shown?
Which seller should I buy from if I want the brown one and not the white?
Was the item the same as you ordered and see here online? Specifically is the Board all white around as you see in this picture? Thanks for your help.
The current one that you will upload has the symbol $ sign changed into a different one?
Which version of Monopoly is it? The original English as in Mayfair and Park Lane or is it the US version?
Is the board entirely brown like in the picture or is the section with the properties whitish like in some other pictures?
I want this in the wood tone that it's shown will I get it ?
There is a review that says that there are no stops for the drawers and that they hit each other, is that true?
How would you compare this model to the Danbury mint monopoly version that came out a few years back?
Is the board magnetic? Does the base rotate? Are the chance and community chest cards made from a thin paper material?
Is there a weight and age limit that this set will handle?
What are the dimensions of the upper level fort area (covered area + the uncovered area)?
What tools do I need to put this together? Please list everything. This will give me time to buy the proper tools as I await my shipment. Thank you.
can an additional swing for toddler be adedd?
is everything included, wood,slide,swings and fort?
Is there a seat at the snack window?
What type of wood is this set made from?
Does this set include monkey bars?
How many feet does it need to install inthe backyard
how big is the box
How is the quality of the wood? Does it seem sturdy or soft?
What does the backside of this swing set look like?
Does this set come with everything pictured? i.e. slide and swings
I have a 2 yr old and 10 yr old. Would you recommend for older child?
Shipping Weight: 430 pounds. What shipping size( dimensions)? Is it one box or separate boxes?
What tools do you need to have to be able to put it together? Thanks
can i hang an extra accessory from the monkey bars like a swing or something?
Can you change the swings out? I have a 6 month old and would like to put a baby swing on this set so that he can eventually swing too.
What is the weight limit on the swings? Can adults use them?
Do these swing sets come with the slide and swings?
Is there a little figure that come with it and snaps on the band?
Can you alter the size if its too big for my 5 year old?
In the picture for the product it shows Jay has a sword. My son said, "but why? he needs to have his swingy thing" (numbchucks). What is included?
Can u ship Lego ninjago kids watch to Singapore?
does it come in retail packaging?
how hard is it to down load your own music
Could a high school Spanish teacher use this for giving directions, having kids do presentation in Spanish , etc. ?
Can you use this without music?
Does it have a record and playback function?
what batteries does this unit need?
1 year old
How many songs can it hold?
Does it have a USB port?
What are the two pre-loaded songs on the device?
how do you lower and higher the volume on it?
I've read where it isn't loud enough, is that true? Also how big is the unit? Can a 2 yr old make this work? Thank you for any answers you may give me. One more thing, what is the size?
Can it be connected to an iPod, MP3 etc?
Does this have the same functions as the gold one?
Can you sing without the songs playing so you only hear your voice with the vocal effects?
what are the 2 songs that are on the machine
does this work with a mac?
what age group does it suit
what is the age groups
Does this have touch screen? What all games are included? I am planning to buy for my almost 2 year old will it be age appropriate?
Does is play DVDs?
Can you just type on this and see what you've written on the screen?
Does the VTech AC adaptor work with 220 volt
Are the batteries included? How long do the batteries last? Does the mouse work good?
Can I buy this product in Spanish? please answer me, I want to buy quickly, for christmas
My granddaughter is left handed. Can the mouse be moved to accommodate the left handed child?
How durable is this?
this product is configurable in Spanish language?
You can change the language to Spanish?
is it appropriate for a one year old
how many batteries does this toy need? can it be operated without ac power?
my god son is 7 years old is he going to be to old for the games
Is there a way to *save* the volume, contrast, and name settings? When our daughter turns off the machine, it reverts to the original settings.
Can the child type words and read them on the screen?
Does it help you to spell words correct?
Is this appropriate for a 7 year old?
What type of educational programs are available?
Has anyone checked the paint for lead?
Hi the side of this truck work for 1:18 figures? (3 3/4)
what age group is this appropriate for?
Is this O.K for a 2 year old?
What is the typical length and height of these?
Where is it made?
What is the size of this truck.?
You can change the language to Spanish?
Are the installed activities the same as the non-web version? Does this have progressive learning levels too?
How many gigabytes of memory of the laptop?
This product is configured for the Spanish?
It keeps saying touch the mouse to select the option, however I tried every button of mouse, it doesn't choose the option. Is the mouse a decoration?
What age group is this designed for?
Can you plug in headphones?
Am I to understand that if I have internet service at my home this will connect to it?
Can you use the mouse with your left hand?
Are the letters on the keyboard in CAPITAL or small?
the computer has the option for Spanish language?
I wonder as switches to Spanish thanks, buy the item but do not see the Spanish way?????''
What is the age range for this laptop?
Does music play in the background? If yes . Can i turn it off?
For what age is this?
Can we unplug the mouse when not required?
uses only English language? You can switch to Spanish?
Just use the English language.? You can switch to Spanish.?
Does this require any batteries and if so, what kind and how many?
Greetings, can you select different languages? particularly to Spanish..?
Will this vacuum pick up lots of things, or just the two disks that are provided with the toy?
DOES THIS MAKE A VACUUM SOUND?
How heavy is it? Could an 18-month-old maneuver it?
Will this pick up lego pieces?
Why doesn't my white chalk right on my chalk board?
Is this 10mm chalk?
can i use this on chalk painted wall?
Is this multi colored chalk free of lead?
what is the size of the eraser?
Is this chalk lead free?
what colors are there? I need purples and orange
Does this chalk work with the Melissa &amp; Doug Deluxe Standing Easel ? http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000...
is the chalk dustless?
Does the eraser work well on spray painted chalkboard?
can you put in real money for it to work if you don't know then can you please test it and then tell me
how many claws are there?
Can you puts stuffed toys in it
Is there a way to get the $ out?
can candy easily slip out of the claw and when does it come to a home
a do you need coins to start it
Can you fill it with 3" stuffed toys?
It says you can use small toys. Would toys that are 1.5 inches tall work in it?
Does the machine come with the candy?
Does this toy come with prizes, or do I need to buy them for a complete toy ?
What are the dimensions of the Castle?
How tall is the castle?
Are the parts edible?
I received the castle parts today in a timely manner. Thank you. Can you please email me the instructions.
If this is electric, how does it operate? Does it come with a foot pedal?
Is this pottery wheel classified as AC/DC? (Battery or Electric)
I want to know how old the child is who has bought this item. Do you like it compared to other wheels. I am looking at the Do Art Wheel also
Hello, my question is about Pottery Wheel Special. Does it come with the AC adapter or we have to buy it separately? Thank you!
which tools + accessories come with the kit (knives, cutting cord, sponge, clay or terra-cotta, metallic paint or regular), thx
how wide is the diameter of the actual wheel that you spin the clay on?
Is this too elementary for a smart 13 year old? I don't want to insult my niece's intelligence, just want something fun for her.
Is this a good toy for an 8 year old
age group
Is it appropriate for a 6 year old?
how do you [;ay the game
Can this game be played using only one hand?
How is this one different from IQ fit? They look quite similar, so I am not sure if worth getting these two games or just one of either will do....
board games
How many pieces does this come with?
Is it worth buying if we already own Kanoodle? How different are the IQ games? Thanks.
Is additional space needed on each side for setup?
Hello. Can you swap out the swings for different types of swings (i.e. a swing with a seat for a young toddler) or are they not interchangeable?
Without the trampoline attached, what is the length of the swingset (slide attached)?
how long is the swing from pole to pole (no trampoline, no slide)? We are trying to fit this under the canopy of a tree in our yard.
Do I need to purchase an anchor kit?
How wide is the swingset/slide exactly? (Without the trampoline ?)we are tight on the width space. Does it "lift" when being used?
Do you have to attach the trampoline to the side of the swing set or can you use it freestanding somewhere else in the yard?
What is the weight limit?
i dont have grass in my backyard (is a pool and driveway). I want to put down fake turf, is this stable on turf/concrete without anchoring? Thanks!
Are the dimensions provided of the toy or the packaging?
does this require batteries?
Hi, is it genuine Hasbro toy or a copy?
size
How long are the rockers?
how big is horse? top of page says 28.75" x 11.125" x 26.5" middle of page says 32.2 x 11.9 x 32 bottom of page says 35.25 x 11.875 x 32 in
what is the weight limit for horse?
does it make sounds and movement
How much assembly is required?
Is the saddle made from real leather?
It says requires batteries. Some reviews says it makes sounds and other reviews say it does not and it has no batteries. Which is true??
where do you put the batteries?
where do you put the batteries?
where do batteries go?
How strong is the back support? My daughter likes to rock really hard on these and sometimes will fall backwards on her existing plush rocker
The horse does not make any kind of sound. I keep trying to pull and twist the ears, but no effect. Also can't find where the batteries go. Any help?
does the tail move?
How high is the seat on this toy? Is there a weight limit?
what does the horse do? (besides rocking)
How do you get the box with the batteries opened? I've tried tiny phillips screwdriver to open the box and screw will not budge.
I can not find any place for batteries and pressing on the ears does nothing?
hi, how long is the doll, it came with the outfit like in the picture?
I got a little box with the doll with some putty like stuff. What is it?
Is this doll fully assembled? A lot of these dolls only come with the body and no wig or outfit... So is it as pictured?
are the butterflies stickers that can potentially peel off?
Can you put this in the dishwasher? How can you clean all the little crannies inside?
How is this compared to the Green toys teas set? Need to select the best tea set for a todler
What type of plastic are they made of? Can you see the recycle number on it?
Where is it made?
Can this pour real liquid out of the teapot?
About how much does the teapot hold?
So many 5-star reviews, but all the 3-star reviews complain about the cups tipping. Is this a real problem?
Can I put warm water in the tea pot and do you have to hold the lid when pouring liquids from the tea pot?
does the lid stay on when pouring?
Do these gloves have a mode to glow continuously on blue only if set?
I want to place an order of 100 gloves for an event im having really soon. can you be sure that they work without needing to replace batteries?
Do they have removeable tips?how hard is it to change the batteries?
how does it work?
Hello, can you please tell me how long it takes to ship to Denver Colorado? Would it be possible to get 2 sets of gloves there by Wednesday? thank u
I would like to order about 225-250 and only see up to 30 quantity available - How can I do this?
Is it one size fits all?
Do all the modes trail, or just the 3 color trailing mode?
Can anyone confirm what batteries they come with: CR2016's or CR2032's?
are batteries included?
How long are these sticks (inches)?
Is the confetti eco friendly/bio degradable?
Are these safe to use in our inside (average size living room)? Would the confetti vacuum up? Thanks!
How many sticks are in a box?
how long does it take to dissolve
can you get buy the confetti refills
can you still play "regular uno" with these cards or are they different?
Can you put different uno cards into the machine (want to put angry bird card in the robot). Will that work?
speak only in english?
Is there an audio-out jack? Would it be possible to connect it to speakers?
When roboto says trade hands, who do you trade with?
If Roboto asks someone to (trade hands, discard, etc) and then says 'so&amp;so' turn. Do you continue in same direction of play or start clockwise again?
How do you change your name
The robot can speack spanish?
rules for uno roboto how to play?
does it need batteries
Does it have a DVD with it?
dimensions
Can the balls be purchased separately?
Do you need the starter to use other wall track sets? The retail price for the starter set is reasonable, but the fake holiday prices are the only ones I can find and the product isn't available in any local stores, so I wondered if the other wall...
we painted my sons room and took the set down. I can't locate the template to set it back up again, where can I get one?
What are the dimensions when installed? How much wall space is needed?
cars for wall tracks: Can you use regular hot wheels and matchbox cars for the wall tracks?
Are the mosnters asymetrical (i.e. do they have different traits)?
Is it good for 21 to 25 year old college bro type men and women?
should i get this? it's $30 atm hmmm i have munchkin already is this game better or similar?
Does this copy contain the engraved dice? I have heard of trouble with the paint eventually rubbing off with extended play in pre-2012 versions.
worth buying power up?
Does it include promo cards? the promo cards are the monsters Le Geek, Brokenbar, Space Penguin and the 11 event cards shown in the 4th product image
Is it packed and new
Is this game worth the cost? It doesn't look like there's much content for what you pay. I'd be willing to look past that if the game is a lot of fun, though.
My wife &amp; I only play with each other. Is this game any fun for just 2 people?
We play this with 2 and play went very fast, almost seems too fast. Are we doing something wrong?
I Just bought a Belkin AC 1750 and can't kind the user name and password to connect, can anyone help me with this?
What range does this have in distance from the router?
Reviews on AC 1750
Will this rout er work as a combo DSL modem / router? Nothing I see in this product's description states it is DSL compatible..
What's the range of power supply? Can it use in China?
How to change UnPn settings?
I can't kind the user name and password to connect my Belkin AC 1750 can anyone help me with this?
I have a MAC OS X Software 10.9.3 will the software updates WORK
Any way to manually assign an IP to a connected device?
Is thaht possible to and a Filter for the publicity. To stop the publicity in the router like Adblock.
Are these cards usable in tournaments?
is there mana
How are these cards packaged?
Did it come with any mana im new to playing and i need it to make a deck?
Are all cards included usable for modern tournaments?
What set(s) are they from?
received a box with receipts showing these cards were to be in box.....no cards. help!
how much land comes with this?
do you recommend this product? not people who are giving one star.
Do you really get 100 cards? (bought from one similiar before and only got a box of about 5 cards and a reciept)
Does this game replace Munchkin 1 (the original game) or can it be used with Munchkin 1?
what is the object...how do you play?
Is this game simple enough for a family/friend game night with people who haven't played games like this before? (We're all ages 25-50, but most of us haven't played anything too complex before. I want to start looking into games that are more...
Is this game good for two people to play or does it loose some of its features when there are only two players?
Does the board flip over and have epic munchkin capabilities, levels (1-20)?
Does this box set comes with level counters?
are the pawns included cardboard rectangles as shown or plastic like the user photos?
Does this box have any room to hold expansion decks?
We have a 10 year old son who loves anything zombie! Any recommendations whether to start out with Original or Zombie Munchkin?? Thanks!
what is the difference from the original?
if you bought her a reel baby outfit. What size would she ware?
does she come with all of the outfits in the picture
Where is this doll made?
Do her eyes close and are her arm and legs vinyl?
Does she have sleeper eyes that close when you lay her down?
Does this baby doll come with the socks and shoes that are shown in the picture?
what size close does she ware in real baby close?
witch doll is better to get pin a for seasons doll or eieio doll
Are the whole arms and legs made of vinyl all the way to where they attach to the body so it could wear onesies and short sleeves?
Is the vinyl hard or soft? Is it pliable where you can squeeze it? Is she all vinyl or is her body made out of fabric?
Can this be used indoors? If so, how do you "ground" it?
I have read and re-read the product description but cannot find where it says what this made of. Plastic? Metal?
can I prevent it from turning 360 degrees?
Is the see saw made of metal or plastic
This item unboxing shiping size ?
I'm thinking of getting this as a christmas gift to use inside our house this winter....how big of an area does it need to turn the 360 degrees?
I have an 8, 6 and 5 year old, is this more for little kids or will big kids enjoy it too?
When one side is down, how high off the ground is the side that is up?
Does this item come in a box unassembled, if so how big is the box.
IS this see saw big enough that it will last a while. I have 5 &amp; 3 year old girls...I want this to last a few years.
what's the difference between bop it and bop it xt?
I bought a new Bop It, changed the batteries and pressed the reset button,.but it doesn't work, what should I do?
I bought a new unit, replaced the batteries and pressed the reset button, sadly, it's not working. What should I do?
Hello good day there will be a chance to get a bop it to speak in Spanish, is for a child with visual impairment and is Latin not speak or understand
IS THIS A GOOD PRODUCT FOR A 5 YR OLD
Can the language be changed?
Is there a max score? I got very annoyed when I found out the Bop It Extreme 2 only went to 250 moves.
can you change it to spanish?
what is the difference between bop it and bop it XT
how does it compare to the original Bop-it?
Is this doll weighted?
what does she do
Can this doll be posed in multiple sleeping positions and hold the pose? Looking for a prop doll to model handmade baby items.
can she take a baby pacifier.
does make any sounds
What are they made out of?
Does anyone have a suggestion for a board for this beautiful chess set?
is the chess board included?
Can you still offer one extra white an black queens for this set?
What is the base size of the king, queen, bishop, knight, rook and pawns?
Size of pieces?
How much does the set 32 pieces weigh in grams?
do you offer a way to buy extra queen foe each color on here?
Is the board included?
Are these full size pieces? How tall is the king?
will it fit on a radio flyer classic trike?
appropriate age
My DD has this bike. Can anyone tell me if the seat will fit? http://www.amazon.com/Schwinn-Boys-12...
Can you find any Doll Ride Along seat that will fit a Disney Princess 16" girls bike?
Can you find any Doll Ride Along seat that will fit a Disney Princess 16" girls bike?
what are the dimensions of the seat?
The description says it will mount to the seat post but none of the pictures or reviews show this. So does it?
Our daughter has a 15" Melissa and Doug doll. Do you think it would be outrageoulsy too big for a doll that size?
Will the seat work on a bike with a fender over the back wheel?
will it fit on 12" two wheel bike
what scale is it?
did this kit come with a display stand originally?
How hard would this model be, and also would this be in need of paint?
whats the height of this model??
What type of material is this model made out of? Is it all plastic or does it have some metal parts? Do you get the sense that it will break easily?
Can you adjust dual rates and expo with this sim-(Using DX6i)
will it work for a dx4e?
Need help. My Phoenix sim V.3 will not upgrade to ANY newer versions. I'm running Windows 7 Home Premium w/ Intel iCore i7 processor. Any suggestion?
Does this work on MACs?
Will the Great Plains Realflight R/C Flight Simulator Interlink Plus Controller by Futaba work with Phoenix?
Does this come with a battery and charger?
I want to purchase this truck for my son for Christmas. Please tell me everything else I will need to purchase for him to run this.
dang which is the best emaxx
Is the car waterproof?
Is this a very durable truck that i can bash and do jumps with every day? I would like to be sure that this truck is a true out of the box basher..?
this car s 4wd or not
I want the 3908L version, could you get me???
This is the E-Maxx Brushless Edition (3908 L) or only the (3908)??????
Description says "... and a Charger". But reviews say it doesn't have one. Which is it?
what size should be used for a 12 pound cat?
I am not sure whether to get a small or medium size for my Pug. He is 20 lbs. and his waist is 19 inches.
Is there a bag that allows for being able to go to the bathroom without waste being held in the bag
what about static electricity?
has anyone used this on paralyzed cats?
How wide is the mother duck from side to side?
has anyone tried having the ducks suck up bleach, let it sit a bit then squirt it out, suck regular water, squirt out, in clean.. to clean the inside
Is this a set of four of the set of four ducks? Or is it just one set? Description is confusing.
How wide from side to side are the baby ducklings? I am looking to make a silicone mold out of a duckling for a soaping project.
how big are the ducks?
Is this toy Phthalates and BPA free??? In which country does it make?
Is it just the one?
the globe stress ball when you sqeeze it does it go back into shape.
when you sqeeze it doe,s go back into shape
can i choose the colors?
Is blue/green currently available?
How tall is the item?
What ages is this recommended for? Is there something good for a 10 month old baby fascinated with water?
Hi, the photo shows blue and green colors, is that the exact color you will ship if I order today?
What are the exact contents of the liquid timer,etc. broke one and a strong toxic smell was evident..
Hello, is it possible to deliver in France? Cordially
What are the exact contents of the liquid timer,etc. broke one and a strong toxic smell was evident..
Can this be used as a timer? what is the amount of time that passes?
is this cube waterproof, heard a couple rumers about that
How would you compare it to the regular rubiks cube?
is this the "wind" shengshou 3x3?
Are there bearings? Do we apply stickers? What country is it in?
is it sticker less
Can it be shipped to spain?
is it the full size
Is it safe for children under 3 years old.
is it a speed cube?
So what is the size of the cubelets?
does it wrinkle up if its on carpet? im afraid it will be too thin.
What are the dimentions
How can I get the baaaaad smell to go away?
Is the pattern as repetitive as it shows on the picture? Thanks!
Has anyone used it on grass?
Is the road wide enough to fit a Matchbox/Hotwheels car on each side of the road? The roads look "skinny" in the pictures, so it's hard to tell.
Did anyone else not get the strap that was in the description?
My son was given this mat as a gift. It's cute, but it slips on our flooring (fake wood laminate). Any suggestions from other parents?
Does this fold up like a mat or roll up like a rug?
is it more like a rug? i want something for my sons room, is this durable?
does it contain bromothymol blue?
I need this delivered no later than 1/4. Today is 12/29 and the item is listed under Amazon Prime but it says the delivery estimate is 1/6 - why?
what does the kit contain?
Does it come with Spanish instructions?
in this kit if you mix two things will it explode
what age group is this for?
Are these experiments the same ones as in the Magnetism &amp; Electricity kit by Thames &amp; Kosmos?
Is it necessary to have 1 kit for each child? I'll be doing this with my 3 kids during the summer break.
is this suitable for a 12 yer old, or too simple?
What songs does this toy plays?
I need something with a light to entertain my baby in the car at nights. Would this toy do the job?
Teaches in English and Spanish?
Product Summary states teaches letters A-Z but Product Description does not reiterate. Does it have an A-Z function?
WHAT SIZE BATTERIES?
what's the difference besides price, between the laugh and learn learning lantern and the laugh and learn learning lantern baby gift?
Can you still access the headphone jack when using this play case?
Does this item fit the new IPHONE5C or S?
Would this fit a standard android phone?
If I have a 4S in a bumper case, will it fit without having to take the bumper off?
It is COMPATIBLE WITH SAMSUNG GALAXY S3?
Will the very first iPod touch fit in this?
it says for Ipad but will it adjust for say a Nook?
Does fit the Samsung Galaxy S3?
Does this work for the iPhone 4s?
why does this exist?
I am interested in buying this toy but I wonder if they have the product in the Spanish language?
Is the CD worth the difference in price?
what's on the CD?
I need to know the exact reference of this fisher-price product, what is?
What is the maximum age that a child would still play with this toy?
Hello, is this toy english only or does it have a spanish language option?
If I order two of these, Can I get one shipped to me and another shipped as a gift to another address? If so, how much will the next day shipping be?
what type of batteries are required?
what is considered as standard packaging? Does it have original fisher price packaging, or plain bland cardboard box?
Is the CD any good? It costs 7 bucks more to buy this compared to the puppy without CD.
Anybody know which toy is compatible with the little tow hook on the back of the RV?
Would Barbie's little sisters fit in this set? I think Chelsea is her name...also friend Kira.
does this work sith barbies
Will it fit Calico Critters?
Can you use the "little people" figures in this instead of having to buy to "loving family" figures?
what age can ride the trike. can a three year old this
Does this version of the Dora Trike have he basket on the front?
what kind and how many batteries does this use?
Does the cell phone work? What I bought just work sometimes! not always has sound.
What is the age limit for the trike
How do the wheels fare over asphalt and gravel?
is there a weight limit for this toy?
Where can I find stickers to replace the old ones on the trike?
Is this version a ShengShou 4x4 V4 or V5?
Is this cube 62 mm
Is this version 4?
Is it possible that some of could pieces be flipped
What's the name brand
What are the opposite colors on this? Are white and yellow the opposites?
how long does it take to ship?
Does this cube have caps on the corners like V2? Or which version is it?
Why did mine come scrambled
Is this cube stickerless
Will this battery fit in a Traxxas Rustler VXL?
will it work for my duratrax evader ext
so it more than 7.2 volts
it says it hase revers polarity.. how do i fix it
would this battery fit into a krytac spr stock? if so is it just against the buttpad or would it actually fit down inside the battery tubes?
I need 12v to give power to a monitor, this would work?
Can I attach two or three of these batteries together?
Can I charge this battery with the charger of my Phantom 2 battery charger?
does it work on my miss geico rc boat
Will this work with the Helion dominus 10scv2
Read good and bad reviews on this product. Need to know if its worth buying considering the durability and not standing up on its own.
does it require batteries
scratch floor
Can someone give me an idea of how loud this toy is? Also, is there a volume control feature? My child is pretty sound sensitive.
Does the wand detach? Also does it come with any attachments? I got my son another Dyson vacuum (without the ball) and it has those things.
thinking about buying this for my niece. Does it stand up on its own?
how do you retract the wheels?
Most reviews mention 1-2 year olds. Would it be ok for a 3.5 year old? Could an older kid manipulate the suction control by herself?
How tall is this vacuum?
does this toy work on hard floors (roll easily etc)?
Does the mouth and tail move on this one?
After searching Patrica Pony from head to toe several times we do NOT have a velcro opening for batteries, so no sound. Very disappointed!!!
How do you clean it? The white color must get dirty.
They should make it more clear which Patricia comes with sound. Reviews are confusing
where is the battery compartment on happy trails rocking patricia pony
I cant find where the batteries go for sound. I got mine on a lightening deal...does it not have sound?
My daughter is an average four year old. Will this be big enough for her? She's always wanted a rocking horse but I'm afraid it won't fit...
What is the seat height?
Does anyone know the weight limit?
What size shoe would you think it can fit
would this be too small to put a newborn diaper on?
what size shoe would you think it can wear
baby
is it worth the money
can you get me 60 of these? I need to give these to all my school kids, thank you
how tall is it in sitting position?? thanks!
WHAT IS THE SIZE OF THIS PILLOW
is it washable
does it have a certain age a child can use it?
how much line can this hold (e.g. possible kite fishing with it)
Does this come with strings??
spool size in inches 6 or 7.5 or ???
Is Moon Sand the same as Kinetic Sand?
is it the same as moon dough?
How big of a plastic container do I need to buy to keep my 5 pounds of moon sand in? (I don't want a sand table!)
can "shape-it sand' work with kinetic sand?
Is it really sticky?
is moon sand better than kinetic sand?
What is Moon Sand?
can this be dyed with food coloring?
Is moon sand and shape it sand the same thing?
Is it moon sand or shape it and what's the difference?
How long is the longest piece? Have to take on airplane. Possible in luggage?
WE will be meeting our grandchildren at the beach for thanksgiving ages 18, 10 and 6 will this kite be durable enough to fly on the beach?
Is this an appropriate "first kite" for my 4 year old? Is it easy to get up and fly?
Would a ten year old boy be able to fly this? (After it's already assembled.)
We lost the middle stick which is suppose to support the kite, is it possible to get a replacement?
does it come with string
How long is the included string? Thanks!
What is the weight of the package? I'm planning of checking it in at the airport.
Does it have a black lotus?
Pictured: Are the cards I'm getting the ones pictured?
are there planeswalkers in it?
How come you have a picture of those power 9's when the title clearly states that it's uncommons? That's not right and in a way it's like false advert
Is there a way to protect downloaded material from being deleted by the child? Is there any way to prevent this?
Is Innotab only in english? Does any one know if the innotab comes only in English?
what age group?
Can I watch movies on v tech?
How do you charge this? I'm sure it sounds silly! Can one help??
Do you have to have Internet to use this Vtech Inotab interactive or can I buy cartridges to work in it?
Learning Lodge not recognising innotab: Has anyone had this problem?
Recommended SD Card Size? I just purchased a Innotab and am curious about the recommended size of an SD card?
Can you tell me how to download game from my computer to my innotab2?
What ages is this suitable for?
What is the weigh for the inflatable bounce house?
Can a larger kid like a teenager get in this bounce house? I am looking for one for teens/adults/toddlers.
dimensions of the packaging?
Is it only good for obstacle races or has room to play in it and bounce around?
I have only concrete and bricks as floor on my backyard. do I have to stake to the ground in order to make sure it is safe for my kids? 2 and 4 yrs ol
How tall is the slide and how long is the slide?
i am from venezuela I would like to know the dimensions of the package and its weight, so I can calculate the shipment costs.
i want to know the specs when is already packed in this order if possible: wide, lenght, heigh and weith
i want to know the specs when is already packed in this order if possible: wide, lenght, heigh and weith
I want to know exactly what the extent of the packed package because I do calculate shipping to my country. what would be the exact measurement to tak
What a DUD! Bought this new. Return not available. After having to hire someone to put it together, it doesn't work!!! Battery will not charge. Any way to rectify this problem, other than throwing the thing away??
Where is charger hole?
How to charge the battery?
I can't get the bike to turn on. It's been charged and nothing. I bought this for my grandchild and I'm not able to give it to her. Can someone help?
Where to plug in the charger?
Can someone tell me where the charging port is located. I have looked everywhere??
need Lil' Rider wheel plastic rotor replacement. where can we fine one?
Stylus for Vtech Innotab: Is the stylus that comes with the Innotab just an accessory or is it necessary for use of the product?
Problems with Vtech's Learning Lodge Navigator? Is anyone else having problem with the Learning Lodge Navigator download from vtech's website?
Can apps be shared between 2 InnoTabs? I am wanting to know do you have to buy 2 of the same apps for 2 innotabs or can it be shared?
Innotab not keeping date/time? Is anyone else having this problem?
Vreader vs Innotab ?????? Also, is there a game that teaches writing skills like the leappad game?
Music from itunes? Suggestions?
Battery Life: Is anyone else having battery issues with the Innotab?
Do I have to have Learning Lodge Navigator? Does anyone know if I have to download that to continue adding to the Innotab?
Problems turning it on: Any suggestions?
Down Syndrome 8 and 5 yr-olds. Should I get original Innotab? or Innotab2 and why?? Would the original (w/SD card)hold enough mem. for Wiggles DVDs
What color is opposite the blue side?
does the cube spin fast?
Is this cube painted or does it have stickers?
Does it corner cut well?
Will the cube pop often?
can you fill part of it with water to weigh it down
How large a package is this, dimensions &amp; shipping weight, could I take it in a suitcase? (by air)
We remove pool toys when not using,hang on hooks or tables not sure where we would put him? Once had a giant turtle (canvas) kids loved him (stay divi
What are the dimensions of the base? Just wondering if this might be too big for our pool, but looks like most of the length is due to tail and neck.
Hello! I was wondering if this is kind of like a boat where it dips down in the middle with some sides on the edge? Thanks!
Were they all smooth edge or the scalloped/jagged one (like the yellow in the pic)?
In the picture there is a noodle that isn't just round tubes. They have star or sun shape. Do those come in the pack? I just want round ones.
Are these Gladon Big Boss noodles? Name brand or "knock off"?
would you mind if I asked for your help. using the pool noodle to cover gap between threshold and bottom of screen door. need a 4 in. noodle
i need 3.5 inch or 4 inch smooth ones for making a home bartop mold, what size could I get?
What is the inside diameter of the center hole?
Is the bottom mesh, open, or closed?
will it hold a YETI 65?
Does it require a pump to inflate it?
Does anyone know the dimensions of the cooler area? The description just says "fits full sized cooler," but I want to make sure mine will fit.
Could my 30-lb. corgi-pit rescue..long body short legs..ride in this when she gets cold/tired of swimming? Would her nails puncture the tube?
can any1 tell me when the solstice cooler raft is aired up what is the opening LXW would be fine. i'm trying to fit a Wheeled 75qt Rubbermaid 5 Day?
What air pump is recommended to inflate?
could it hold a cooler that weighs around 100 lbs without breaking or sinking?
What gauge vinyl is this? How many air chambers?
Is it al ready painted
do the bullets eject
What type of paint is needed
Can the ramp on this rig be attached to other Hot Wheels tracks?
is this plastic or metal?
Will this work with matchbox cars?
is it a good gift for a 9 year old
can it be carried easily?
how loud is the blower when used indoors? is it similar to a hair dryer or a vacuum cleaner?must blower be on the entire time kids r playing ?
Sorry, I'm confused. Is this a bouncer as shown in the first picture or a ball pit as shown in the fourth picture? If both, does it easily convert?
Does the blower come with this item? A little confusing!
Is this product different than http://www.amazon.com/My-Bouncer-Phth... Is the ball pit separate from the bouncer?
hi - I would like to know if the step is removable, in other words, can i forgo the step and only install the house itself?
How many barbies can this store?
Are the barbie dolls in there
Does anyone know what this is made of? Does it have a strong rubber smell ( similar to a new PVC shower curtain)
does this product ship flat or in the box shape as shown?
Is it made from PVC (vinyl)?
Has anyone used this to store horses and play sets as well as dolls, how many horses would it fit? (We have 4)
Does the lid attach or just sit on top of the box?
what are the dimensions when used as a storage/toybox?
dolls included ?
Does it come with the furniture? I didn't see anything stating whether it does or doesn't. Thanks.
I don't think this is Lego brand, but can it fit with Lego pieces?
Is it bigger on the inside?
Is there a place where you can get replacement parts for the Tardis?
do the people come with it?
Does the top light up?
Anyone put a LED light into the top of it? Just wondering...
Do the figures fit inside the Tardis? Can both fit at once?
These are made from lego pieces, correct?
Do the Tardis doors actually open or is it just open in the picture?
what is the age range and final size?
I have no music sound when the button is pushed. What is the problem and how to fix. I have checked the wiring and cannot find anything loose.
WHERE IS THE HOLE FOR THE CHARGER
Where can I purchase a replacement charger?
is the siren on the trunk supposed to work because i have this all together and it doesn't work?
I need spare Lil' Rider Police Cruiser please help me
Bought this brand new, charged for 16 hours to find out it still had NO charge. Bought a 2nd charger and still NOTHING--any help?
where is the charging socket
Trying to put one together now, have an extra piece (part of motor?) with green and white wire, white plastic on it?? Where does it go, not even shown in manual...
The front axle is missing a part, how can I get a replacement part?
How can I get replacement parts?
will an American 18 inch doll fit into the salon chair
Will this chair suction to a table top?
Do the styling accessories come with the chair like they do with the models at Target for the same price?
Is the top of the chair supposed to fit tight with the bottom? Mine is lopsided
Does this chair have enough weight to keep from falling over when the girls are brushing the dolls chair?
Does the chair swivel?
Does the seat go up and down?
What are the dimensions?
Some of the reviews say a l8 inch doll will not fit correctly into the salon chair. Is this true or not? My granddaughter wants this chair for her American Girl doll but I do not want to buy this chair if the doll will not fit into the salon chair.
does it fit the n strike bow
Does anyone know if these fit the Nerf N-Strike Blazin Bow Blaster?
I was wondering if these replacements would work on the Lanard Blast Air Bow, total stream??
does the arrows work on nerf avenger hawk eye bow?
Do these darts fit the Nerf Big Bad Bow?
Do these refills work with Nerf and strike blazin bow blaster?
Does this product fit Nerf Blazin' Bow?
Amazon says the instructions are ONLY in Japanese. which is it?
Is it true instructions are in Japanese?
If the manual and instructions are in Japanese, how do you manage to assemble it?
Is this the movie selections? I do not want any board games.
I wish to purchase this DVD game, will it play in Australia?
Since it appears there aren't enough chipas if several people play, can regular poker chops be used? Would they be the same size?
Is this the same as rummy royal?
how large are the chips?
Can 3 players play this game?
The description says it is a felt mat but someone commented below that it is heavy plastic. Which is it?
how many chips come with this set?
what is the tripoley board made of?
Would you please tell me the mat size and for how many players?
What is the mat made out of?
You have two different answers to the same question. Is it felt or plastic?
are these tracks compatable with older tracks and is the set use bateries or house electric?
I purchased the Life Like Classic '57s Electric Race Set - Chevy Nomads and the one of the cars broke after one use. Can anything be done about this?
Can I buy different kind of cars for this track? Or does it only take classic 57s
Since this comes with 2 cars, does it have 2 remote control handles? Is the current product one with the upgraded cars?
What scale is it?
What are the dimensions of this toy?
What are the dimensions of this toy?
Plastic or metal?
Does it work with a Mac or just PC?
Do I need to buy a memory card?
What age is this camera good for?
Does the product come with sealed package? I'm buying as a gift and I would like it to be in a sealed/unopened package like in the store.
You have conflicting information in the description. Does it have 128 MB memory or 256 MB
Can photos be downloaded and edited for viewing on a Mac computer?
How do you download pictures from the camera to my computer
IS IT ONLY ONE HAT
How many hat it come with this ?
hi how many in one pack?
how big is the shield?
is it foam not plastic?
what color is the plastic backing of this shield the first review shows red, but I received white and seems like a wrong item sent?
does it have a strap on the back of it or is it just like a frisbee
What color is the shield? Is it red, blue and white like in the picture? The ones I've seen at stores were blue, dark blue and silver. Thanks.
does it have sticker peirrot
Does the figure come with the original packaging?
Does this figure come with her alternate Torso and Head (without the mask)? I see there is an Alpha Omega and Toynami version.
The figure in the pictures has lighter colored skin but I have seen some with darker skin. Are there 2 different versions or is 1 fake? Thanks.
Does it come with original packaging ?
Is this from alpha omega?
Is this authentic...?
how do these work?
Can I buy candy with this coins.
is it 12 in the package or 25 ? It says 12 per box , but then it says 25 /pkg in description !
Is it possible to drill a small hole in these?
IS IT REAL?
The product dimensions are listed as 3 x 3.2 x 0.4 inches. What do these numbers stand for? (length, width????)
What is the diameter of the coin?
It says I can do 2 day shipping, but when I place the order it says I will get them on May 22nd. Is this an error/ how do I ensure the delivery date
Are these metal coins?
How big are these? Quarter dime nickel?
Air Hogs Real Lightning McQueen: Can you use it ouside.
What type and how many batteries does this take?
Does this car comes with remote control
how do I watch the videos I took with my spynet?
do they come with charger for it
does it come with a charger
can they take pictures and videos any where
Whats is the video quality? also will they fit an adults head?
can you upload the videos to an ipod
Are these plastic?
are these mac compatible? can u load them to an ipad mini?
how close do they focus?
what are the cons and pros?
I just got my 9104 and It slides to the left, tryed adjustments no change does anybody know why.
How big is it?
What are the charging times on the stock battery? and how do you know if it's fully charged?
Exactly what does it come with?
does it come with remote controller
What is the controller range?
What does the accelerate button? When I hit it, nothing really happens.
The wings on mine do not look like the pictures, strait across and level. They hang hap hazardly and droop. Can this be fixed? Too late to return.
Does the flybar have to go on a certain way. I had a big crash and it came off, replaced it &amp; now when I fly the heli wobbles . Or is it something else?
Looking for a helicopter for my 6 year old grandson. Any suggestions?
IS THIS ALREADY ASSEMBLED
does this come with a charger?
does it come with a remote
Would the JDX 340 drift king replacement parts work on this model??
does this have a camera?
Is this helicopter not for girls
Do you sell the bubbles to this whale gun separately?
what color is this whale?
Is there a way I can just get the bubbles? I already have the whale gun.
Can battery operated LED lights be used in this
do they light up ? are they battery operated
how do you hang these?
Can I request specific colours?
what are the sizes of each lantern, and how many to a package?
Does this have pockets (I can't tell from the picture)?
is it machine washable?
Is this small enough for a three year old
What kind of material it the apron made of?
How big are the penguins (approximately)? Trying to gauge if they're appropriate for my 3.5 year old when I also have a 2 year old in the house.
How was shipping for anyone over to the united states? did you get it between 7 and 10 business days got a birthday in 11 days
do they float?
I am wanting to use these as goodie bags for a 4yo birthday. I plan on putting a t-shirt &amp; mini flashlight inside, will it be big enough? thank you
will it fit droid ultra phone
What size is the canvas bag? Are the dimensions above given for the nylon or the canvas bag?
Will a deck of cards and a pair of dice fit in these easily for 6 year old hands to access?
I'm wondering what colors you get? Is it 2 of each color in the photo?
Are these round on the bottom? Where do each of the product dimensions mentioned apply to?
I want to use these for dice. Is the opening large enough to reach your hand in and comfortably pull back out a fistful of dice?
I'd like to put a 7 oz jar of body butter a 7" high bottle of shower gel and an 8 oz jar of body scrub in each bag. Do you think it'll fit?
can these bags be used for school supplies like a backpack?
Could it be ironed ? or Heat printed ?
Are these 2.5" or 3"? The title says 3", the description says 2.5"
Are these 2.5" or 3"? The title says 3", the description says 2.5"
Are these made in the USA?
How many pops are in one order?
are the lollipops individually wrapped?
how long is the stick?
How big are they and how many per pack?
How many invitations are included, I don't see a count anywhere.
do these come with envelopes?
What brand are they?
Does the package come with the colors pictured?
Is it possible to place a small prize inside the balloon before inflating?
Can these be filled with helium?
I know it is shown in the photo, but I wanted to double check - are white balloons included?
are any of the balloons pastel colors?? Green, peach, cream, yellow?
How long is each sword separate and how long put together
How long is it?
Do they have a button to disconnect them or do you have to twist them to disconnect them
Are the swords easy to connect and disconnect
my grandson is 5 and a half. Is this sword appropriate for him?
is it made of foam
how long is it?
Is this the 7.5 ounce mega howler as in the picture, or the modified vortex howler that is 4.8 ounces?
what ages?
How many are in the pack??
what would happen when someone takes it off?
Has anyone found a secure way to attach it? Has anyone found a workaround for attaching it to door trim that isn't flat?
do kids like it
do kids like it
is it worth it
does it replace a deadbolt lock
is it worth it
does it work
how many napkins per package?
what size are the napkins?
how meany are in the pk.
how many napkins are in each package?
what ages is it suitable for? is the holder adjustable height?
isn't the holder is too high for one year old?
Does the stroller fold up?
can you plug your ipod into this to play your own music through the speakers?
Can this be used on wall-to-wall carpet?
I need to know about the box size. Does the item fold is it a small box or a big one? I wanna make a Xmas gift.
Want to get this for a high school grad party. Will it hold up to a bunch of teenagers?
How much does it weigh ? does anyone know ?
is this the one sold by Hammacher schlemmer?
can you roll this up easily when you're not using it?
Who makes this project
What kind of battery does it use?
does it have a seat belt?
where can we get a replacement steering wheel column? ours snapped in two. it was hardly used yet.
was wondering if it's hard to remove and put back the handle. Thanks in advance.
Can you use this outside? Like just for short walks around teh neighborhood?
Is it hard to turn on the sidewalks ? Do we have to lift it up on the back to turn the toy ?
I know the handle doesn't fold, but does it fit ok in car? (we have 4 door honda accord)...
How high is the handle? Will I have to stoop to push her?
Does this come with the hood
Where is this made? USA?
Can you access the fan? I want to reverse the fan and turn this into a small vaccum table and I'm wondering if I could do that.
what are the measurements of the air hockey table by westminster
what are the dimentions
What is the size
what are the dimentions of westminister air hockey game?
does it work for an iPad mini?
does it work with ipad 2
Does this work with the ipad air as well?
I just bought an iPad air with os8 and the Atari greatest hits will not download . It says error writing file. Anyway around this? Thank you
Can I play the Metal Slug 3 app on it ?
what kind of games are on there
How do you insert the IPad into this? and is it hard to get in and out?
The description says is bluetooth connect. I'm wondering if it is compatible with ipad 4th gen retina or with Kindle Fire? The Kindle support said is not compatible.
Is this product compatible with ipad4 ?
Games for iCade that don't suck? Has anybody found any iCade games that don't suck?
PLEASE SEND STANDARD MAIL
is the remote control included?
weight limit?
Can you light one light at a time?
Can you control what color it is on?
Does it come with a cable cord for power outlet? Is it easy to convert it to timer light (not blinking, a color at a time). Thanks.
what kind bulbs does it take?
Is this battery controlled
Is this powered by batteries or plugged into an electrical outlet?
I am looking for a light where I can turn on each color separately when I want them on - not a blinking light that displays them randomly.
I have a T Maxx 3.3 that i am converting to electric would this motor work for me.
the amazon descript says it can handle 6C lipo but in the box the chart says 3C, witch one is it?
will it fit in the team associated b4.2
Would this work for slash Vxl with a 11.1v battery. Cause I burned up my esc that was the model 1406 from castle creations
can i put this on my traxxas 1/16 e revo without a problem
Would this fit in a 2wd sc10?
If I have more cells in my battery, will my car go faster?
can it handle a 4s lipo
Would this be a good one to put in my Rustler xl5 for speed and so i can race it on the tracks? Or what would you think I should get?
I have the Velineon system. In terms of speed, torque and heat: is this equal, close to stock or a huge upgrade to the Velineon system?
are these capacitors made for tv sets?
Where can I find a list of the actual capacitor values? Can anyone tell me what exact values are in this kit?
What are the voltage ratings of the ceramic and mylar capacitors?
How many volts are the 1000uF electrolytic caps rated for?
are these polarized?
I want to make paper foil oil capacitors,. Where can I buy the foil?
What is the temperature rating of these capacitor?
What is the voltage rating of the 22uf capacitors in this kit?
Are these smt, smd or through-hole?
Are there capacitors of 0.1uF? Because in the box is written Mylar from 0.001uF to 0.22uF. Does someone know? Thanks.
After drying completely, don't they unravel easily?
Can you use fabric instead of paper?
Does this fit easily on a 2 liter bottle? Or is it for a smaller bottle (like for water)? Thank you~!
can you use more than one strip of paper at a time in the machine slot like u will do if rolling on a toothpick if you are making different sizes
Do you put glue on the strip before you wind them? How do they not unravel?
how could we voice to the manufacture to make a green machine to make the 2 metal bars to create bigger holes? this is a awesome aid for people as a aid to stop smoking.and also for people with arthris.i am 62 and I have ordered 4 just in case.i love...
I received the bead maker and gave it to my niece (aged 18) as a present. We are having various problems with it as 1. We can't find a bottle that wso
What kind of glue and glaze do you use?
Would this be too difficult for a patient 8 year old to do on her own?
How many bags are you getting?
How many bags?
How many bags are included?
What is this truck made of? Metal? Plastic?
what size is it
Can the kids put "trash" in the bin and into the truck?
Is this a Greenlight product?
how long does it take to get to COlombia?
Is the dumping arm mechanical (I.e. Push button)?
Can you detach the dumpster from the garbage truck? Is it easy to reattach?
is it remote control?
Is the plastic sturdy? In other words, is there much gift when you push it?
Do you know the approximate scale of the truck? 1:43? 1:63?
Age limit?
I've been reading all the reviews, and the general audience seems to be 1-3. Do you think a boy turning 5 would enjoy this toy or too young?
what size batteries do i use?
We have bought this guitar, and the strap is stuck inside and we can't get it out - how do we release it?
My son is obsessed with one of the songs the guitar plays but we don't know what it's called! Can you please give us a list of all the songs it plays?
does this guitar have a strap to go over the child's shoulder??
Any idea where I can get a replacement battery cover?
The strap of the woofer I bought is very short, much shorter than what I see in videos/images online. Is there a trick to loosening it from the body?
When I strum the strings - both with or without the strum button depressed - nothing happens. Am I doing something wrong?
where can you find a replacement battery
How can I get a replacement charger
How do you get Little Inu to eat or drink?
Does the toy walk?
Can you cuddle with it? Or sleep with it? Because I don't want my daughter to crush it in her sleep!
Where can I buy the optional accessories shown in the booklet that comes with Little Inu? How do I contact Senario about their 30-day guarantee?
how big is Inu?
Can this set make a small track?
theres karts included?
I'm having trouble finding the cars to go with this set. Any ideas?
Do you need other mario parts to use this
How does this work with the Wii game?
What is the third?
no instructions ?
What are the sizes of the vehicles? thank you, Sandy
Is this caendar 2013?
Are all the little toys in this stuff from the original trilogy or are there episodes 1,2,&amp;3 things in it too?
Can software be added?
Can you free type on this? Like a word processor?
does it have math
Does it have a volume control?
what is the age range
Does this work with an app
do you have to pay real money on the app for the stuff you buy?
Does the scanner really read bar codes?
how can you be her
did the anchor realy looks in camera
how anchor looks in camera
Does anyone know what 3 songs are pre-programmed?
CD player
Will an iphone work with this?
is this for a six year old
what is the age is this for
How does the phone\mp3 player connect? Is it a plug that connects to the headphone port, or is it an iPhone\iPod connection?
Help! I can't get the microphone from shutting itself off when using it just as a microphone(not singing along with the programmed music).manual link?
WILL AN IPOD WORK WITH THIS
how many songs are already pre programed?
is there pre programed music that you can play in the carrier?
are they gonna fit on the traxxas slash ?
Will these tires fit Traxxas e-Rustler?
Do they come with rims or do you have to buy that stuff
How many tires do you get if you buy one quality 2 or 4 tires.
Is the magnifier clear (focused)? Or is it rippled? How is the quality of what you are seeing?
Are these small Fresnel lenses (made with circular grooves) or are they a smooth surface on both sides?
does it scratch easily?
Do the Wholesale Lot of 10 Credit Card Sized Wallet Magnifiers 3X Lenses come with plastic holders?
Does anyone know the focal length of these lenses?
Are these strong enough to light a fire from the Sun?
Does this work with a leappad ultra?
Does this work for Leappad 2?
Will this work wih the Leapster GS as well?
are apps cheaper than cartridges? is choice different with apps? Why is it SO difficult to see the avaialble apps on the leapfrog store?
Can you use these download cards in conjunction with a promo code from leapfrog? Like when they have a percentage off on games through their website?
how does this app card work with leappad 2? How do you order games and download them?
what is the difference between apps and game cartridges
Can I use this with Explorer GS?
Everything specifys Leappad 1, Leappad2. What about Leappad3??
Does this work with the LeapPad 2?
can these cards works outside US, if so what countries?
does this card work with the leap pad 2?? it does not say that in the information
Difference Between Leaplet and Download Card? Can anyone tell me is there a difference between buying the Leapster Leaplet and the Leappad Download Card?
Will this work wih the Leapster GS as well?
Is this game a cartridge?
does this work with leapster explorer gs
Parent Account on LeapPad: On the Explorer there is a way to access the parent account / settings by pushing the ?
Do the explorer games we already own work on the leap pad? Pencil again?
Leap Pad connecting to computer problems HELP: Anybody have any solutions?
Kindle Fire instead of LeapPad for 5 1/2 year old? Has anyone purchased the Kindle Fire for use by a child?
Syncing apps to the leappad: What gives?
Freezing up: Does anyone else have this problem or is it just ours?
If I buy two tablets, can I buy one game and put it on both or do I have to pay for two games? Also, if I but one game, can I place it on both tablets or do I have to pay for it twice?
Can you load 1 game on 2 leapPads? Can you buy the app once and download it onto each one?
Is 8 years old too old for Leappad?? My son just turned 8 years old, Those of you that have these in your homes, what do you think??
Best apps and games for the LeapPad?
Do you have to be online to play?
Does this work with leap pad 2?
does this work on the leap pad ultra?
can this be play on the 1st edition leap pad?
Does this work on leapster explorer?
Does this work with Leapster Explorer?
can this be used with leapfrog 2 i am confused by all the different models
If you buy one game, are you able to put it on more than one device (for instance, if I had two kids that each had a leappad)?
Can these games be used on the Leappad Ultra?
Does this work with leappad 3
are they glass or plastic
You can't choose the color you want????
Is it possible to request a set that does not have glitter?
im new to ordering on amazon... what is the diffrence in these for $15.04 vs. the ones listed "Klackers for $5.45?
are the balls glass or plastic?
Anyone found a cheap case? The custom cases are outrageously priced - anyone found a nice substitute case for a reasonable price?
Is there a differnce in the pink tablet vs green tablet besides the color?
Amazon Doesn't Get It: If you were at a store and put something in your cart and pushing it up to the checkout would an employee come and pull it out of your cart?
is it better for kids than a iPad?
stylus danger
Brand New, Won't Work: Any suggestions?
what does it do right outta the box without incremental purchases?
Child with Autism: Is the Leapfrog LeapPad helpful for a 6 yr. old child with autism?
leap pad vs inno tab: any suggestions??
Is there a way to get an adapter to recharge this?
will this be a good set for an 11 year old girl?
Our set arrived and is missing the Cradle Post (R) piece so we cannot attach the arms to the snare drum stand. Is there a way to have the part sent?
Is this a child's drum set
How long has this drum set lasted you?
my daughter is 13 and 5'0. we have already ordered it and im wondering if it wil be looking like its for babies
Would this be a good drum set for a 13 year old girl?
Would this be a good drum set for a 13 year old girl?
Would this be a good drum set for a 13 year old girl?
What is the size of the box?
Is this drum too small for an 11 year old boy?
My son is almost 5ft would this be a good fit for him?
Does the snare drum comes with the Snare Strainer or a clip kind of thing?
How to set up? Lost my instructions?:(
are there replacement parts available to purchase.
Is this drum set big enough for a 11 y&egrave;ar old?
Does this ship in manufacturer's packaging - as in, with a picture of the drum set on the box it comes in?
What is the age group for this set?
i purchased a drum set on nov 13th when will it be shipped
how long does it take for the seller to ship a product that was ordered?
We are here in Guam.Do you think this item would arrived before the 9th of April? This is a gift for my 5 yr old son.
Are replacement heads available?
how tall is the stool that comes with set; is it adjustable?
Would this work for a 3yr old?
Is it to big for an eleven-year old?
Can all the parts (not assembled) be fit into a large travelling luggage?
Is this good for a 9 years old
Does this set fit with the Kids Adventure Learner Jumbo Block Set (48 Piece)? That set has 8x8 blocks, but I'd like to know if they interconnect
How many large and small blocks are there in the kit, and are there any connectors or wheels? Thank you.
Are these blocks suitable for outdoor play area?
Is this compatible with Lego Primo blocks?
Which ones comes with windows? There aren't any doors are there?
Made in the USA?
Can these be played with outside?
What is the material these blocks are made of?
What size are the Jumbo legos?
What are the dimensions of the box (package)?
Would this set be good for a 14 year old, who is just starting drum lessons
does it come assembled
Will this price be valid in mid May for an April bday? I would want the 5 piece with 2 cymbals plus throne for $159.99 to order shortly 4/17 bd
i wanted to know if there a way i can get a full set of the screws and bolts?
Would it be ok for a short 13yr old
Can all the parts (not assembled) be fit into a large travelling luggage?
does it sound like a real drumset?
What is the length and the width of the whole thing?
does it come with a drum book
I ordered one for Christmas and it didn't come with instructions. How do I build this...
is it too small for a 8 year old
what is the average age of child using this drum set.
What age is this most suited for?
Does it have a clear drum that is called the snare drum?
Could you please let me know complete Shipping Weight and Dims? (If it is just one box please let me know W&amp;D of it.)
What age group is this drum set for?
Do they come in a storage bin?
Are magnets on the back one solid magnet or several small magnets?
Do they contain lead?
How many inches are the letters
how much for shipping if you order two sets
What are they made of? Wood or Plastic?
Are the magnets enclosed in the letters?
How tall are the individual letters?
I am a teacher. I would like to know if I could write on the fish using a sharpie. I could not tell what material the fish are made of. Thanks!
Do the fish float or sink?
How long is the string, from pole to magnet?
Do you reel in the line?
How many fish are there? I thought I saw 18 and now I cant find the info.
I am considering using this as a game for my two young children in the car. Would the length of the pole work for them to reach the floorboard?
how many poles come in the set?
can you put in water?
How big are the poles? I have a school project on fish and my group has to do a game. Do you think this will be large enough for us to use?
The fishing poles can extend to 18 1/2 inches, what is the length of the poles when they are closed or not extended?
Are these gears easy to take apart, can they be pulled off the magnetic base? My little one tends to disassemble whatever he gets his hands on.
Are these gears compatible with any other set from any other company? Are there add-on sets available to increase the complexity for an older sibling?
How big a board do I need to buy to accomodate the gears?. Is 16x20 too small?
How many gears are in a package?
Does it come with a motor to make all of the gears turn?
Could my 18 month old use this on the fridge, or too small?
Does this set come with a base to build on or do you have to supply your own?
How many ribbons come in the set?
How many come with the purchase?
how many ribbons do you get for $19.99?
Is it plastic or metal?
is 4.5" the height or the width? thanks.
Can you fit little Lego people inside?
Does the manufacturer say there is a choking hazard?
I want to know if one of these buses meet ho scale/ standard model railroad scale? Thanks!!!
What is the scale size?
how long is it and tall, just overall size specifications?
is it remote control
Are there any homeless people sleeping on the bus?
Does this work with quadcopters?
What does " No SX's" Mean?
Do i need anything to complete this transmitter?
is this radio mode 2
does this work good with naza m lite
what items included in the package??thx..
The distrubotors website states that this DX7s bundle comes telemtry ready. Is this the case, or has the telemtry unit been removed at this price?
Does the DX7s offer wireless trainer option?
DOSE DX7s 7-CH. COME WITH A CHARGER
dose the DX7s 7-Ch RADIO SYSTEM COME WITH A CHARGER
how many pencils
How many pencils in an order?
how many hockey sticks come in a packet?
How many are in the package?
Does the thing on the front have any function?
Warranty
Are both back wheels powered by battery? Only one of our wheels is powered.
How long does the battery have to charge when first opened before use?
Wait limite
dimensions?
which is bigger this one or the ground force one?
What are the difference between this model and Case IH Magnum?
What age groups can use the tractor?
My son is 42" tall and age 3, is he too big for this or will the seat adjustment give him room to grow? Thanks!
Doe anyone know what is the size in mm of the white balancer lead? Looking for a splitter to add to it to power 2 sets of lights on my drone.
What type of plug does this use?
Does these batteries drop in to the Losi Micro Trail Trekker?
I have the micro DT (1/36) and have the truggy on the way. Does the battery fit into either of these trucks?
will this fit in a Losi Micro Baja?
So how do you charge these? Can you just plug the balancer plug into your lipo charger. I have the Venom 2 pro charger and I think it'll work.
Is this battery in a hard case?
what charge rate should I charge this lipo with?
can i use it in the mirco x by nitro rcx
can i use this battery in a losi micro T?????????????
how many ballons come in a package?
How many come in a packet? I cant seem to find that info anywhere
Is this for sure an order of 6 balloons for 48 cents?
Is my 8 year old too old for this?
does it work well?
can you use an Iphone too if no IPAD
Will this work plugged into an iPad?
Is this battery operated
What color are Olivia's eyes? They look blue, but last doll I ordered said blue and came in brown. thanks
Does the headband come off without damaging the hair?
Can she move more than her hands?
Hi I was just wondering, what size does Olivia wear?
dose she have a magnet in her head
Does this baby have a cloth or vinyl body?
how much does she weigh and how long is she?
What is her body made of can you give her a bath? it doesn't say in the description.
is she able to be played with
is she weighted and able to be posed
Is this actually a 4x4? Our current kiddie car only has one drive wheel and does not work on grass with any incline.
What ages are best for this "car?" Our grandchildren are 2, 5, and 7. Would the 7-year-old be too big for it?
Can I get a extra sticker?I keep the car in the garage, but sticker start fall off after a couple of week, and now those are almost gone.
How long will it last after charge?
Am contemplating buying one for another "grand"; but my son-in-law says it was very difficult to assemble??? Comments please
Where do I purchase or order additional battery for the Kid Motorz Rollin Rambler, 4x4?
Would this be too small for a 5yo?
Is there a warranty? Can you use it without the motor? Do the wheels move, if pushed from behind or could it roll down a hill for fun if desired?
Where do you get replacement 12V ? Is it standard?
I was looking at this last November. The price was about $175.00. What happened?
Reluctant to buy with a significant number of reviews reporting missing pieces. How likely is this?
size
how many pieces?
It&acute;s only english? No spanish lenguage?
Does it come with manual or userguide for children ? plz advice
how long will it take to arrive?
we have misplaced the instruction booklet for the Winfun Kids Learning Pad and would like to buy or download a copy. where can I find one?
The winfun kids learning pad product that I bought is not working, and I always send message no answer. I will be happy if you can respond to me.
Are these the figures that actually box in the ring?
are these 8" figures?
Are these toys made out of metal or steel?
Are pvc free?
I'm a grandma new to these..what's the difference from basic action figure to deluxe action figures? Do any 8 " light up?
do you ship to UK?
Can you ship this game to Australia?
Is there any difference between black and white speedcubes (in general)?
What is the name of cube? aurora or wind?
how many days does it take to ship
how big is it and what is internal popping?
Does it brake easily
what is internal popping?
does it have stickers?
is it real
how fast does it go
is the picture a real motorcycle or the toy
is it a toy
how long is it
can 20 year old ride
can 11 year old ride
is it electric that runs on battery
dus it have air bags
how big is this bike
Is the price for one rock or several?
How many slices are there?
Are they backed in cork or solid geode?
I only want pink slices, is it possible that you customize my order to only pink?
How many Agate slices do you receive? Just one?
do you have any deep red-pinks (like the picture), bright oranges, vivid purples, or blacks in stock?
How large is it?
What is size? Measurements?
is this a good gift for a 3 year old boy
recommmended age
Does this come with any blocks? I can see in the one pic that there is a bit of netting and maybe there are some blocks in a netted bag?
Can this toy be bought for a 1 year old boy
How large is the dump bin?
Is it sturdy enough that a little one can stand behind it and push it along?
We just ordered this truck for my son's Easter basket, but the blocks aren't there. Do they ship separately?
About how many blocks does this hold? I have an 80 piece set and am wondering if they would all fit in the truck?
Does it glide easily on carpet or just tile/wood type flooring? Our carpet isn't thick BTW.
what are the age restrictions on this?
Is this the one where the steering actually controls the wheels?
overhall size
What ages is it for?
What are the ages for this product?
Does the seat open so that things could be put in it?
Are they very hot. to use near the sea?
Are the clothes machine washable?
Can someone tell me what the trunk is made of?
What size?
Are the clothes machine washable?
My grandaughter is turning 2 soon and wears a size 3t will this set be good size wise for her?
What are the dimensions of trunk &amp; is it light? Im wondering if I can take it overseas without having to pay for extra weight &amp; if it will fit in bag
Does it come with shoes?
Our granddaughter will be 2 in July. Will these dress up clothes be to big for her?
My grand daughter is a size 4. Based on several reviews I am concerned the clothing may be to small, yet the sizing says 4. HELP?
engine, after an hours use, on different days, now has intermittent power surges. Have swapped batteries and recharged too. Any suggestions for cure? Fun boat before this started.
Does this boat have variable speeds, or just on and off?
I purchased 2 of the boats for the holidays. They are fantastic. My son bent &amp; broke the antennas off whats the right size?
The charger is 110/220 volts? or just 110V?
What happened if this boat capsize, does it has a self rithing funtion to get it back again?
Where do I find parts for this boat? I'm missing a globular nut (nut on end of propeller). Would a hobby/hardware store have it?
what size shaft nut do i need ..lost one
where can I get spare props for this?
When ordering, how can I ensure I get the 40 mhz? Already have a boat in the 27 and don't want them to conflict.
Where do you find parts
Should I be concerned if I also bought the Lego A-Wing?
Hi, can i check with you how did the packaging arrive? Was the kit packed inside an Amazon box and was it much bigger than the actual lego box size? PS: Thanks for the helpful answers so far. I noticed that the external package size varies...
How wide (shorter dimension) is this when completed (the model, not the box)?
On average, how long did it take to build it?
How many bags does this lego set have
how long does it take to ship
is this available for shipping to australia ?
I can't tell from the pictures, but can this be mounted on its stands in either direction? Or are the stands meant to only mount it one way.
Is it possible to buy or order this set from a Lego store or is it retired?
Is it possible to carry it on a plane?
How long is this vw bus?
I want to buy this for my 8 year old son. He has no problems putting together sets that are for kids up at 12. Think he can do it?
Why so costly? Lego is giving them free with all $75+ purchases.
Does it include a instruction to build the van?
what is the size of the box?
how much would it cost to send to new zealand
Doeni required when the goods shipped?
Do you ship to Malaysia? If yes, how much?
What is the difference between the Volkswagon T1 Camper Van and the Volkswagon Creator series?
Does any one have the actual BOX dimensions? It is to calculate international shipping. Thank you all.
Does anyone know how well this would look with SOTA Street Fighter Figures?
Hi, are these display sets the ones sold in Japan or China? What are the colors of the toei stickers?
would this hold any sh figuarts dbz
Would this work well with sentai figuarts? Seems like you get more with these than the stage act 4
would this work with DBZ figures I cant find the kamahama of cells but this looks simalar and i want to find out if it would work
how high can this thing go
i am thinking of getting me one of these for my collection , i will like it to perform good as my sky king at least, and just how hard is it to trim?
Why won't this thing charge? bought one from local electronic store and it seems to have nothing but problems charging and the manual is confusing
Hi, is this helicopter recommendable for a beginner and does it handle easy? If not which helicopters are good for starter? Thanks :)
Where can you buy spare parts for this helicopter?
how long does it take to charge
assembly instructions ? Didn't come with my copter...
what is the charge time and flying time?
What is the approx. flying time per charge????
what is the scale of this model 1/144 or 1/100 ?
what is the scale of this model 1/144 or 1/100 ?
how tall is he
Are all Innotab software compatible...or do you have to buy the 3S software as well?
WHAT IS THE LANGUAGE?
Is all the games for the innotab 3 and 3s and 3splus? There are not deprecate games for each system is there ????
This game is for the Inno Tab 3s? And please tell me another serves, thank you. The Inno Tab 3s can change the language to Spanish? thank you greetin
innotab downloads compatable
good Day these games can come in Spanish?
Is this a multi-language game or it's just in english?
Does the Mobigo cartridges work in the Innotab 3?
Is this compatible with the InnoTab 3S Tablet? Thanks!
do you have to by the tablet to play these games?
Is this compatible with the innotab max?
Is this compatible with the innotab max?
Hello this tablet has language option? It has Spanish language option? ???????
DOES IT WORK ON INNOTAB 3
Would this work in innotab 2s?
Where can I find a top hat to fit a store display yellow M&amp;M?
I need a hat for a 24" head. I need it ASAP . Please let me know the size of this hat. The average head is 22", so XL I would assume would be larg
im trying to find out if its going to fit, i have a lot of hair and kind of a big head. does anyone with a big head have one? and did it fit?
Do you have a child's size top hat?
does it fit on kids
do you have this hat in white
civil War reenactment outfit and needs to look appropriate.the circumference of my head is 21" Will this hat fit well? It is for a
What is age level?
what age is appropriate for hexbugs?
How durable is it???
Easy to fold up put away? CATS: Does your cat love it or fear it??
does it come with a hex bug
how many hex bugs come with it?
what kind of batteries does it take?
Why is this $99.98 at Amazon and 29.00 at Target?
is the zipper hard to zip? is it good quality? is amazon the cheapest way to get this? and can American girl doll's fit in it?
Does case have wheels?
Shoulder straps like a backpack?
Will this case fit the Bitty Baby from American Girls?
Can you fit two 18" dolls? The Manufacturer Description says, "Front window is useful if you have multiple dolls to pack and store."
Can the bed be turned upside down so it is more like a crib (for Bitty Baby)? It can on another product from the same manufacturer
Is the print on the bedding polka dots or stars
barbie
Are there backpack straps on the carrier?
is this the same size as a plasma car
How do I get replacement parts
What is the ideal age for this car?
will this work on the carpet
what is the weight limit?
Would this product be appropriate for a 6 year old girl? It looks a little small for her.
does it go fast?
Should the smaller front wheels touch the ground (after assembled)? Mine do not and the car can tip over at certain angle. Please help!
What is needed to fly?
Do you provide a step-by-step build instruction manual for this kit? And are there any video build links you can suggest?
I just fried my ESC (RCE-BL70G that comes w/ kit) while setting up my gyro. Recommendations for replacement? Castle? Hobbywing? Align? Other?
is this a ready to fly ,mean do i need anything extra to fly this
is this is a complete heli
I want to transition from the WLtoys Large V912 4CH to something else, is this the next step? What do you recommend?
what do i need to complete this helecopter ?
i can hover, do forward flights well on a micro 6ch fbl cp heli, will i be able to do the same w/ this heli? do i have to relearn with a training gear
is this fylbarless and tt tail or belt
is this kit,meaning a build must or is it already done for you and ready to fly ?
When it says "soft chalk" does that mean like pastels?
Is the whiteboard side magnetic?
Do you not ship to Ireland (ROI) for this?
What is the special chalk they recommend?
What are the dimensions of the actual writing spaces? Am I right that the 42" includes the legs?
Is this reversible so you would have either a two sided white or chalk board? OR is it one side is chalk and one side is white board?
Can the tracks be placed on top of carpet?
Trains: What is the voltage/cycle requirement for these trains--dual voltage--110-120 only--220-240 only, etcetera--I live in the country of Germany
I can't get the whistle to work or the smoke to come out. Brand new. Any suggestions?
How do I get the whistle to work?
Do I have to use all of the track pieces that come with the product to put it together? Need to work with a 40 x 40 space.
What ar ethe dimensions of this item?
Does this set have bell sound?
The transformer smokes the first time we use it at high speed. Should I return it and ask for a new one? I'm afraid to let my kids use it. I have not added any additional tracks or cars, just what came with the set.
Can u buy an extra gun
how many guns does it come with
Does this project ghost continuously or is it set to just game modes?
i need to know how to get his feet on i am having problems with it
Can u buy an extra gun
how to sync
Johnny The Skill Game: Does anybody knows if this one comes with 2 Laser guns or just one?
Is this body durable and does it have cutlines to trim?
will this body also fit a 2wd stampede ?
Will this body fit all Stampedes or just the 4X4?
Will this body fit a Revo 3.3?
what batteries does this take?
does this have a charger?
how big is the J Concepts 0225 Illusion Stampede 4x4 - Ford Raptor SVT Super Screw Body
is it body
How fast is it?
If a 1 yr old boy (about 80cm tall) wants to sit down &amp; play with this, can he sit on the floor or must he sit on a little chair to reach table top?
Because if the toy weighs 2.2 pounds in the delivery is increased to 7.5 pounds
hello, what are the dimensions of the box, and weight with the product in
how tall is it from the ground to the bottom of the table?
Can you replace the batteries in Barney and if so how ?
Does this toy have an off button?
Goes it's arms and legs move to the music?
who sings the i love you song
Is this new and in the box?
Does it have spanish languaje?
What is the size of this doll in inches?
What kind of batteries does it take and how many?
IS THE TOY 8 INCHES?
need blades to fit hak448 helicopter
do you have the tail motor
are these blades really 4 inches wide at the widest, or did you mean 4cm?
Will these blades fit Double Horse 9101?
what the size of the blades
Will these parts fit the Haktoys HAK807 Mini 4 Channel 2.4Ghz Single Blade Rechargeable RC &amp; RTF Helicopter with Gyroscope?
need a tool to take off the leavel bar need to take the bar off double horse 9053
How big/tall are these?
How tall
how tall are these figures?
Is it huge?
does it come with furniture?
Does it accomodate full-size Barbies?
dimensions when the house is assembled please. I have a small place and not to much space. thanks!
How many cups do you get?
How many cups are there?
Can this cup be used for hot &amp; cold beverages ? coffee, soda, etc ???
can you keep outside?
does it come with darts?
I have no idea how to use the accompaning hanger .3 screws, 3 washer type things, one metal bracket thing that might slide down on heavy screw. Help?
can this be hung in a cabinet?
Can this dartboard be used with Soft tip darts?
How much does it weigh? I want to hang it on a bedroom wall &amp; I'm afraid it might be too heavy.
Can this be hung on a dartboard backboard? If so, would it need additional hardware than what it comes with?
Any way to ship to APO address in Afghanistan. Have had a request for this from some soldiers and didn't know if it could be directly shipped?
i am looking for 6 1/8" blades for my copter are these in that size ? can you measure yours and let me know please before i order the wrong things ?
how many inches are the main blades from eyelet to tip?
Will these also work on the S31
How to replace s031 tail assembly?
plastic or paper?
What are the dimensions of the individual flip flops?
Are the flip flops paper or plastic?
I need by Sept 14th how fast will it ship
does this R/C car come with remote control ?????
I've been looking for a fast rc 10 miles per hour and up and off train well is this good ?
Did you say you only get 15 minutes of run time after a 5 hour charge?
Off-Road Baja Beast: Are the red and orange versions different colors or different models?
how fast is it
how long does it take to charge on the first charge?
Are they light enough to tape to RC drone? How much do they weigh?
What is the shelf (storage) life for these little sticks if they were never opened?
Is there anything on top of the glow stick to attach to fishing line ` I cant see in the dark
What colors so they come in?
how many are in a packet
How do you "snap" these?
Will I get these by April 18 if I order right now? I live in Texas.
Are they small enough to fit inside Easter eggs?
how long do they stay lit?
Does it come assembled
How fast is this rubicks cube???
If I carry this in my pocket, will the stickers wear down easily? Are they durable/what are they made of?
is the cube fast like a speed cube?
What do you hold on to while rewinding without your fingers getting in the way?
I just received my order and was wondering if your's has about 4-5 balls missing in the ball bearing housing as well?
How many feet of string does this winder hold?
are the blade parts for 9053 the same as 9018
what is the length? I am looking for 6.1875 inches
Will these fit my Sky King 8501?
tries to turn over on takeoff
will they fit a gravity skyhawk
These look more or less like my raptorjet protocol parts, do you know if they will work with it?
what size are the blades? i want to buy new blades but i believe mine are 27"
will these blades fit a 9053A ?
WHat are the total length of the blades in inches?
What ages is this appropriate
How many characters come with the play set?
What size is the box that it comes in?
Can Octopod be in water?
Do the "speeders" fit in this playset or are those bigger than the "mini" Gup included?
Are the voices on the octo button on top in a British accent?
this looks top heavy, does it topple over easily?
Other octonauts small play sets say they can be played in water - can this play set or at least some pieces be played with in water?
Can fisher-price Little People fit in his toy?
Where is this made?
How did you actually play the game without a board that displays the right answer? I am interested in this game for my family game night.
Did the questions seem dated or obscure?
Are the questions appropriate for 8-year-old children?
Is a timer provided? Are there buzzers for the team to hit?
what is better to buy if you are playing game nightwith a bunch of people Family Feud Strikeout card game or Family Feud 5th edition
Does it comes with batteries? (Hoping it doesn't come w batteries!)
How do you turn it on?
Can you set it's sleep schedule to wake up late and stay up late?
is it in english?
did your tamagotchi connect
Do. U have to control with the buttons or do they provide a stylus?
What are the actual dimensions (L x W x H) of this battery?
will it fit the mini?
Description says 200 mah, but picture shows battery with 240 mah. Which is correct?
Description shows Ship Weight@ 1.6 oz which = 45+ grams. Weight will affect performance, I'm wondering how much the battery by itself weights?
I'm looking for the variety of card sleeve that has only one side of an inserted card visible. Is this the sleeve I am looking for?
will these fit my mtg cards?
Do Pok&eacute;mon cards fit?
Ultra-Pro Sleeves: New Standard Black Deck Protectors: Do they fit pokemon cards?
Can you double sleeve with these using KMC perfect size or similar sleeves?
Does anyone know if these would fit the Legendary: A Marvel Deck Building Game cards?
Is it from the us
can these fit weiss schwarz cards?
Do they fit YuGiOh cards? How well?
will these fit Yugioh cards?
Will these fit Pokemon TCG cards?
Are these rigid?
Do these fit Futurecard Buddyfight cards?
I've never seen these in person so pardon the "dumb" question but with these colored protectors, how can you see the face of the card? ?
Shiny or matte?
If I put a whole deck of 60 Pokemon cards in these sleeves will they all fit into one deck box?
Does it say takara tomy on the box
can it switch modes ?
are the pieces loose and is it custom
Is this a genuine Takara Tomy beyblade?
does its spin track change heights
Is the picture authentic
The speed it will go and is there reverse.Are ther two speeds. Do the headlights work
sending many days it takes to get to miami??
makes deliveries to miami?
Hi Alex, I do not speak English, sorry, you make shipments to Venezuela, I have a mailbox in miami florida, you speak Spanish?
comes in black I need it? have diponibilidad??
Will actual meteors or broken satellites fall into my child's room?
Is this a quite operating projector?
Does this need to be used only in a dark room?
Does the device project all 88 constellations?
Are the instructions included sufficient for someone who's never played the original Small World?
Does Underground and the Origional Small World combine at all?
Can this one be played by two people, like the original?
Is this product difficult and time consuming to put together?
Does this have any light up features?
Does the phone and piano works when it is taken out?
How does this work on wooden floors? Does it go too fast for baby to control?
Hi, is this product come with an spanish function?
Does this product come with its box?
Did anyone also consider the Winfun Kid Fun Electronic Keyboard set and if so why did they choose this one? How has it held up?
What are the dimensions of this toy and also the stool?
Is the keyboard detachable from the stand?
How many of these hearts do you get for $12.40?
What is the thickness of Darice 9138-41? Also, does it come in pack of 5?
How many 2" hearts do you get for $10.87? That needs to be listed. THANKS!
Howmany hearrts in each package costing 9,46? Also, how thick are the 2 by 2 inch hearts ?
About how many marbles are included in the 12 oz?
What is the diameter of these marbles? they say "12 ounces" but that's just the total weight of the order. How big are they individually? Anyone?
Looking for marbles the color of Japanese fishing floats.They tend to have a greenish tint. The pix looks greenish. Anyone know if these are close?
Are these perfectly round? Would they work for a toy that needed marbles to roll? thanks!
Are these turquoise blue?
How many marbles are in the "Glass Marbles-Ice Blue-12 oz" package? (Basically, how many marbles are in a 12-oz package?)
is this toy good for a 6 mo...
Can this toy be attach on a stroller belly bar?
How does this connect to car seat?
Hi, what are the exact dimensions of this toy (width and lenght)??... i've read on a couple reviews that is small. Thanks in advance.
what is the weight limit on children
how sturdy is the bottom of the wagon and is it comfortable for children to sit in?
Can this be pulled acrossed the sand at a beach easily?
How long have you have this wagon? Are all the parts still working good so far?
Does this wagon have seat belts or harnasses.
Is the easy go wagon handle supposed to be off set from the center? I just got one sent from amazon and it seems the handle is warped to one side.
what are the dimensions? I can't find anywhere that says how long this is or wide.
Can the fabric be removed and laundered?
does it have actual seats for children inside the wagon?
Is it easily foldable? Planning on buying this and taking with us on the plane? Thx
What batteries are needed for this?
Can u purchase just the balls? I have the elephant
Can you buy extra/replacement balls?
Hi Popper Purchasers! I just bought one of these for my 10 month old. It just hovers the balls most of the time. Did I get a dud or is that expected?
What kind of batteries if any does this take?
do you need to buy anything else to complete the kit or is all the parts included?
Is it possible to use a 7-cell battery in this rc?
What type of battery and charger goes with this kit?
is it a assebly required kit or is it a arr
is it solid rear axle or all independent suspension
Is it 4x4?
Is it ok if I buy 100.
is it likely ill get jade jupiter
How good is it?
Does it come with a launcher
Does it come with a launcher
Can you please give me jade jupiter
is the bottom tip kind of loose ?
what it can do
Is it metal?
dose the light luncher work?
Is the bottom tip loose
Is the bottom tip loose
does it have the red and yellow parts like in the show
how long did it take
does the metal part of the beyblade come shiny or dull
Can "Variearies" spin left and right?
Did it say takara tomy on the box
is it true that it can deafet any beyblade?
how long does it take to get to U.S usually?
what is a beyblade
are you able to get the baring drive out of this beyblade
why do people say its rapidity???? when it says takara tomy
hello is this item 100% authentic takara tomy from supermonskey
Is it a nice Beyblade
How many bay blades is there?? I have about 20-30
Which seller sells the genuine Takara Orion? Not the fake Rapidity or licensed SonoKong junk.
When will the item be back in stock
Can I pay for expedited shipping and get this item by 12/24?
can you sell only the blitz unicorno
How do rex face look like with a stiker
what are the demensions?
Can you hang them
The discription says 4 sided? How is that possible, it's a cube...with 6 sides?
Is each glow ring individually packaged?
What is the diameter?
Do the connectors work?
Hi good afternoon are located in USA?
can you use 2 together to make necklaces?
once you crack the glow stick how long do they glow for?
are they 16 or 18 oz?
What size glow sticks do you use for the rim of the cup?
are they shipped in a box and if so how big is the box ?
Can this be used on lanai?
does it come with darts?
The outside ring holding the numbers appears to be painted white and not just metal. If so, will they chip if a dart hits it? Thanks Frank
does it come with mounting brackets?
Whats on the other side of the board?
Is it 18 inches?
Can you use soft point darts with this dart board?
what is a good space measurement cabinet for this board?What do you recommend as I am buying this for a newbie and want to protect the darts n wall
Does it come equipped with something to hang it on a door, or do I need to buy something extra for that?
What are the best darts to buy for use with this board? (I have no dart experience)
Is the papa bear in a permanent lying position or can it sit up? Can baby bear be removed? Also, is it squishy/huggable, given there's a voice box in it? Good bear to have even without the snoring feature?
how big is the papa bear
Its really cutest bear ever but once the batteries were fiished its not working with new sets of batteries dont know why which was quite annoying.
What does this bear say?
does the mouth move when it talks?
does this bears arm go down or is it in a fixed position behind papa bears head?
I want to know the exact height of the adjustments once on the door. My daughter has cerebral palsy, and cannot stand, but needs balance coordination up on her knees, and I want to know if it will be too tall for her (she's only two and can't throw...
How large is the ball? I'd like to order an extra to go with the set.
I'm thinking of sticking some felt pads on the back to reduce the noise. Is there a flat spot on the back where I could stick them?
what age group is this meant for
Can it be wall mounted or does it have to go on a door?
It sounds like there are a lot of issues with keeping this secure against the door. Has anyone come up with any solutions to keep this more stable?
what are the 3 heights adjustable to
I know it comes with a hook that will hang from the door.The hook size?How wide is the maximum thickness of the door?
What is the size of the box where it comes delivered?
Do I need to make a hole on the door?
where is this product made?
Is this product solid wood or partially composite wood? Thank you.
My daughter is 21 months. Is it a bit late to purchase it? Recommended age is 3+ but it seems more 9 months+
What is age appropriate for this toy?
how heavy is this cube?
How tall is this
Does this have anything to teach the alphabet or is it only counting?
What is the recommended age for this product
How much would it cost to ship to a Australia?
on the shapes side, do the shapes come out and are able to be lost?
how big is it ?
Is it big enough for a 30 pound dog? I want to put it on the back seat of my car so she can climb on it to see out the window. She's 20 inches tall.
Is this product washable?
Could you please let me know what the fire rating codes are on this product? Is it either Cal 117 or Cal 133? Thank you!
would this work for an adult?? 275 lbs?
Also, what exactly is it filled with?
Is the product sprayed with a fire retardant?
Is the bean bag covered with vinyl?
what are the measurments?
what is the size this bean bag? is it 132' round?
What colour is it? i need it in red
Can you confirm if the car comes with a battery or not? The description says yes, the question below says no...
how long does it take to charge the battery
Do the doors open on this car?
how fast does it go?
how long does it take to charge the battery
Is this a child's hat or adult hat?
how long is each side of the scarf from hat to end of paws
Silly question, but how many faces are there on this polar bear hat? I've seen pics of other hats with a face on the front and another on the back.
Are there black paws printed on the actual hat sent?
how do i clean the skin
Does a magnetic pacifier work on this doll?
Does she have a cloth or vinyl body?
what size of clothing does she wear, preemie or newborn?
how many inches is she
Can you move her head and arms?
will easter island fit on display base?
Are Nano brick base plates compatible with Duplo blocks?
anyone have size in "inches" sae ?
What is the size of this plate &amp; do all the models light up on this?
I need 10 packs, can let me know when it is coming.
Does it accept a 4.5 volt adapter for power?
how big is it?
can you tell me the size of the screen?
Can you move more than just the last card from one column to another? Some games will let you switch two or three cards to another column. Thx
Is this game back lit?
does the screen light up?
what do you need to buy with it
How long is the rope that the swing comes with? We would like to buy this swing and hang it from a tree. How do you extend the rope length?
How big is it
what is the size of the swing?
What type of rope is on this? material wise... is it nylon?
what type of rope is on the swing?
do i need black diamond rotor to make it spin also do i need a one strap or 2 strap hanging kit for a tree?
Can one person only use this?
I have 160 inches from branch to ground, do I need additional rope? Do you supply?
Has anyone hung on a tree? what size branch did you use, it seems so big! :) thanks!
Which is better...Rollick or Reverse Charades? They seem very similar in their descriptions. Thanks!
I've read that this game is best for larger groups so am wondering if our family of four will enjoy it. Any thoughts?
Is Rollick a good game for a large group of 16
For what ages is this game appropriate?
Is there a discounted shipping rate for purchasing multiple decks?
How do your cards compare to Kem or Copag ?
Are here two decks? (52+jokers)x2
Are they plastic coated?
can you send this cards to Mexico?
do these cards bring a doubleback card
How long does the shipping take?
Are the jokers in this deck the same
Is this item actually made in Germany?
Are the states labeled for the USA?
Are pieces edible?
are the maps/countries current?
How can I order replacement parts? Kid broke the plastic base by accident.
Will this fall apart if I press on it while spinning?
Is Singapore marked on the globe?
Are the pieces numbered? Or is there a reference picture to show how to build it? Thanks!
Does the stand come with the puzzle?
How come the price went up $5? I will have to reconsider purchasing on Thursday (payday) because the price went up. : -(
how do you change the batteries in this set?
do they still pop out like in the show and make light and noise?
is it touch sensed?
WHERE is the ask button?!!
what kind of combinations are there
Is it better to make buy this and make Mr.Tennant's screwdriver or buy the actual prop sold by Amazon?
Will the section over the blue light come off? Also, can the Matt Smith head be switched with the blue light?
can you buy extra internal parts?
Hello I was very disappointed with this product, I want to find an arrangement, my friends can not even change the screwdriver because it lacks the tw
Does this set replace ALL of the screws in the Rustler? Are the screws guaranteed non-rusting?
Are these Stainless?
those screws are the same for the Traxxas Rustler XL-5?
is there enough screws for two slash builds?
do these screws get stripped out easily
Does this have 25mm hinge screws in it?
does this set have the 2 replacemt screws to connect the front of the chassis to the bulkhead?
Are these hex-head screws?
i have purchased this but the left indicator is not working and rhe reverse light is not functioning properly what to do
how are the lights mounted? do the hay the LED holders?
What size are the leds? 5mm, 3mm? Thanks.
Is it compatible with Fly Sky Transmitter?
Product description is: includs:* (1) Receiver Connection Cable. , Is this mistake? Must to be: *(2) Receiver Connection Cables?
Iis this GT Power RC 12 LED LIGHT Control SYSTEM 2.0 with Y-Shape cable x 2pcs for servo and ESC?
is this a 1/48th scale
What scale is this kit?
WHAT IS WINGSPAN IN INCHES
I'm comparing the Maxi scooter with the Razor A Scooter. For a small 4 yr old - does this look like a baby toy? He thinks he is a big boy.
I have 3 years old, who is 44lbs, and very tall. Im not sure should i go with the mikro mini one or skip it and go straight to this one ??
Does this fold up so that i can fit it in the bottom of my stroller? I need something for on the go.
What is the difference between the Micro Maxi Kick Scooter, the Micro Maxi Kick with t bar and the Maxi Micro scooter? They are all the same price
How much side to side swivel is there with the steering action?
Is this to young for a 10 year old boy?
where it made?China?
My daughter is 9 years old, but is tall (4'9). Is this scooter too small for her? She weighs 62 lbs.
Can someone tell me a dimension of the box, in witch the scooter is delivered?
where is it made in (country of origin)?
Is it possible to know the exact degree of the kitchen?
does it come with a million parts &amp; pieces and is assembly easy? i've heard horror stories about putting these kitchens together.
What age group is the kitchen made for? Also, what the dimensions of the assembled unit?
Is the plastic quality decent or cheap-looking?
Walmart has the American Plastic Toys Girls Cookin' Kitchen, almost Identifcal for $40 right now. Does this come w phone?
Will a 5 yr old who is around 40 inch in height enjoy this kitchen at least for an year?
Does the kitchen come with play pots or play food?
how tall is it?
The product details says this is 28" wide and the product description says it is 33" wide. Which is it?
what's the dimension on the box and the weight?
Wondering about the durability of this dollhouse? Ok for a 2-3 year old? Or better for older children?
Are the rooms wall-papered? Thanks
Is the house hard to assemble?
I'd like to use the Calico Critters furnature &amp; accessories with this dollhouse. Does anyone know if the proportions would work out ok?
What are each of the room dimensions? I can't seem to find this online anywhere.
Where is this dollhouse made?
how long and wide is the sesame bed
whats are the dimensions of the bed?
Can replacement stickers be bought? Mine have faded and started peeling. Thanks!
Is it for the 1:10 scale? Will it fit the frame of the grave digger?
What "scale" is this body???
what size body is it
Does it specifically say "1st" birthday anywhere on the tablecloth or is it just Sesame Street themed?
Are the sesame characters present only on the 'width' side of tablecloth(as shown)? Or on all 4 sides
dose this say any thing about 1 st birthday???? I want it for a join birthday pay for a 7 yr and 2 yr old
What are the dimensions of this tablecloth? The production dimensions in the description (14 x 6.2 x 0.2 inches) seem quite small....
Can you choose whether you want the relays to be set to normally open OR normally closed? Thanks
can you send me a wire schematic?
I'm new to electronics, Can this be used to switch a 5 Meter long strand of 12 V LED strip lights?
Do these relays make a clicking sound or any kind of sound? I want to use them for effect as a robot starts up.
What does the jumper do?
what are the dimensions, so I can plan enclosures etc
Is this board UL listed?
can this relay be used on a 12v alram system to trigger a siren? this is 5v but the alarm system is 12v.
Is is compatible with the Rasberry PI?
So I want to provide more than 5 volt of output on my arduino uno let's say using a 6 V or a 9 V battery, will this device do it?
Does this Syma s023g come with a transmitter?
Is this for outdoor or indoor?
Any fix to making the chopper fly forward -- mine wants to go backwards initially??
how long does the battery last and how long does it take to charge?
my wires came off circuit board , i need a print to see were they go
There is a long thin wire that comes out of the bottom of the helicopter,it's about a foot long. There is nothing in the instruction book about it.
how to get it to run?
What all comes in the box, and what does it look like?
What is inside the box? Thanx
What comes in this box? Is it appropriate for a 19 year old collector or just a toy?
Can we order with any name on it?
Is the acceptance letter personalized?
How many invitations per package?
how many invitations per package?
How many come in the pack?
Can the siren sounds be deactivated while the lights remain operational?
The siren ( but not the lights) on this toy stopped working after awhile and my son is very disappointed! anyone know how to get it to work again?
Do the doors open on the sides?
What are the ages it is recommended for?
What size batteries does the ambulance take? It doesn't tell in the description.
How many inches long is this ambulance?
Minor details aside, does anyone know why this ambulance cost $24.99 (list price) while the other Playmobil ambulance (4221) cost $59.99?
what color is the teddy bear?
does recording loop for any length of time or is it just the 60 second playback?
does the mouth move when it talks
is it made in china
Can the message be accidentially deleted? I had a recordable bear before and if the you held the button down to long it deleted it. Does this one?
Is the recorder removable?
What's the range?
Hello, What are the product dimensions?
Are aaa bateries included
WHAT BATTERIES ARE REQUIRED
how far you can talk to
If I buy two sets, can all four units be used interchangeably? I have three nephews and it would be nice if they could all have their own unit.
How much miles does it go.
how many led units does this kit have space for?
can I have a link for the leds please
Is this the same gundam as 00 Raiser "Gundam 00"
does this come with water decals?
I am a beginner who bought this. How hard of a time as a beginner will i have? Granted i do have experience putting together other types of models.
Can someone of the English variety understand the instructions?
does this item come with instructions on how to put it together?
Can you connect the 0 raiser to this model in order to make the 00 raiser?
Does this come with a stand in box?
Do the hands for the 00 have articulating fingers like the perfect grades have or are there just interexchangeable hand poses?
Is this a pee wee pillow pet
does it light up
does it go flat like the other pillow pets?
Is this a pee wee size or the regular 18" size?
Is this the 11 inch or 18 inch version?
Does the stroller fold for travel
I am trying to decide between this stroller and the Pottery Barn Pink Polka Dot Doll Pram. Has anyone compared the two in person?
Hello. Do the wheels swivel on this stroller?
does the pink part of this stroller come off for a carrier?
how high is the handle
Does the transmitter that comes with Super Cub DSM RTF work with this plane?
Hello, I am buying this as a gift for a first time flyer. Are any other parts needed (e.g. transmitter?) or does it have everything needed to fly? Tx
Did it come with a multiple batteries or just 1?
Will the ember 2 transmitter work with this or the firebird stratos?
Can I use the DSM2 transmitter from my night vapor to fly this UM Polecat?
When will you ship? It has been almost a week.
What is the weight limit?
how many tubes come in one pack?
What is the best metal pots and pans set to go with this kitchen? Seems that most of the sets out there are just too small...
How has this held up, for anyone who has had it a while?
Should I purchase cooking set and foods separately? Is this just a kitchen come with nothing to play?
Could someone please give me the assembled width for the refrigerator, oven, and dishwasher in the set? And are there shelves in each of these? Thanks
how tall from floor to top of counter
I want to get this for my one year old. But it says it's a choking hazard for kids under 3. Do you know which parts would be hazards?
Is there an easy way to anchor this to the wall? My babies are climbers.
Would transporting for Christmas morning down a full set of stairs be easy or is this something that should be build in the place its staying? how much room is needed for assembly
Do all the doors swing open like the frige? Do the oven and dishwasher open like a traditional appliances would? I can see my twins standing on them!
Can anyone give me the dimensions of the box it comes in? I am wondering if it would fit in the back of my parent's Honda Civic to deliver it to us.
What are the dimensions?
How high is the handle, does it only go to 27 inches?
Is this stroller large enough for American Girl Dolls?
is there a trick to assembling the wheels?
how many shirts are in each value pack?
Are they really short? On the doll in the picture it looks like a crop top! :)
Do they have velcro all the way down the back?
What is the fabric content?
Would these fit Build a bear as well?
How many tees do you get in the "Value Pack" for $21.99?
Does 24 pieces per package mean the number of actual pieces or the qty of puzzle sheets you receive?
Can you print on these?
how many individual puzzles come in a set? I was hoping to buy a class set for my students and need at least 24 puzzles.
What is the size of the puzzle piece?
Does this mean that you receive 24 puzzles for 12.99 or two puzzles with a total of 24 pieces for 12.99?
How many puzzles come in each package? Your descriptions says "24 pieces per package." Is that 24 puzzles or 24 puzzle pieces? Thanks!
does 24 pieces mean 2 , 12 piece puzzles or 24 , 12 piece puzzles
Is each piece 5 1/2 x 8 or is the entire puzzle 5 1/2 x 8? What is the size of the 12 piece puzzle when assembled
is the back design border black or white?
Do the Jokers have different artwork?
what would shipping be for 1 blue and 1 purple deck?
Is there a shpping discount for multple items?
Does this product include 8 loot bags?
Does this come with party favor bags to put the party favors in?
Does it come with party favor bags to put the party favors in?
How does this play with four players?
Wasn't there an expansion (Romulans) for this? I just got the base game recently, and now can't seem to find it.
Does the Romulan expansion for this game add a 5th player? Or does it just give you more options for a 2 - 4 player game? Thx.
Is it good for two 6 year old boys?
I see there are two puzzles in the picture. How do I get both since I don't see a selector on the amazon page?
Do you get one or two puzzles?
Number of Micro Figures: I don't know if it says, but how many figurines would you get?
Do these come with the small case?
How tall are these cute little figures?
Can I choose a figure for this price?
Are they compatible with legos?
Is there a list of all the different possible characters? or is it just the ten in this picture?
Does this set come with the base plates for each figure?
can the heads come off
are these also lego figures?
How tall is each Doctor? Thank you
Do they come in a collectors box like the ones I've seen in book stores?
Peter Davis never had a mustache. What gives?
can their hairpieces come off?
Can you use it indoors on carpet?
When one side is down, how high off the ground is the one that is up?
is there a pin that prevents it from moving 360 degrees?
How high is the slide, where the child sits down at? Not the grab bars, but the top of the green part.
How long is the slide? thank you
I am wondering if this slide (without the ladder/hand rails) would be a good fit to mounting to a deck that is 39" high?
Are these pieces a darker wood than most sets seen?
Where is this made?
are these compatible with the Vintage Skaneateles?
Does this tracks work with Imaginarium and Thomas the Train tracks?
Are these tracks compatible with Thomas Take and Play magnetic engines?
Can Thomas Wooden Railway - Battery-Operated Thomas, James, and Percy run on this track?
Will these tracks accommodate the motorized Thomas and friends "Wooden railway" trains?
Will this track work with the HO scale train set?
Will Thomas and Friends "Trackmaster" motorized trains fit on these tracks?
Is this track set compatible with the Plan City brand railway?
I already have some train pieces with magnets but no track. Is this strictly an add-on set or can I use all these pieces to make a set of tracks for the trains to go on
Is this suitable for a 4 year old?
compatible with Lego Duplo trains?
kidcraft
Is this set enough to make a classic figure 8 such as this? http://www.amazon.com/Brio-Classic-Fi...
Is this track compatible with the chuggington wooden railway system?
thomas medal cars
do these fit chuggington trains and tracks?
Is the right track compatible with Plan Toys train sets, similar to this one: http://www.amazon.com/PlanToys-PlanCi...
Are these compatible with Brio? Can you tell me where these are manufactured?
our battery pack broke- where can we find a replacement? Have scoured the internet with no luck
My grandson removed the antenna from the handheld controller and it is nowere to be found. how do I purchase a new one
how much postage to australia?
how fast is it
how do you charge the kart, we didn't get a charger in the box
Does he feel plush or hard
Is the monitor lizard from safari ltd?
How long is body not incuding tail? If tail does not uncurl where is the 41 in measurement from?
Does the tail come curled as shown or will it extend to full length?
Does this doll have arms and legs that can move?
Is this doll weighted?
can you give him a bath
The Reviews say the arms don't move - can you change the babies outfit?
Do her legs move as well?
does this baby cry
do her arms move or is she stuck in that position?
Does this come with the controller, the motor and all the other electronics?
how fast
where does the battery and how well does the 4x4 work
I understand there are only four led lights included, two in front and two in back( according to axial official page). Is that right?
does this rc come with a battery
what kind of battery does it take
what kind of battery does it take
Do you have the axial RTR wraith in stock? Amazon shows that you have 4 left.
is this the 90018?
what is the part number for a build it yourelf kit
i need to know, do you have it on or off while charging?
what is the recommended age for this 3 wheeler?
how do you charge it-can't find the hole for the charging cable?
Are there any replacement parts for the three wheeled motorcycles. Im looking for the rear wheel motor.
CAN I SHIP IT FROM ONE STATE TO ANOTHER W/BATTERY
Can you order replacement parts? Ours lasted about 2 months (bought for Christmas, couldn't use til Spring) and one of the gears inside the engine busted and shattered. I can't find any warranty or manufacturer info to inquire about replacement parts.
Is there suppose to be a rear axle? Did not see one in the box or on the frame. Is there anywhere I could find clearer assembly instructions?
Can the track be set up the same on the floor? (trying to avoid using the table at all). Thanks!
I have the imaginarium table and train set up but do not have the table cover with the roads etc. on it. Can I buy just the topper?
Where can I find replacement parts? My boys destroyed the plastic top to the train station.
Missing the assembling instructions, how can I get it?
Does the battery operated Thomas and fried train fit on this track
What does the Central Station say? We just can't understand it!
Do any of the pieces in this set have plastic parts on them?
How many pieces come with this train set?
What are the trains that come with this table? How many and do I need to purchase more trains?
Will the Thomas the Train cars and parts fit Imaginarium sets?
The hinge broke on the lid. How can I order a replacement hinge?
Can this product be delivered to Austrlia
Do you ship to Germany? If you do, is the shipping price the same? Thanks
Do you ship to Hong Kong? How much?
Do you ship to UK? If you do, is the shipping price same? Thanks
What kind of batteries does it take for the vehicle and remote control?
does it come with batteries?
Can you run tqo of these at the same time without interference?
Is it variable speed, or just one speed?
What is the range of the remote control in the outdoors, I am looking at adapting putting a go-pro on top ? I need about 100yards.
can I use RC rechargeable batteries on it from another car I have?
Is there any kind of battery pack add on?
how fast can it go?
are the car good for my grand nephew a 4 years old boy?
Hi What is the difference between this one $ 52.34 and the Maisto R/C Rock Crawler $ 29.97? Thanks
It size
Where can I download the pre-set program for this transmitter. I just connect it to my computer and it sounds the pre-set to be wipe out.
Can this bird be flown with a Spectrum Dx6i
Do you have to program the controller? sounds pretty difficult to me Im really interested in this model but i don't want it to be hard to fly
is the main motor brushless
what battery do I re place 450 clone with
When you move forward and release the stick does the helicopter continue to move forward or does it level out?
I am kind of new to rc helos, I have had two or three small symas and I'm what my friends call really good. Should i consider buying this?
Would it work for a person to haul groceries 4 blocks while they are on a electric wheelchair and pull it home from store
can i use this cart for my dog, he cant walk, is the middle soft or firm? He is about 40 to 50lbd and 34 in, please help
Does this require assembly?
I deliver papers. Can this help me deliver 44 newspaper?
What are the actual dimensions of the floor of the cart. I mean, the inside dimensions of the actual storage area as opposed to the frame itself.
I read in one of the recent reviews (2015) that the steering problem has been fixed, something about it no longer swiveling. Can anyone confirm this?
do the front wheels on this model swivel?
What are the wheels made of? Plastic or rubber???? If rubber do they have inner tubes or are they solid rubber??
How much does the wagon weigh?
looking to haul dog crates, ect for dog shows. doesanyone else use the cart for this?
Does this come with a little family, or are they people sold separate?
Is this made out of wood?
Can someone tell me how tall the first floor is from floor to ceiling? I'm thinking about buying a 12 1/2 inch tall barbie doll kitchen set.
How do you loosen the elevator to move easily?
You cannot buy kid kraft dollhouse furniture seperate from the dollhouse. What size is recommended if I am needing more? Other brands?
Dimension of this doll house flat packed? looking for a large doll house that woulld be acceptable on the airplane without paying for oversize
Has anyone with the My Dreamy Dollhouse found a way to make the elevator slide easier? The one I have seen was very difficult to push up and down.
how hard to assemble this dollhouse?
What are the dimensions of the box?
Can this be delivered to India address ?
How big are the jewels?
Does this assortment include black jewels?
Are these gems pointed ends or smooth?
How many different colors are there?
Do any of them come in white or clear color?
I am putting my sons bday invite into a bottle with some sand and hopefully these jewels. Are the jewels good for something like this?
how many in a set
Roughly how many come in a package??
how many are there???? Approx??
there are 5 products shown here. Are you going to be sending me one or all 5?
will you combine shipping, instead of charging $5.00 to ship each individual piece ?
What are the dimensions of the item?
What are the dimensions of the flower pot?
i want only the flowers with the lady bug. Is that possible?
Help? We threw our instructions away with the box. Could someone please help us? Need to set the clock and alarm. Thanks
Does this clock-radio come with an AC adapter?
How do you set the time and alarm on the clock?
Does it play the Darth Vadar theme when it goes off?
Does it play the Darth Vadar theme when it goes off?
how to install the batteries on the alarm clock star wars rebels
I need instructions for this clock, where can I find them?
Can you see the time in the dark
I am unsure whether or not to buy this cube, fangshi, or a guhong. Which one would be the best out of these three for competition specifically?
does it pops frecuently?
does it have stickers? are they good?
it pops?
do u haft to build it
Can it be used in speed cubing competitions?
Do I really have to wait about 25 days for this thing to order?
Is this diy?
can it's tension be adjusted as per our wish
Does it come with stickers?
does the Dayan 5 cube have torpedoes in it ?
Is this cube easy to turn and is it better then the rubiks cube?
How durable is it?
What size is this cube?
is it stickerless?
Do they come lubricated?
does it come pre assembled
Hello. The Dayan V Shanchi has the cutting corners , but the cube of the image you show has not . Can you please confirm that really has them?
Does this ship to Canada?
what seller do you recommend? does it come with torpedos?
Will this unit charge batteries that are ran completely down. The orina charger will not work unless the batteries are charged to around 45v
How much amps does this charger pulls from the wall outlet during charging?
I need the CROW FOOT type plug. Do you have ?...Or does this comes with it
Hi, can i use it in Sweden? (220 V 50 Hz)How many Amp max charging 36 Volt?
We are the snow birds. The golf cart will not be used for 8 months a year. Can I fully charge six 8V batteries and replaced with your unit.
I have a 2000 Club Car 48v with a round connector. Will this work to charge the batteries on a daily basis?
On a 48 volt charger, Whats the Amperage rate this charges at ?
Has anyone purchased this charger to be used on a 48v Yamaha drive golf cart? If so, did it work?
How do I get the adapter to charge my 1997 Club Car?
has anyone long-time experience with this charger?
What is a good reliable cheap charger for this battery ?
Battery Charger?
Can I use this battery for Redcat Racing Pagani PRO Brushless? and can i use a 3s? what is the best battery i can use?
Does this fit the Redcat Racing VOLCANOEP-94111-BS-24 Volcano EPX 1-10 Scale Electric Monster Truck with 2.4GHz Remote Control
What is the launcher like? Is it possible to stay at all dry, or will it blast water all over the person launching it?
does it come with a launcher?
what kind of pump do i need for this to work?
The description says pump included yet all the reviews reference their own bike pumps. Which is it?
can you reuse it
can you use an electric compressor
one of the plastic fittings broke on first flight can I buy them, grandson is unhappy
Can I buy spare parts for this? Where? Our "fin support" part broke and it is an essential piece to make this work.
What is the recommended age for this product
How many inches square are each dice?
I may want to order several sets of these dice, is the price going to stay at $5.00? I will be ordering the last week of October.
how many packs do you have for sale? I need about 50
Posting shows 6 different dice. Does package contain 2 of each color?
how many dice come with this package? it says 12 package, but is this 12x6=72? or is it just 12 dice? THanks?
How tall/wide are these boxes?
Do you happen to have red and blue ones as well?
How many?? Would love to buy, if only I knew how many I got for the price!
Is it waterproof?
is it hobby grade
does the sacrum articulate with the ilia? if so, in what directions?
do the femur heads articulate in the joints?
does it come with the wall mounted hook ( realize it says stand separate)
Does is show the mammillary and accessory processes?
Does it show the Sciatic Nerve?
Can you use this model to demonstrate Lordosis?
Hello, What is packaging box size and total weight, my friend will bring on a plane thanks ?
Sorry I am confused it says item weight 2 lb , shipping weight 17 pounds? I need to know becasue a friend is going to bring this on a plane for me :-)
what size are these, inch wise?
What is it made of cardboard?
can I write on the shamrock? is it made of paper?
Are these large enough to write a short sentence like "Your lucky day - you found me!"? I want to put them on the clipboard of my shelter's animals.
Does it project only on the ceiling or will you be able to see it on the walls?
can you make it stay on longer than an hour? if not do you know of one that can?
Would this work in a dark colored room (deep navy blue almost black wall) or better in a light colored room?
does it shut off by its self after a while?
Does this object have to be placed in the middle of the room for it to project on the ceiling?
I ordered this almost a month ago and have not recived this. It was suppose to be at the latest the 26th of December. Is this normal?
Does it shut off even if plugged into USB power?
The text states that it runs on batteries but the pictures shows a usb wall charger. Does the usb charge come with it?
This says optional auto timer off, how do I make it stay on?
Is this bpa free?
how many blocks in this bag?
If you toss them in the bath water, will water get inside of the these Elemenosqueeze Blocks?
Does anyone think that these would survive on the top rack of the dishwasher?
Bag says both "Do not immerse in water" and "Toss them in the tub." So, is the tub supposed to be dry?! Seriously, which is it?
It looks like they fit perfectly in the bag, to start, but how easily are they stored in the bag? Is a certain configuration required for them to fit?
Can you wash these blocks?
What material are they made of?
What animal is on the X block?
What is the X block supposed to be? I did find info about a fish called Xiphactinus, of which a number of fossils have been found. Is that it?
Will a microphone work with this? If so, which one?
Is there a power cord available?
will this player play an MP3 format CD?
Will it repeat a CD continuously?
Hello I wonder if you have plug to the wall? only runs on electricity or batteries? I would also like to know if it supports pendrive?
does it have a microphone input?
Does it play MP3 CDs?
Can you plug in an MP3 player?
Is there a power cord available?
Can this be used with a wireless microphone?
Can you play more than one note at a time? Is it on pitch? Does it slide on school type carpet? Thanks
what are the dimensions?
How many octaves are on it?
I've read reviews on other keyboards sliding on wood floor, is that the case with this one too??
Age appropiate for 2 year old?
What are the storage options for this piano? Does it roll or fold? What is the most compact size it can become?
Does this keyboard roll up?
Can more than one player play at the same time?
How much does it weigh?
My car makes the music, but the wheels aren't moving (on the pocoyo car)...any suggestions?
My car isn't working. I hear the motor running, and the music plays but it sounds like a gear or wheel is caught on something. What should I do?
Does this come in the original packaging?
Need just the car the gears are shot-can I buy just the car?
The car can work but so slowly. ANY SUGGESTIONS?
My Car does not move, but the music works. What should I Do?
what can be done if this toy plays music but it doesnt drive like it is supposed to ?
What type of material is this made out of (PVC/BPA or type of Plastic)? My sister is very specific on certain materials to give her son. Thanks.
Am I supposed to be doing something to get the track to move or did I receive a defective track?
My car does not move- but the music works...any suggestions?
What is the size? Height?
does it come apart to form the lions?
how big is this voltron
Does this come with the Voltron Flight stand?
does this come with the pump?
I bought one of these cows on craigslist. How do I fill it? Do I pull the white plug on the bottom or do I stick a needle in it and pump it up?
Is this phthalate free?
Can someone tell me how tall this is. How tall from floor to top of seat and how tall from floor to top of head. The product dimensions look off....
What is the best way to inflate it? I have an electric air pump that I use on airbeds, but it doesn't seem to get it full.
How long does it take to charge a 5300mah 7.4v lipo battery?
can it connect to a deans connector battery
Does it have an adapter to charge small li-ion(7.4v 1500mAh) batteries with a JST-XH plug?
does it include HXT 4mm connectors and a wall plug?
Can this be used to bring back a dead lipo?
Dose this charger come with any of the cables to charge your lipos ?
Are these fake or original?
Can I use this charger to charge and discharge my 18V nicd tool batteries using the recommended 12Vdc adapter?
can you do balancing on individual batteries (eg. 18650), say in a set of 3 at a time? Or does it require battery packs with special connectors?
Does this come with a Turnigy adapter?
Is the hood glued on, or can it move with the head?
What toy company made this figure?
How many inches is this figure?
The Pic is an old T9, not the 8FGS like the Title says. No description saying it is the FASST or if it comes with a receiver.... What is it really?
What does the "Mode 2" mean in the title of this product?
Does this work for Quadcopters. I want to use this with a DJI Phanyom 2
What is the average range for this? Looking to add some distance to a phantom 2 and a 550 FW?
Hello, does this product include Rx battery, and charger for Rx/Tx?
Does this item include the receiver?
The Pic is an old T9, not the 8FGS like the Title says. No description saying it is the FASST or if it comes with an S-Bus receiver ?
is glue included in this kit? Do I need to buy glue to put this together?
is it a snap together or a glue together
Do I have to paint the car myself? I want to give it as a gift, so not sure if the kid would have the paint or not
Does it have to be glued together?
Does it have to be glued together?
Hi. I just wanted to know if the doors and the hood open?
This product weights 2.2 pound ? compared to Revell 1:48 P - 51D Mustang weighting 7.2 ounce, what a big difference, is it a mistake ?
Can you briefly Give out dimensions of the Plane like Length and Wingspan? much appreciated. Thank you.
How many inches long is the plane?
does it require glue and is this airplane good for starters(thirteen year olds)
Is the aircraft already painted or shall I have to paint it myself?
Do they come with the purple ribbon tied on?
If I order $11.07 how many bottles do I get?
how many commes in the package???
Hi, it says you only have 2 left in stock will you be getting more in? I'm after 100 for my wedding in June. thanks
How big is each wand. Tall and around?
Do you need a ribbon tied around in order to open, or is the ribbon simply for design purposes?
In live in Costa Rica, the package can support the travel? The bottle leak?
Are these hard to open?
How many ounce is each of the tube?
How many ounce is each of the tube?
How large is Stan when he arrives and is he in a case or bag for carrying?
Is there a version without the mount and which ships easier. Perhaps just with the pelvic joint.
where's the patella? I don't see it.. anything else missing?
Does his skull come off and is it split in two so you can look inside?
I'm curious... can Stan be taken off his stand and lay posed supine in one piece?
I just want a skeleton without the heavy frame. I can string this up some other way, without using the pelvic joint, if possible.
Do the spine and clavicle have ROM?
Can the pelvic joint be tilted side-to-side and front-to-back? I am looking for something that will help me understand how my own hips move.
Does it have all 206 bones of the human body
Is this a first quality model, meaning there are no known imperfections in the cast from the casting process itself?
is it possible to remove both sides limbs?
Does the model come with the bone book that the company provides?
What method of shipping do you use for (Standard Shipping) is it UPS or FedEx or USPS? And how about (Expedited shipping) what method of shipping do you use?
What is the dimension of the box approximatively? Is it already assembled?
Are there elastic bands in the shoulder joints
I would like to purchase the poppers/snaps by the case. A case has six boxes and each box contains 50 small boxes of the poppers/snaps.
are there 12 box's or 12 pieces in the box.
Do these use black powder? Or how do they explode?
Is this one dozen boxes or is it a dozen in one boc
is it 2.49 per box or for all 12
I want to get some of these for a festival that we are having do they come in bigger boxes and is there only 12 boxes in one big box?
Can you ship in Canada? are they legal in Canada?
How many are in a box?
can this ship to california
Do you get both pairs?
are the pads included
What size would a boy with a 301/2 waist order in padded football pants
Do you get both pairs?
are the pads included
What size would a boy with a 301/2 waist order in padded football pants
Do you get both pairs?
are the pads included
What size would a boy with a 301/2 waist order in padded football pants
Can someone measure the bunny from foot to top of ear and tell me the height? It says 16" in the description, but i want to double check.
Does this bunny have bean-bag-like pellets in it?
Machine washable, definitely?
how do u get the coins out
What is the bank made of?
Can use coins from Brasil ?
Can use coins from Brasil ?
I really need to know if this is the EX version since i know the difference and i dont want to lose time sending it back
How tall is this item?
Hi, would you ship this item to GUAYAQUIL, ECUADOR?
Hi, would you ship this item to Porto Alegre, Brazil? Kind regards, Marcio
Does he come with a stand?
Does he come with a stand?
how tall is he
Is it for 11 year olds?
What movie or year is this figure from?
What's the difference between this Godzilla and the one being released in late August 2014 titled "Bandai Tamashii Nations S.H. MonsterArts Godzilla"?
Or is the beam of first production?
how big is this idem
does it come with breath parts?
Is it the the 1st sale lot with Atomic Ray Effect?
do you have a first edition in stock
Does this figure always come with it no matter what?
Is this the 1st Edition Godzilla with the atomic breath?
how many parts?
Does the glue and paints come in the kit?
Would it be better to paint this model before putting it together?
Would it be very hard to put some small lights into this model to show though the windows?
Could any one tell me the name of the colors you have used for this model that is acurate to the titanics color? I would really appreciate the help
Does this model use colored plastic parts? Or will need to paint it?
Can an 8 yr. old build this with help?
Dose some of the parts need glue
Does it sink?
What skill level would be required to rig this thing well? And also, I have no experience rigging, can i still manage with good job?
Will this fit a 2002 EZGO workhorse ST480?
Will this fit an 95 ezgo TXT &amp; is it an ezgo oem item?
Do the rubber clips come with the windshield?
what size is it ?
will this fit 2014 txt model?
will this fit a 2000 EZGO Freedom model?
will this fit an 1988 EZGO
Will this fit a 2009 CLUB CAR XRT1550
will this fit a 2015 txt ez go cart?
I have a 2000 workhorse, will it fit?
Does this package include a baking pan? Is the pan disposable or good for reuse?
Do you have to use the easy bake products to bake in the easy bake oven? Can regular store bought mixes be used instead?
Why are the mixes marked "refill"? Is something else needed to initially bake the items?
does it come with cupcake (paper) cups
does it include the cupcake tin
Why is there a big cupcake on the box and tv but why are the real ones tiny
Can you use this refill with the regular easy bake oven
will they fit a 1/10 scale monster mutt ?
Do these tires have hex mount or pin mount??
do they come with the rims?
Tks for your support, is better buy this trenchers tires or the badlands tires?
Would these tires fit as rear tires on a rustler?
Will these fit A Stampede 4x4 xl-5 front and back I'm new to these tires
how many come in a pack?
Will these fit a Axial Wraith?
Hopefully I'm not asking a silly question but here it is :) Is this for 4 tires this listing?
would these fit on ecx torment
will these work on the rear of a rustler?
Will these fit both front and rear of electric stampede
Does this come with all 4 tires or just 2?
So they work on a 2WD Stampede Right?
are these for the rear
How many come in the package
does it come assembled?
How many Watt this mini cooper?
Would this fit a 4 yr old boy? He is on the small side?
Can you ride it inside on carpet and wooden flooring?
does it drive well in the grass?
Have Parental Remote Control ?
how long does the battery last
Hello owners, does this car comes with a remote control for the fathers?
Does it have a remote control as well?
Do the doors open
How big is this truck dimension wise?
Do the door open?
My daughter has only played with it for a month and already a tire is broke. Do you know where I can get a replacement tire?
Does this truck come packaged in a box that can be gifted?
Is this Postal truck by Think Fast Toy made of metal?
Is this metal and does it pull back.
Do you have smaller versions of this truck. Hot Wheels or Match Box sized!?!
do you have a larger version of the US mail truck?
does this work with chugginton trains?
Does this wooden track work with Bigjig set?
Is there track on both sides of the pieces?
Will this track work with the Imaginarium train set
Does this work with Brio trains?
If you place the pieces side-by-side are the Conductor Carl pieces shorter or the same length as your original tracks?
Is this set compatible with the Thomas and Friends Wooden Railway?
Are the tracks compatible with trackmaster thomas motorized trains?
Do they fit with the ikea plastic tipped tracks?
How wide are the tracks?
good evening, do you ship items same day? Also if i pay for expedited shipping will it be shipped priority?
Will this work for Barbie jammin jeep model # L7820-9993?
what are the dimentions in terms of height length and width?
this is a rechargable one rite after i ordered it they recomend i buy the rechargable battery. im a little bit confused now.
this battery work for, ford mustang red model J4390-9993
how long of a charge does the battery hold?
will this work in the two seater pink escalade ?
Should i charge the battery when it first arrives?
why won't you ship to Alaska?
does it fit a jeep hurricane green model?
Will it fin in a traxxas rustler?
What 25C means?
Will this battery work with raxxas 7407 1/10 Rally Car Brushless with Velineon VXL-3s Electronic Speed Control??? And I need a charger advice for it!
Can I use this on a brushed E-Maxx 3903?
will it work on the slash 4x4
Can I use my 2amp traxxas quick charger for this or do I need the 6 amp lipo charger
this batterie can used with dji phantom 1 ?
Do i have to buy another charger or can I use my stock lipo charger on this battery? Mine says 2500 to 3500mah
will this battery work or fit in my traxxas spartan boat
Is this battery a better battery for my traxxas 1/10scale ford f-150 raptor or would the lipo 9000 amp 7.4 volts? Sorry if the question is weird
Does this battery need a specific charger?
Will this fit in a stampede vxl?
will this work with a bandit?
is Enought this battery to gey 60MPH with my Traxxas RTR 1/10 Stampede 4X4 VXL 2.4GHz?? or maybe is other one better?
about how long would this battery last in a regular 2wd stampede?
Any idea if this will fit a redcat racing Tornado?
can you run it in a emaxx
Does this battery need a specific charger?
will this work with my Traxxas slash 2wd?
Would you recommend this or a different version for use with the Traxxas 1/16 Summit VXL?
Can this doll be repositioned (ie- does it have hip joints? can it be repositioned to standing, turn its head, etc)?
Is this doll soft and cuddly?
Do the eyes open and close?
Can you charge more than one 7 cell NiMH battery at a time?
does this charger charge faster then the stock charger
Does this charger have auto shut off?
will it charge two batterys at same time?
Just tried using first time with new trax lipo, followed instructions, keeps saying "vol err cell" can't call traxxas a till morn. Help !
Will this charge a single Lipo with more than 3 cells?
The pictures show the dual adapter, is this included?
Does it charge Battery, Power Cell, 3000mAh (NiMH, 7-C hump, 8.4V)?
Will this charge batteries for a Traxxas Emaxx brushed without additional wires or hardware?
does it come with or can i get a temp probe for it?
will this fit the Rustler and the Slash both are brushless?
can anyone tell me what the difference in performance this battery would be from a Traxxas 25C 7.4V 2S 2-Cell 4000mAh LiPo Battery
how fast will it make a stampede 2x2 go on road????
Is the size suitable for erevo 5603
How long would this battery last in a Velineon 3500 Brushless System? (I have the Stampede 4x4 VXL that takes only one battery.)
I bought the shark and the clown fish...will one disposable tank fill both?
would a 10 ltre helium be suuficient to blow up the fish
The Post says it is air swimmers which is owned by wmc toys, yet the picture says it is flying fish brand. Is this the original product or a knockoff?
ITS EVERYONE WITH INDIVIDUAL REMOTE CONTROL?
air swimmers: does the product includes helium and relative tools?
is this a real air swimmer or a low quality knock off?
Are the Helium refillable???
how does it come down?
Could you use it outside without it floating away?
How high does it fly if you are in a very high ceilinged room??
How much helium does it take to fill up the shark?
Does the kit contain batteries, or do I need to buy them separately?
What is the box dimension? Thanks!
how big is it
Can the remote control shark be filled with helium more than once (is it re-fillable?)
do these have a motor that they use to power the project they build?
I have a son that is a Lego freak and is 15. Do you think this would be good for him?
Is this kit the same as buying all the individual simple machine kits together?
I'm looking for a mechanical digger claw with a crank that could be mounted on a little boat and pick up things on the bottom of a fish tank. Do you have that toy? Thanks.
Does anyone know how many of the 60+ items can be built at once?
How realistic is this doll
can she have a real pacifier in the mouth.
Will a pacifier fit in the mouth.
What size clothes does she wear
Does she come with diapers? :-)
Does their hair fall out?
will preemie baby clothes fit this 19" doll?
Do the eyes open and close and does she make any sounds?
what size is this doll
Does her face come covered? I want it to be a surprise! :) Thnx
where can i get more batteries
does this model have quick battery change out?
hi im needing 2 moters for my 4ch avatar hovercraft mini helicopter for the main blade whare can i get is at.model # is mit4cavhb or mit4cavhr
how do you get the helicopter to sync to the remote? I'm having trouble, please help!
Does banking unit is the same as shown, the black one?
What's the difference between the electronic Banking and the elctronic banking game?
Is this MONOPOLY Brand Electronic Banking Edition
The description says it comes with 6 tokens and 6 bank cards, but the box in the picture says is comes with 4 of each, which is it?
Are the tokens and hotels made from steel or plastic material?
good let me know if this monopoly is in Spanish version?
Can u ship to saudi arabia ?
hello would like to know if the game comes in Spanish
how long it will take to deliver to Sri Lanka?
is there anyway to waterproof the electrical board inside ,to prevent it from getting wet and shorting out on you?
can you add a camera?
Is it an outdoor helicopter
is there any way to up grade it to a 2.4 ghz
what comes with this does it have a remote controller
Is it an outdoor helicopter
What is the bland span length.
I want to buy extra batteries and spare charger for Huge 3ft long 35 ch Sky King RCHelicopter ??
How long til the battery recharges
can you tie two batteries onto the sides of the neon light under it while leaving the lights as they are?
I have a 4 yr old that just got 2 new twin baby cousins - this stroller looks to short - would it be to short for a 4 yr to push
hi tell me plese the stoller size? it's seems very very small =)
Would a one year old be able to walk and push this stroller?
This item is very cute, but too small for older children such has my 4 and 5 yr olds, do you have any other products like this that would be bigger?
Is the stroller high enough for a toddler to push? It seems very small.
Would this stroller work for American girl doll ? Like the doll pretending to be pushing it ..what is the height of the handle on the stroller ?
Yarn crafters: do these work for weaving in ends on knit/crochet projects?
are these big enough for a 5-7 year olds hands, to teach them how to sew?
I am looking for a red colored needle. Is red included in your mix?
Would these work in Darcy 7 mesh plastic canvas for classroom project?
Would these be strong/sharp enough to poke through felt or fleece fabric?
Is there staining on Akemi's legs from black clothing?
Does she come with both outfits and shoe pairs like in the pictures?
Hello! Is there staining on Akemi pullips legs from black clothing? I need her for play doll. Miniobsessed
What are the verbal commands the police car says?
Title says 14". Product description has it at 9.5". Which is it? Are the pictures for a different product than the one currently being sold?
Recent reviews say that they did not receive the correct item but something similar and inferior. Anyone recently get the pictured item?
Are you able to turn off the siren?
Does this car have more than one type of siren? I'm looking for a police car with a European sounding siren ("neener, neener, neener)
Do the doors open on this car?
how big or tall is this set of dolls
How tall are the dolls?
doll size?
Are their bodies all plastic? I need make sure they r water safe, as my daughter will want to take them in the tub!
Can you change their outfits?
how tall are these dolls?
Do these dolls stand by themselves or will they just fall over?
Do they have cloth bodies?
Do these dolls fit in the strawberry house and car ?
Ok so where can I find the raspberry torte doll to match this set? We have looked everywhere. Toys R Us has the individual ones except for Raspberry!!
Can this be used in a game room
Can this be used in a school classroom
Can this be used in a bedroom
Can this be used to cover a baseball field when it rains
What does the + and the - connect to?
Just rcv'd the unit. How to use it is the question...........
How do I set the alarm voltage? Can I disable the alarm?
I got two units and both show no buzzer and led operation
Error codes EE8 &amp; EE1 ??? I killed 2, using them on a small 30x30cm (12x12in) solar panel I use to trickle charge my car battery. Voc &lt; 30V
Will it fit /work on a WL V912 heli?
My tester alarms at WOT. It turns off when I cut the throttle for a few seconds. If I tool around at say 3/4 no proplems. Is this one defexctive?
what is its weight?
How do you hook it up to monitor a 1S lipo during flight?
So I purchased this item and when I plug my battery into it to check the voltage it doesn't beep or do anything besides show me "EE4". Ideas?
What are the diffrences to the next model the Hausler 450 SE V2 RTF for $178.00. Is it worth to spent the extra money?
I cannot get the motor on mine to start, it is binded as all servos work fine. Battery is fully charged, all wires, plugs,both switches are away.
I have the dynam e-razor 450 and the main gear set does not interchange with the t-rex 450. Does every part on this match the align t-rex 450?
how long is the flight time on a single charge?
Thank you all for your answers. There is an other heli with very good reviews. The MJX F645 F45 4ch Large Single Blade Helicopter for $ 78.00. Has anyone experience with the MJX and is it a better model as the Hausler?
Would this be large enough for 6 year old?
Is this too small for a 6 year old to play with?
Does it require batteries? And if so, what size and how many?
does this come with the accessories?
Hi are these blocks fun for a six year old or would he be too big for him?
Everyone is talking about how small these are. If I purchase them for my 4 yr. old will they pose a choking hazard to my 7 mo.old? Thanks!
Is this similar to the mindware contraptions?
Are these the same size as the Melissa and Doug standard size wooden blocks?
I would like to buy this for a public library. Are any of the pieces small enough to be concerned w/ choking hazard (pass through a toilet paper tube) ?
We have a 75-piece set. And can't tell if this is actually or just a few more than 60. If you ordered this 60+ set, can you verify if it 75?
The listing title says this is the Premiere edition, but the picture and description are for The Next Phase edition. Which edition is this?
promo cards: The game website states that pre ordering this item will get you two promo cards, is this true?
Has anyone ordered this recently? Which edition is it? The reviews appear to be for the Premiere edition.
How many players for?
What does your radio play? Mine plays 1 song for 4 secs &amp; sometimes another one for 2 secs, will go "beep beep", cuts off abruptly; is it defective?
does it come with battery and charger
Does it come assembled?
What's the difference between this and the Jeep Wrangler Rubicon also by Fisher-Price?
does it come with a charger?
what is the difference between this and the tough talking jeep?
Ages recommended for this jeep
HOW BIG ARE THE TIRES
Does this have seat belts?
Can I buy the elbow piece seperately? It broke it, Thank you
what size is the rubber stopper joints
can it handle an electric burner
Is there a related data sheet to guide?
what size flask are there
Is Mittens Fluff n Stuff part of the pack, as shown in the picture?
I want to get these to decorate my daughters birthday cake. Do the legs bend in such a way they can sit on top of a cake? Thank you.
Are these new? Are they in the original box?
Are these dolls the same as the single mini dolls mean what they are made from height and so forth
Does this stroller fold down for storage?
is it the handle that moves or is it the seat that flips around, when you want to switch from dolls from facing you or facing out?
I really need to know the size of the package that it will be shipped in. Please let me know what is the size of the shipping package. Thanks,Yuliya
Will this fit an 18 inch AG doll?
Can we order replacement parts? the back wheel went missing and the carriage is useless but can easily be fixed if only I know where to order a wheel!
Do the seats fit American Girl dolls?
How much assembly is required? Easy for a mom to put together without fancy tools?
What size dolls can this stroller hold?
Have any of you found a doll stroller for older kids... very tall 7 year old??
Are these pictures correct I thought this is mostly pink. The pictures show a lot of black and look exactly like the 9651b.
What is the difference between the kid craft princess castle playset for $75.99 and the kidkraft princess castle with furniture for $129.99? They bot
Would the plastic Disney princess figures from the Disney Store fit well with this castle? I think they're about 4" tall.
Does this come with any furniture or princess figures?
Disney Sofia The First - Sofia and Royal Family would all of these dolls fit or will the parents be to small?
Does the castle come with the flag pictured?
Does it come with the family or do I have to buy it separate?
does it come with gears or not?
Do these fit the 107G?
would this work with a Protocol Tough-Copter?
Which screwdrever do you guys use to take the screw out?
does it come with screws
How long are the blades?
Will these fit on a HAK 325?
What are the total length of the blades?
can i get parts for blue helicopter
Will these work for protocol tiger jet 3?
Will these fit Dash Advance RC
Do you get balance bar pin/screw with this? I am looking for balance bar pin/screw for syma s107G where can i get it?
what is the blades made of
Do these work with other types of toys... Like the World Tech Toys Phantom
Do the parts come with the tiny screws?
protocol compatible?
Will these work with the Syma S36?
Do these parts fit the 107G
is he full silicone
Will he hold a pacified or bottle
is the body mushy like a real baby?
is he a reborn?
is his body cloth or vinyl
can it be used with a Traxxas 1/10 Nitro T-Maxx 4WD 2.4GHz RTR without modifying the plug that connects to the receiver
How do you waterproof it?
does it have a remote or controlled by rc remote
is the item durable
Is there a number stamped in the tush tag? Where made? Pe or PVC pellets?
Does the actual bear have the extra Canadian tag?
tush tag pictures?
Are they top loading or side loading?
does the 25 in 25/9 mean there is 25 pages total or does it just come with one page
size
will it hold credit cards?
How many holes are punched in the side? 3 or 11?
Can I use it for Pokemon card?
can it hold yugioh cards?
Can these be used for wallet size photos?
Acid free?
is it transparent?
is there any way to know if the original brown box comes with this figure? for the price i would expect it to be in absolute mint condition
If I buy this product, can you ship it in a box? I saw one customer said it was shipped in a brown bag.
why does it cost so much?
Hello, just got my copter and noticed it only has one connect buckle on each rotor assembly, but there are mountings for two, Is this normal?
mt son purchased two gyro helicopters on Jan 25,2014. The one controller knob broke off and the other doesn't work correctly. Can these be returned?
Is it worth the money and easy to fly?
how do you switch channels on the copter? The channels are well marked on the control, but i can't find the channel option on the helicopter?
Why does this have two stacks of blades? I thought the idea of the Chinook is that both blades spin certain ways to prevent it from spinning it?
how long does it take to charge
Can you upgrade the battery to make the flight last longer?
Will the 110v wall charger we got with the S107G fit to charge the S026G?
The website says 10+. The box says 14+. I ordered it for my grandson who is 10, but now thinking it's too advanced for him. Your comment appreciated.
what age group is appropriate?
Are these ones that you have to snap then shake or just shake?
How long are the glow sticks?
WILL THEY FREEZ AND RUIN???
do they come with the lanyard?
are they individually wrapped?
Can you open (cut) these up and get to the fluid inside?
Is it gray amber green Looking for gray
Does this wind shield come with new mounting brackets? Pictured cart has aluminum supports, mine (2002) are 1" square steel painted black ?
What Shad is tent
Could you tell me the dimensions of the windshield I want to make sure it fits our club car?
No disrespect but how would this thing fair as a cat toy :)
Does it come with ANY balls?
Does it fire balls in the same direction every time or is there some oscillation?
Does this only use batteries or is it electrical plug in also?
What kind of 9V 2A adapter can be used for this model? There are 5.5mmx2.1mm Barrel Plug, 2.5x0.7mm Wall Barrel Plug types but not sure which one.
How fast are the balls
Does it accept the 144 regular practice balls?
what size table can it be used on we have a 3/4 sizr table would this be ok
Does this robot only serve topspin? Can it serve backspin, sidespin and other spins?
does it shoot
what is it powered by?
is it airsoft
What age groups can use these? I have a 7 yr old granddaughter.
What type of batteries do they take?
Upon delivery, one spin ball turns off when hit into the other or into body. Has this been a problem for anybody else? If so, was there an easy fix?
type of handle
In the photo of the product it shows the pois to be pink &amp; blue, do they also just light up in white?
are these effective for toning underarms???
Do these have a yellow color?
Does this come with a DVD?
Do they come with batteries?
How many? Does an order come with 1 or 2 balls?
What is the shipping box size?
can this be dismantled with ease? would it be ok to take it apart and put it together on a weekly bases? or is it put together for good?
Can it be placed on a slightly sloped backyard? our backyard isn't perfectly flat.
What are the dimensions
Big Bang Theory Fact or Fiction Trivia Game: I received the above game for Christmas as was all excited to play but my instructions were missing, anyone want to share?
What seasons covered in this game now?
How many players do you need for this gamee?
What seasons are covered in this game?
So this game is literally just about the Big bang Tv Series correct? Not actual science stuff? HAHA
How do you get the rings out of the slots? Surely you do not have to turn the unit over.
how many inches wide are holes in the board? I'm concerned arms might get stuck reaching through. Also, how may inches wide are the pieces?
can I purchase extra rings?
I am debating between buying this unit or the smaller version... Does the height of this equipment limit the kids that can play it?
We want to buy this for our church. We see about 300 kids each weekend. is it durable?
Is it 8 necklaces for 6.75 or is it 6.75 for 1 necklace, but you have to order a minimum of 8
What is the size of the each necklace? 48" inches per necklace does not sound right.
What are the colors of the necklaces? or all of them the same color?
I have ordered the same item twice, but received two different things. Is this the off-white pearl with clasp or solid white without??
I see in the comments that the necklace length is not as advertized. What is the actual length while wearing it?
Are these beads lead-free?
It says ages 5-9, but is it really suitable for that age range, or is my six year old going to look at this as a "baby toy"?
What is the weight limit on this motorcycle?
Where can I buy a replacement charger for the pink motorcycle
How fast does it go
Is there two wheels on back or one wheel
WHAT KIND OF ASSEMBLY IS REQUIRED?
Is truck water proof.
how fast does it go
Does this body come with window masking?
painted bodies for slash 4x4
Does it come painted?
Why does this one cost twice as much as the red and blue robots?
How tall is it?
Does it require batteries? What all does it do?
Can I get a replacement charge cable anywhere?
whats the name of the app
does this work with Iphone 5 ?
Will it work for any iPhone like iPhone 5? And all it requires is installation do app and no additional devices that connect to the phone?
Can I use the iphone5 and the ipad 3 and4?
Does it come with a CHARGING CORD?
Is this model also Android compatible?
How long is the fly time and charging time on this helicopter?
On my computer the pictures of the helicopter are all gray. Before i click on it its yellow. Is the real color yellow?
Thoughts on this one vs 9118 and 9053? Which is the better buy?
Fly options: Can two helicopters os the same type fly at the same time with different remotes control?
Does this carry any accessories as well? ie cartridges, charger, earphones etc
does it fit innotab 2 Baby
Since it comes with the prop 65 label warning is it safe to buy this product for kids? What would you recommend to me? I want to buy but I'm scared.
Does this fit the innotab 3s?
Does it fit innotab 2 also?
Do the kids have to take this out of the case to play with it or does it flip open and have holes for stuff to plug in during use?
Will this hold an Innotab 3s in a folio? There is another case that will fit it, but I really want the backpack!
does this fit the innotab 2 also?
Does anyone know if this fits the 3s?
how tall is it
Are the wheels hard plastic or a softer rubber?
Does this stroller come with the diaper bag it shows, I have seen mixed answers on this? Thanks!
Could you tell me the shipping dimensions of the item in the box? I want to send it in another country.
I am looking to purchase this for my 18m old daughter. I know it says the handle is adjustable "up to" but what's the lowest setting of the handle?
Does this stroller have straps and the seat option Like the other colors, since they all share the same model number 9651b?
Does it adjust into a stroller in addition to the bassinet shown?
Is this the same stroller as Babyboo Deluxe Doll Pram Color PURPLE &amp; BLACK - 9651B PRP?
what are the dimentions?
Does the pink pram turn into a sitting seat position like the beige pram stroller does?
Is it as big as the picture, in the hands?
is it filled with stuffing, or air?
Does this plush make any noise when it is squeezed?
my underside antenna is not connected to the helo...where does the antenna plug into?
We're newbies. Using the steerix elite. What is the"wire" coming from the underside and wrapped around the landing gear?
The red light on the charger does not come on when battery is fully charged, even when leaving on the charger for 2 hr. Is the charger defective?
Do you know where I can buy a replacement remote for this helicopter? Mine got damaged. Thanks.
WHAT LANGUAGE THAT IS ABLE TO REPEAT, SPANISH?
I just bought 3 Richie the Repeating Rabbits - Talking Rabbits. Are batteries included? What size please? Thank you. Rosalie
howdo you open the case to change the batteries? the sreww won't come out
is this a full body reborn?
is he made all of vinyl or does he have a fabric body
does he have a magnet
how can put a magnet on it or what pacifier can i wear on it ?
i like babys with full arms and legs any suggestions?
IS HE REALISTIC LOOKING?
I have quite a few questions 1. Is him mouth opened at all? 2. how much does he way. 3. Does he look like a real baby or does he look like a doll
is his mouth opened?
is this doll poseable?
can he fit newborn clothes??
How long is she head to toe?
Do her clothes come off??
Can it be a boy because I really want a boy because they are cuter in my mind
how long will it take to get here?
is she soft or hard to the touch?
how much does she weigh?
Does she have a magnetic mouth?
Is she made out of cloth
What is the diameter of the large opening?
would these work for pouring fingerpaint back into the bottle
What is the diameter size of the small opening?
Can you play this past the 15 plays? If yes, is it worth it or still fun after game 15?
Can the game be played and fully enjoyed by only three players?
Do they make expansion packs that you can purchase
Anyone else received their copy opened??
Do I need to keep the same group of players consistently? Will it ruin things if one player drops out or if we add someone?
How similar does the game play to Risk proper from the first play through the 15th play?
Since it is a progressive game with multiple plays, does the game board need to be kept out and set up? Or can it be packed away after each play?
Can new people jump in as they want to? I have a guaranteed 3 people who will play, but an occasional 4th person who can join.
How similar does the game play to Risk proper from the first play through the 15th play?
How long does it take to play?
Where can I purchase new lenses for this mask?
What is the packaging of the helmet ? can i have some picture ?
The helmet is wearable ?
i have a big head that i cant wear baseball ball-cap is this helmet a any size one ?
Does the helmet fit bigger heads like a 7 5/8" noggin?
Is this the hero or stunt version? there are 2 photos 1 looks like the stunt but the other says hero, please clarify
1.) does this helmet fit most of you you who purchased it? 2.) is it fairly sturdy? 3.) finally, does this helmet have the green eyepiece lenses, as shown in the picture? If so, are those lenses replaceable? Thanks!
Does this helmet have the voice modulator?
can it fit bowser jr
what are the dimensions of the coin block?
what is the size of this?
How many system bases come with it? one or two? the picture shows 2 system bases so kinda confused.
How many stands are there, only one or is there two of them. meaning can I put two gundam up or only one??
can you use these for marvel universe and gi joe 3.75 inch figures? would look great as a shield helicarrier interior.
Do you have any idea what the Gundam shown on display is? It is really cool.
What is the highest numbered element? In particular, is Lv 116 on any of the blocks?
Are the elements on the blocks color-coded according to properties, e.g., a color for metals, another color for gases, etc.?
How big are the individual blocks?
How big is this puzzle? I want to know if it will fit on our puzzle saver.
is the frame included
Ais the puzzle numbrtrf
are the pieces interlocking?
What are the box dimensions? Need to know for shipping again in another box.
how many pieces is this puzzle?
how many pieces are in this puzzle?
is the test relatively big enough to read?
what is a political globe?
does it come inflated and assembled?
Are the States shown with boundaries? And is Tijuana and San Diego on the map?
Does globe spin on stand
Does this globe show Hawaii?
What is the total height after assembly? Will it fit in a shelf space 14.5" tall?
Is the Elenco 11" Desktop Political Globe illuminated?
Does it show rivers and lakes?
What is the globe itself made of?
are there sound effects from the display? im considering getting but not instsallig with the eletronic score as arch seems large
what range of age would you suggest for this game?
does the puck ever fly off of the table?
Is your table holding up well? any issues? would u buy again?
Does this product come with pushers &amp; pucks?
Is this difficult to put together? I want to have it partially put together ahead of time just adding the legs last in order to get it inside.
Is the arch optional and does the table look okay without it?
Do you have to use the score board mechanism?
The floor in the room we are planning to put the table is a little crooked in spots, are the table legs adjustable to make the table level?
Our table isn't keeping score, the sensor doesn't seem to be working? Any suggestions?
How big does this get and do you only get to grow 1 crystal?
Do I have choice of color?
What is the recommended age for this? I can't seem to find it.
when it is all finished, how hard is the final crystal? can you take it out and mess with it, or is it something that has to stay in the container?
Are these "salt crystals?" or something other?
Has anyone tried this kid with younger kids ages 5-6?
What happens if the container of mixture gets moved around, i.e. transported from one place to another? Will it affect the crystal growing process?
I want to order the"red crystal growing kit". How do I indicate this selection ????
Is there any way I can request red or blue?
Are the cards specially marked so that you know they are the expansion cards?
We have 8 couples coming for dinner...can 16 people play this at once?
Whats the difference from the expansion packs?
I've never heard of Cards Against Humanity. What are they?
If you buy the first expansion, second expansion, third expansion, and fourth expansion can you play without the original game which is sold out?
Can I play with just the expansion pack and not the original game?
How old were the orphans that crafted these cards...I do have my limits...
If not purchasing all 5 of the expansions at once, which order should I buy them?
Do the expansion packs fit in the box that comes w/ the original game?
Is there any kind of theme for each of the expansion packs or are they random (hilarious) stuff?
Hello. I want two units to Spain. How much is shipping? thank you.
can the Figure come off the stand or ship thing?
how tall is it?
Hi, I am wondering if the you will be getting more of the Scratch Magic Note Cubes in stock for the Holidays. I see you only have three left at the moment, and my order is not yet complete.
What size are these?
What is the thickness of the paper? We are looking to cut them into shapes and create ornaments; are they rigid enough for this?
Can I use any other instead of this wooden stylus like a coin or a spoon?
are the back of these blank? I'm hoping for a white post-card like backing where i could write a note
Do these have adhesive on the back like post it notes?
Does it come with any Sticks?
What is the size of these sheets?
Are these black light reactive?
Will it float?
What is the size of the aircraft carrier?
what is the ship made of plastic or metal
what are the dimensions of this item? the ship length, the planes's length please.
Can you add train cars to the back of this engine to pull around the track?
Can you use this on the floor, or do you need a track?
How many batteries does it need?
Can you use this on any geotrax railroad?
Is this car a remote control car?
Is this toy in the original packaging or is it an open box?
Does this come with the decals sheet?
is coming whit chassis RC?
Can the various vehicles be used on any of the v tech play sets?
We bought the airport playset. Can this - and all of the other cars - be used with that set, as well? Thanks!
What are the original box dimensions?
Do the additional cars have batteries and run by themselves with the push of a button?
Do these little vehicles move on their own on the vtech playsets or are they only push propelled?
Do these little vehicles move on their own on the vtech playsets or are they only push propelled?
Can it move by itself?
Will this car interact with any Smart Wheels track? I have the Train Station and looking for additional cars for it.
but i already bought the entire set . the train station playset. it still didn't move.
Has anyone else had the sound fail on the police car? Just makes an annoying sound. It worked when we first got it.
Does the door open
If Bell comes with set, how do you buy the other family members? Or do you have to buy the whole family and you end up with two Bells?
WHat furnitures does it come with it?
Is their room to add more furniture?
On Amazon, the price says $39.95, but when you click on it to add it to your cart, it says $49.95. Please clarify. Strange!
does the cozy cottage come with critters?
I saw somewhere that you can connect this with one of the other bigger houses but I can't remember which one. Does anyone know?
Did this come with the tv?
does the bunny come with it
WHat furnitures does it come with it?
what kind of connector does this servo have and what length is it.
does this rotate 360 degrees?
Is this the same size as a savox SW-0231MG steering servo?
will this fit a traxxas rustler?
Can I put this in an SCX-10 without changing the ESC etc?
how many teeth on the horn gear for the servo arm
Has anyone mounted two of these on a Summit? If so how does it fit? Is it a good upgrade from the stock 2075 for bashing/crawling?
Any chance this paint would work on paper, or is paper too porous?
I'm having trouble with this paint drying, do I need to thin it before applying to my plastic model?
stemming from the first question, I use powder enamal, when heated it melts. Does this paint dry to a hard/raised feel? Smooth/Brushstrokes? thx
Does this heli come with the controller?
Does it come with a battery charger &amp; a rechargeable battery? Is there anything additional I need to be able to fly?
suitability for children? will this model be suitable for an 8 year old boy?
Is it indoor only or will it fly outdoors?
Simple enough for an 8-year-old?
Can you get an ad battery charger for this heli
Is this intended for outdoor use?
What is the difference between this helicopter and the MCX RTF
is it 4ch i dont like the rotate lft rite control on throtle side
Is this swing susceptible to flipping over if child leans too far forward? Some swings of this type at parks seem to do that.
Can this swing be attached to a tree branch? If so, does it come with the hardware required?
Is this seat a real hard plastic or more on the soft side?
Does the yellow coating on the chains go all the way up?
What is this swing rated for the weight of a child?
How much weight will this swing support?
which hanger should i buy? attaching this to a 7 foot deck to a 2x6
Can you hang this swing indoors? What hardware would you recommend to hang it with?
Is this a commercial quality swing, or just home use?
Does the swing come with the hangers? Or do I need to buy them separately?
Is each chain 66 inches ? How wide is the chain link opening ? (I want to hang it from a rope)
How much weight can the chain support?
Is there any kind of hook or attachment at the end of each chain? Or is it just chain and you have to buy the hooks separately?
Does this swing come with the hardware to attach to a board or tree?
how wide is the swing seat?
is the entire chain coated in rubber?
can this swing hang from a tree as opposed to swingset ?
Does the swing come with clips to attach to the top of the beam?
Horse glider: Can this glider be mounted on a metal swing set and are the mounting brackets included?
I have a different bracket on my swing that once held such a device. will that work? Or will your brackets fit my swingset?
we are missing one chain. howdow I replace it?
how do you mount it?
Does anyone have this mounted on a swingset with only two mounting/attachment points? I have a metal pipe style swingset and wonder if it would work.
I have an old-school metal (home-built) swingset that only has the regular attachment points for a regular swing. Could this be made to work?
Can this be used with 1rider or you need 2?
Will this fit on the woodplay playset?
do the chains hang from 2 or 4 places?
weight limit?
can the 4x6 swing beam be slid through the bracket so that part of the beam sticks out a few feet? I can't tell in photo if the bracket is closed end
How many ship per order?
We don't know what the length of wood is required. We have our set laying on the ground with 12 foot 4x4's! LOL now we can't seem to stand it up!
Does anyone know how many swings can be hung from a 8 or 10 ft beam?
Hi, I ordered 2 of these a few days ago. If I am using 4x4x12's, what height will the cross beam be? Thanks
Could you see anyway these could work to make monkey bars?
What angle do we cut the feet on the 4 x 4's? Assuming 45 degree. Or do most folks simply dont cut the feet if they are putting the swing in grass?
do they come in a 4x4 cross bracket?
What angle should I cut the 4x4's footings to be flush with the ground? how did everyone else to this?
For the top beam, does the bracket accept a standard 4x6 (actual dimensions 3.5-in x 5.5-in)?
Will these brackets work if the cross member is a 2 X 4?
What additional materials/tools do I need to install? I see most reviews say that bolts are needed, but I can't find one that says the dimensions.
Will these work on a Lifetime Swingset?
Will this work on a rainbow swingset?
How wide will the inner brackets spread? I am attaching to a cross beam approximately 6 1/2 inches wide
Would we need these brackets if we are hanging it on a metal swingset?
Will this fit on a woodplay play set?
Are these smaller than the regular figure ponies?
Hi, Could you please tell me it&acute;s possible send me this to Argentina?TY
Do you deliver to South Africa? If yes - what would the cost be for a traceable parcel?
Seek
Can you comb the hair
can you change the ponies poses
hi, do you ship to Israel and if so, how much is the shipping?
can you ship to england for free if the order is over 35$
Why its not available as prime?
41" tall which size bike
My daughter is turning 4 in two weeks, she is 100cm tall (average height). Which size should I buy for her? Will she grow out of the 12" too fast?
I have been checking on a regular basis trying to order a 14" but none have been available. Anyone else this problem? Possible solution?
I want to purchase this bike but I need the 14" size. You have every size but that one. Will you be offering the 14" soon?
which size should I get for my 3 year old?
my son is 36 inches....contemplating b/w 12" and 14 ". Any suggestions ?
Can the 12" be used as a balance bike with the pedals &amp; training wheels removed?
how are the training wheels? We bought a cheaper bike and the training wheels are completely unlevel all of the time and my son constantly tips over.
What size do you recommend for my 6-year-old who is 48 inches tall and my 3-year-old who is 40 inches tall? Thanks!
batteries??
How many eyes are in the set
Is 71/2 too old for Zoobs? Our grandson loves Lego kits and we'd like to try something else--anything else!
Has anyone successfully built the alien per the schematic included? I believe there is an error in their calculation of pieces. Any one else?
Does this set (Zoob Alien Creature) work interchangeably with the other sets? Specifically, the basic sets.
will this work on a 2wd stampede?
is the cord long enough to reach the esc? if i want to plug in itinto the connection from it
Is the light bar/rack metal or plastic? The top of my car hits the ground often so must be VERY tough
will this work with traxxas t-maxx 3.3 nitro?
Is it waterproof
where do you hook them up
Will this work for a tmaxx 3.3?
where do they mount
WILL THIS FIT A TRAXXAS RAPTOR F150?
What cables are included? Is there a banana plug? Tower hobbies shows all the cables that come with it, but i am only seeing the unit itself in the p
does this charger have the ability to balence and charge 3s lipo out of the box? or do I need an adaptor to balence the cells?
What charging plugs come with this charger?
Does this charger have the standard input ports for the banana plugss?
does this charger have the storage mode for when you will not be using your lipo's for a while
Does this auto detect mah and rating or do you have to manually put it in?
can this charge lipo battery with deans connector?
Can this charger charge by connecting only the balancing connector as my old Cellpro does?
What are the alligator clips for?
I have an eflite 3s with ec3 connector. Does this charger have the correct adapter?
does the faucet knob actually turn, or is it stationary?
Can you ship to the uk?
is this kitchen set suitable for a kindergartner or is it too small? ( 5 years old)
Is it made of wood or particle board?
I want to know the size of the product packaging. Width Length High
Can you please tell me the dimensions of each side .......like the corner to the one side and the corner to the other side?
What pieces are plastic? Are the doors, hinges, knobs, etc. plastic or more durable wood?
Does anyone know what the depth of this kitchen is?
Has anyone had problems with the wood splitting? I love the look of the wood kitchen, but worried about durability
what are the dimensions of the two sides of this kitchen? (the refrigerator/microwave section AND the oven/ washing machine section)?
is this a cast off figuer
This is a Good Smile product right?
how tall is this 1/8 scale figure?
Does this figure ship from California or Japan? It says both when I view in "all buying options."
What is the measurements?
is it a full size pillow pet?
what size is it?
what is the size?
what are the choking hazzards for this product?
Well, help, it says USA made or other, hmm...what is it?
Was the one you received Full size Pillow Pet, and if so who did you purchase from?
Is this the standard pillow pet or the pee wee size? Seems RECENT reviews indicate that it is the pee wee size.
Who did you buy from and was it full size?
Is this machine washable?
Is the material polyester or what else??
Do these come loose or packaged in plastic? I am sending to children who have to prevent germs so needs to be packaged. Thanks.
What are the dimensions of this pillow?
How many decks are needed for 6 players?
Do these Cards come with rules 'How to Play Canasta'?
Do both decks have the same color/design? I've seen sets where each deck is a different color....
Do Canasta Decks of cards have the point value printed on the cards?
can they be used to play hand and foot?
are the cards red or blue?
how do these cards work in an automatic shuffler?
Do these cards have the points for Hands and Foot game. Big numbers?, On what?
Okay am very new at this hand and foot card game. Friends said to order six decks of same color. Are these bridge size cards?
how many decks of cards are in one order?
I want black, I want 4. Why can't I pick color?
Can you hang this case on the wall? Or is it only made to stand up on a flat surface?
I have placed an order for two of these Lego Large Display Case. Can I please request for the color YELLOW? I can provide my order number#
will this stack on the lego block storage pieces like the 6 spot or 4 spot?
I understand the colours are random, but hoping you can tell me what colours you have left please?
Will the Marge Simpson minifigure fit into this case? Marge's hair is taller than most minifigures.
What is the Recommended age for this toy?
how big is this truck approximately?
Is this the LARGE one as in the one say 10 inches? What does 1:24?
I've heard about the Bey inside of this set being fake. Is this true, or is it due to an accidental problem not meant to be?
Is this made in japan
Does this set come with the Prototype Nemesis beyblade? Is this made in China or Japan?
It came with nothing to put in the holes to attach together, does anyone have a suggestion?
Will it come in the original Japanese packaging or is it re boxed?
is this a good product
does it include the front bumper?
I thought it was the whole truck
is it 4 weel drive
how long is it and how wide is it.
is it just the bed or is it the full body
for 1/16 scale?
is this rc fast or slow and is it strong
is it waterproof
Do you get the crawler?
does it fit a1/14 size rc
does the suit come off
how big?
how tall is the panda domo?
What are the dementions of the battery?
I have a 9.6 volt rechargeable battery from Fast Lane b t it does not have the cords like the ones shown. my battery slides into a charger. will this charge my battery?
Instructins do not mention it,. How to know when fully charged? Red diode is right now on. Will charger turn off automatically? Just received it.
what is the physical dimensions for the battery. Lenght, width, thickness(depth)?
Will it work for an XMods 1:16 rc car?
can i use it for spike the ultimate dino. its 1300mah
will it fit a blue thunder hover craft?
will it work on Black Series Baja Truck that currently works on 700mAh 9.6V?
I have a 90s Radio shack R/C boat called STINGER. Will this work with it?
Will this work with the Lionel Hershey's train set
Is the playset stained/waterproofed?
Are the swings sturdy/tall enough for Mom and Dad to swing with?
What are the dimensions of the footprint?
Is the wood included? If not what wood is needed?
Do the swings come with it, or do we have to buy them seperately? Where can the other slide attach?
2 questions. 1. Can I order now for a delivery between Nov. 22-Nov 27? 2. Does someone have to be there to receive it or can it be unpacked &amp; left?
Who delivers the set? Do they take it off the truck?
what are the dimensions
size wheels
My sons back wheel fell off and is missing a bolt the pin that goes through the wheel is short so a bolt must go through.where do I find a replacement
Why is the red one $80 and the white one $432?
How wide are the handlebars?
Will it ship to france?
Good from ages what and up and what is weight limit?
what size wheel
how tall is it from the wheels to the bars?
I have a defective scooter and emails keep coming back from the manufacturer. Help please!!
I need to replace the wheels, they are going flat. What size wheel do I buy
I have two sons 8 and 6 They bring they razor scooters to skatepark all of the time &amp; I keep fixing them. Would this be a good for their ages ?
is it esay to find parts
Why is the red one $80 and the white one $432?
How wide are the handlebars?
Will it ship to france?
Good from ages what and up and what is weight limit?
what size wheel
how tall is it from the wheels to the bars?
I have a defective scooter and emails keep coming back from the manufacturer. Help please!!
I need to replace the wheels, they are going flat. What size wheel do I buy
I have two sons 8 and 6 They bring they razor scooters to skatepark all of the time &amp; I keep fixing them. Would this be a good for their ages ?
is it esay to find parts
Does this unit need to be staked to the ground or weighted down in order not to tip over?
Can this be used indoors?
I'm thinking of purchasing this for my very tall 3 and 5 year old boys (they are more the size of a 5 and 7 year old) but I worry that it is too small and they will outgrow it rather quickly. What ages (sizes) would you say this is appropriate for?
We are looking at this for our backyard BUT our backyard is not entirely flat? Would this be ok ok a slight slope?
Can the equipment be locked so it only spins without the seesaw motion?
What is the length? How much space is needed for it to spin safely?
can this teeter totter be used inside the house or in a garage on sement floor?
it looks like it would be unstable and tip because of the small base. Is it?
How well will this hold up to outdoor elements and sprinklers? Being in the grass this is a concern.
can you purchase just the seats and the back support I have the trotter totter but it needs new seats
is there a skull in the pandorica cybermans head?
How tall are the cybermen
What version of the Cyberman are these (Lumic-version or alien-version)?
does the pandorica cybermans head open?
How tall are these figures?
Is this keyboard a MIDI Keyboard? in other words does it have an audio output or a USB output?
Can you plug headphones into this keyboard?
does this keyboard has one or two speakers? does it have 61 or 54 keys?
what batteries does it use?
Does it have an AC adaptor? Does the music holder detach easily?
How heavy is the keyboard?
what size is this keyboard?
Do you unplug your keyboard each time you use it as the manual says you should do? Seems like that would wear out the adapter plug.
Does this keyboard have it's own individual serial number?
Are the height of the keys filled in like real piano keys? Does the piano sound reflect how are and soft you play the keys?
Does any one can tell me is the doll have a boy part correct? I'm being looking one for my daughter.
Do the arms and legs move or is the pose stationary?
I know this doll is small. But can it fit in a baby doll carrier, I. E. the ergo?
Is it posable?
Is she hard or soft vinyl? I realize there is no cloth part but the 18 in doll is soft vinyl and I want to know if this one is similar.
Do they take real pacifiers
Do the eyes of this doll close when you lay her down?
dose it have hair
can you feeed ot milk
Can this doll go in the bath? I want somethig for my 20 month old daughter that she can play mommy to when I bring home her new brother or sister.
What age is this suitable for? Looking for a doll for my granddaughter that is only 7 months old. Want to make sure no small parts come off
Can you move the arms and legs or put the baby in a different position, ie., sit it up?
do I dare order it with the chance of getting an ugly baby
I am a Licensed Massage Therapist and I need a life like doll to do Infant Massage demonstrations for new parents. Would this make a good model?
Is the body of the doll cloth or vinyl? Does she have eyelashes? Do the eyes close?
DOES THIS DOLL HAVE HAIR?
is it worth getting for the amount of money
Is this doll can sit up?
Are the vinyl parts hard to the touch like plastic dolls or are they squishy?
can u put your finger in her mouth and move it up
can u put a bottle or pacifier in her mouth
how much does it weigh?
has anyone tried these batteries in either the Syma 108 or 109G helis as far as fit?
Can you connect two batteries to have 480Mah ?
What are the approximate dimensions? (Dimensions shown make no sense).
How long does it take to charge by USB?
WIll this battery auto shut off when charging with the USB cable? I don't want my house to burn down from an exploding battery.
I purchased the Syma S107G RC helicopter with this battery upgrade. Will they come in the seperate packages or in the same box?
i need a new battery for my mp3 player and this one seems to fit in all respects except i read somewhere that it only lasts about 4 mins in a remote c
does it fit the S102 ? I see my S102 Huey that has a bigger space to fit a slightly bigger battery.
What are the actual battery dimensions? I assume that the listed dimensions are including the packaging?
Is this doll circumsized or is the foreskin intact?
Do the arms and legs move?
what does he weigh?
do it come with extra things like bottles and other things
Is the vinyl scented
Does it come with a hospital bracelet?
Can he take a baby pacifier?
Is this doll intact?
i would like to know if can take the head of to re root hair
how does the skin looks/feels. plastic, rubbery, soft?
ok for a 18 month old??
Where is this product manufactured? USA? or...? If other than the USA, can you suggest a Melissa and Doug toy that is made in USA? Thank you.
Are the magnets that are attached to the strings small enough to be choking hazards? How big are they?
what is the age appropriate range?
Are they waterproof?
If buying these in the 2 pack bundle, do they come infdividually wrapped? Just wondering if I could give each puzzle as a gift?
church
Are the magnets enclosed or exposed?
What is the chassis made of?
What is the chassis made of?
Is the volcano s-30 truck made out of good materials?
does the truck have to broke in and if so how?
does the starter kit come with a glow lug
will the redcat racing volcano s30 truck use regular gas at a gas station.
this thing is made in murica??
what comes in the box?
comes with remote control? comes ready to use, you only need the starter kit?
new to these things and im getting one for my son for christmas and i am not sure if this particular one requirews a starter kit??
is the "starter kit" just batteries?
how many mph the car reaches?
does this have reverse
is this a two speed trans mishon
Does the starter kit come with nitro? If not what percentage do you need?
Is there a spark plug?
the chassis is aluminum?
what comes in the box?
comes with remote control? comes ready to use, you only need the starter kit?
remote control: does this one come with remotr control?
What is the proper nitro fuel mix that should be used 15%, 20% or 30%? I don't want to void the warranty...
I bought this and the nitro R/C starter kit. Will I need anything else (filter oil, etc) for him to be able to use the car on Christmas morning?
Does the starter kit come with nitro? If not what percentage do you need?
is this really safe?
Does any one know how loud these nitro engines are just what to get an idea of what to expect?
I would like to get 2, can I change the remote control frequency? So my children could race each other.
What kind of glow plug is reccomended for this car?
How long will a full nitro tank last?
do you need a extra glow plug after you do the brake in and how long do the glow plugs last for and do you have to have the starter kit
four way wench does not fit for glow plug.heat sink to small any alternatives?
whats in the box
do I need to buy a a battery charger
What kind of fuel should I buy for this model? I want to buy this truck as a present for my husband. What other stuff do I need for full set?
What size are the balloons included? Are they 5" 'cause they look really small.
My pump is not working. What can be wrong on it?
Does this pump have a nozzle that you can make it mist or spray with? My friend had one that does but this doesn't say if it does or not.
itzapump vs pumponator
Can this be used in outdoor play
Do they have sticky things to hang by?
Having an outdoor party will it work for it?
Can this be used in a bedroom
Can this be used in a bedroom
Can this be used in a school classroom
Can this be used in a school classroom
Can this be used in a game room
Can this be used in a playroom
Can this be used in church
Can this be a bedroom decoration
Can this be used in a game room
Can this be used in ign office
Can this be used in a school classroom
Can this be used in a garage
Is this a game room decoration
can this be used for grand opening ribbon cutting
Can this be a chrismas decoration
Can this be used in church
Can this be used as bedroom decoration
Can this be used in a garage
Can this be used in a game room
Can this be used In a school classroom
Want to use this for a necklace. Can the nylon cord be taken out and replaced with longer cord?
For one dozen as would be paid in Expedited Shipping and Priority Shipping.
DO CUSTOMERS GET TO CHOOSE A COLOR
Do these actually work as a compass or is it just a toy?
does it have good stamina
When does it usually deliver
dose it have six parts
does it come with a launcher?
does it have good attack
is it attack tipe
Is it electric for the air hockey
Tote bag? Does this come the tote bag?
Has anybody found the best way to clean the balls?
Can we special order a specific color?
Would it be possible to buy just a few (@4-6) balls? My dog loves to play with them. Thanks!
How many bags would you need to fill a small blow up pool?
are these dishwasher safe has anyone tried?
Do these contain BPA?
how durable are they if my puppy gets a hold of them out of the ball pit. She chews and destroys so much i'm afraid she'd choke
do the favor bags come in the pack?
Have a monster high shoe for people
What items are in this mega value favor pack?
What is the weight limit or age appropriateness??
are the size of the wheels the same as on the plasma?
what are the dimensions
Can it move by kids shuffling along w/feet or only w/steering wheel? Looking for a sturdy, stable riding toy for 1yr old who wants to be with sibs.
Does this ride well on the street? (cul de sac)
what is the most weight this can hold
How to get car out of box
Does it Drift?
Does it drift?
what batteries are required?
dose it have a detailed interior?
does this car really does have all wheel independent suspention
does it go fast?
is it rechargeable or does it require batteries
What MHz frequency is this rc car
is this copter good for outdoor flying
where can i purchase a replacment charger for s033g?
if i take the thin black antena wire and add a thicker wire will i get my hight i want like 50m or 60m with out a drop out in the sky
are their more powerfull batterys that can be used on it or that may last longer?
does this copter come with the 11.1 volt battery or the 7.4 thanks
I have bought 3 of these I cannot get any of them to charge. Is there anything special I need to do to get them to charge new out of the box
What is the difference between this one and a KIDZ SO33g helicopter.. My grandson saw the KIDZ one but the place he saw it is out of stock
can I install a stronger motor?
I see people talking about a 11.1V version and a 7.4V version. Did they just use a different battery? Are the motors different between the two versions? Why can't I find a 11.1V S033G? Were there problems with the 11.1V of motors burning out so they...
How long will the battery last? How far did you get in range on height and distance?
Is this pool free of PVC, BPA, phthalates and any other harmful substances?
Is this small enough to fit in a standard bathtub?
What is the diameter of the pool?
can this be used as a ball pool playground for baby? And also can a 6mos old fit inside with a float?
Do the dolphin and clear toy ring inflate separately from the pool?
Do the rings come off the arch?
What is the length, width, and arm length of this smock?
Does this pull over the head or does it slip on like a shirt?
What is the material that this smock is made of?
is this smock waterproof
Want to purchase this for an 8 yr old who weighs 55 lbs. Do you think it wld fit? She's very skinny.
Does this globe contain South Sudan? My son will want one that is up to date. Thanks!
Please give specifics for the bulb-- style--base- max-watts One person says very difficult to find -- on person gives no existent link.
what is the base, metal, plastic?
can you hide the wire or not?
Does the globe actually turn or rotate as anticipated?
Does anyone know what size bulb the globe requires and where to purchase it. If you not sure, please don't respond. Thanks
Is the 'line' formed at the Equator (as the top and bottom of the globe are jointed together) fairly visible when the globe is lit? Looks dark on pic.
What is the overall height of the globe, including base? I want to know if it will fit within my 16" shelves.
Why can't you ship to APO? There is no aditional cost... I really want this for my son
Does the golbe have raised mountains and urrents
A reviewer said this does not rotate, but the description says it does.
Do you ship to Ireland?
Is this in stock if I order today? When will it ship? Thank you
I am debating between this "tripod" style digger and one mounted on wheels. Is this easy for a 4 year old to move around the yard?
I have a 5 &amp; 7 year old. I know they would enjoy this, but are the too big for it? I'm seeing mostly younger ages using this.
Is this too big for a 2 year old? Wondering if I should wait another year to make the purchase. He is fairly big for his age, and loves equipment.
We don't have a sand box, but mulch all around the swingset area, will this pick up mulch?
How much does this product weigh?
does it swivel so the child can swing around and dig in different spots without moving the base?
What are the shipping dimensions?
What is the weight limit?
Is there any kind of pump other than compressor or electric pump?
can 2 people go inside at the same time?
Did you use this outdoors? If so, did sticker burrs, sticks, etc. pop the ball?
I am 5' 5" and about 110 pounds. How well will the ball hold up
is this 65" deflated or inflated
What size is this when inflated? Is this 65" deflated?
how do you get in and out? like is there a little opening or what? answer asap thanks(:
Does it have handles inside for the kids to hold on to?
Does it have handles on the inside for the kids to hold on to?
does anyone know exactly how many loops are in this package? It takes 36 loops to complete one potholder. Thank you!
Why is the shipping $10.00?
Do these loops fit an 8 1/2" square loom? Thanks
Want Proloops( the large ones) in bulk quantity
My loom is 7 1/2" square. Will these work?
How many bands do you get?
Can you use these on a 10" loom
how many potholders does this package make
Why is the shipping so high? Two bags of loops $11.00. They don't weigh that much! I did order them 1 or 2 times I love them but I am done.
Are these loops for the 7" or 10" loom? The size is not stated.
is it the booster box like how many cards does it come with
how many cards?
those it come with the box
how many cards
how many packs does it have
How many card packs are there are on each side
how many packs does it come with?
is there a 1 booster pack or a lot of booster pack?
can this doll dress in regular real baby cloth as size 0-3 months or newborn CLOTH AND SHOES ? CAN I DRESS HER IN REAL BABY HAT,SHOES, CLOTHES ? ?can it stand up or lye down ? whole body is vinyl? CAN I WASH IT IN CASE IF GET DIRTY OR MESSY ? CAN I...
Any option for delivery in Brazil? I'd pay import taxes, obviously.
Can somebody send me information about shoe's size (in inch would be good too) what fits on 20 inch Adora dolls?
Do the eyes close?
hello I wonder if deliver in Brazil? it comes with the box? how long it takes?
it is real lifelike baby doll or no?
is the hair of this doll same on the picture in real one ? i need to make sure.thanks.
is this doll only can seats but can not able tp put in lye for pretent sleep or stand straight leggs at lease while hold her in hand or what ?
does this doll workout chic has open and closed eyes ? i need to know. thanks.
is this doll workout chic can wear in different cloth ? what size of real kid cloth this doll can dress ? i want to know detail this workout chic DOLL ? I AM REALLY THINK ABOUT BUY THIS DOLL BUT I AM NOT SURE OF I CAN TRUST SELLER THROUGH THE INTERNET...
can this doll dress in regular real baby cloth as size 0-3 months or newborn CLOTH AND SHOES ? CAN I DRESS HER IN REAL BABY HAT,SHOES, CLOTHES ? ?can it stand up or lye down ? whole body is vinyl? CAN I WASH IT IN CASE IF GET DIRTY OR MESSY ? CAN I...
Any option for delivery in Brazil? I'd pay import taxes, obviously.
Can somebody send me information about shoe's size (in inch would be good too) what fits on 20 inch Adora dolls?
Do the eyes close?
hello I wonder if deliver in Brazil? it comes with the box? how long it takes?
it is real lifelike baby doll or no?
is the hair of this doll same on the picture in real one ? i need to make sure.thanks.
is this doll only can seats but can not able tp put in lye for pretent sleep or stand straight leggs at lease while hold her in hand or what ?
does this doll workout chic has open and closed eyes ? i need to know. thanks.
is this doll workout chic can wear in different cloth ? what size of real kid cloth this doll can dress ? i want to know detail this workout chic DOLL ? I AM REALLY THINK ABOUT BUY THIS DOLL BUT I AM NOT SURE OF I CAN TRUST SELLER THROUGH THE INTERNET...
can this doll dress in regular real baby cloth as size 0-3 months or newborn CLOTH AND SHOES ? CAN I DRESS HER IN REAL BABY HAT,SHOES, CLOTHES ? ?can it stand up or lye down ? whole body is vinyl? CAN I WASH IT IN CASE IF GET DIRTY OR MESSY ? CAN I...
Any option for delivery in Brazil? I'd pay import taxes, obviously.
Can somebody send me information about shoe's size (in inch would be good too) what fits on 20 inch Adora dolls?
Do the eyes close?
hello I wonder if deliver in Brazil? it comes with the box? how long it takes?
it is real lifelike baby doll or no?
is the hair of this doll same on the picture in real one ? i need to make sure.thanks.
is this doll only can seats but can not able tp put in lye for pretent sleep or stand straight leggs at lease while hold her in hand or what ?
does this doll workout chic has open and closed eyes ? i need to know. thanks.
is this doll workout chic can wear in different cloth ? what size of real kid cloth this doll can dress ? i want to know detail this workout chic DOLL ? I AM REALLY THINK ABOUT BUY THIS DOLL BUT I AM NOT SURE OF I CAN TRUST SELLER THROUGH THE INTERNET...
Does it come with kite string??
How tall is this kite?
HOW DO YOU DETERMINE THE WIND SPEED?
Does this come with a carry bag?
Can get off the ground.just spins in a circle.......whats wrong?
can this be flown outside?
I've charged the copter &amp; placed new batteries in r/c unit and set to "A" no response at all from copter other than rockets firing any suggestions?
is it nice
do the lancher accutly shoot
i need six of these but different asthey will be for 6 different adults for christmas , i do not know anything about them but need advise
Does this come with a remote control or is a transponder that plugs into your iPad/iphone
Are the blades supposed to stay in relaxed position?they are foled back....first one sorry.
What is the problem when the top rotor seems to have no power and will not provide lift. It worked fine for a few minutes. Fixable or return?
what is the flying time?
Why is this better than using a bucket from a dollar store?
What is the depth/height of the footbath?
Do you ship to Australia?
Do you ship to NZ?
Does it come with an inflate pump?
Does it pop if the water is too hot?
Will this charger be compatible with an older S107 (about 4 yrs old)?
Whats the output of this charger?
Would this charger work with an Estes Madcat?
Can I cherge using any usb source as long as I have a cable that will fit the heli
Will this charger be compatible with the Extreme SS1 Indoor Helicopter?
Does this work with the 102G-3
How long does it take to charge a S107 helicopter? What is output voltage and amperage?
Does this work with the s107G ?
How do I know when the battery is fully charged? The red light comes on when I plug it in and stays on.
Does it come with playing rules or instructions?
ARE THERE JOKERS IN THIS SET
I want to know the weight, because I bought one before and the weight is too light
What is the color at the back of the tiles?
Are scoring sticks always included in every set? 1 review states there were no sticks included in the set they received..
Can a Rx pack be charged at the same time and on same side as a LiPo or other batt....is the Rx charge port independent of the settings menu?
Will this unit fully charge a 25C 7.4V 2S 2-Cell 7600mAh Lipo Batt?
Will this charge the ionic q500 batteries (3 cell 5400 mah). Do I need anything else to charge them (extra cable, balance board, etc)?
Can you charge Traxxas LiPo 3S 11.1V 5000mAh 25C w/iD Connectors?
does this include an ac adapter
Does this charger have a "storage" mode?
how long does it take for the battery to charge?
Does this charge Samsung LiOn 3.8V 12.16WH batteries? After charging for 90 minutes, it's finished. But the phone says 52% charged when put in.
Can this charger handle 7.4V 20C 8000mah batteries?
Could you charge 2 lipo batteries at the same with this, and will this charger work with different brands of lipo batteries?
Does stick have an opening that a cord or string could be tied to?
Has anyone tried submerging these? Are they water resistant?
Is this for display or for children to play with?
The color of the uniform in the picture looks like the purple. Is it purple or black?
How tall is the figure&gt;
how tall is she?
Would this pen work for burning handwriting into a cutting board or do I need a detailer pen? OR could I get buy with on/off pen?
are the tips from a walnut hollow woodburner interchangeable with this tool?
Does this come with a fine point tip for detailing or writing on wood? They sell a "Detailer" also, I can't decide.
If used for longer periods of time does the grip get hot? It is hard to tell from the image how protective the grip is from the heat - TIA
Hi, will it leave a black pattern whenever used on leather? or does it just carve ?so that i can fill the pattern with my choice of leather paint.
Wondering if this tool has been used by anyone to create stencils in plastic? Description doesn't seem to state it can be used on Plastics.
What are the 3-4 different heating temperature for this tool? I want to use it for soldering on Electronics. I know it goes up to 950F.
can I use this to cut and seal the ends of paracord
does this come with an attachment to burn circles?
is this tool 120-240V or only 120V? thank you
Can these be converted with a 4x4 kit?
does this include a charger?
how long does the battery last
Is this 2wd or 4wd?
Is the steering/suspension compatable with a brushless motor when/if the factory installed Titan burns out?
does it fold up for easy storage?
what people and furniture comes with it purchase?
does it have a ringing doorbell?
does it fold up for easy storge?
Does the house come with the stairs?
What age is this recommended for? My daughter is 2.5 years old and has the "My First Dollhouse' right now.
Is it made in the USA?
What are the dimensions of this dollhouse when opened? I am trying to find a dollhouse with the most play space.
What size are the dolls that come with this home?
how tall and wide is this ?
What is the dimension from the floor to the bottom of the top piece that holds the dart board?
Does this electronic dart board in arcade style cabinet (free standing) come assembled? If not then how hard is it to assemble. Thanks
What color is the numbering on the bottom of the board?
Does the board keep score?
Is it regulation height (5'8" to center of bullseye)?
does the list of game include 301, 501, 701 etc?
Is this electronic dart board a regulation 15.5 inch board?
Does this unit come with a light in the upper part of the cabinet?
Does this unit come with an AC adaptor
does this board with cabinet have heckler feature
can plastic resins be used with this mold material, or just miiput and clay?
can i use this with instamorh moldable plastic or will it fuse with it?
So is this product good for making casts of action figure heads, weapons, etc; then using milliput or another sculpt to make a copy?
Can this product be used to make stamps?
How many ounces does this weigh?
Will it bond to Instamorph if I use it, to cast a head from a plastic figure? I wanted to use the INSTANT MOLD to make a plastic cast from instamorph.
how many pc. in each package?
Can this product bond to PVC?
I need to reproduce a corner off antique frame,please what would I use? Thank you
What is the typical expiration date for these? Have they been fresh? And what is the shelf life?
Did you get a variety of colors?
Are these individually wrapped?
Are these clear/white plastic with colored liquid or colored plastic with a white liquid? Trying to do a science experiment for my 5th grade class.
do they come with 25 pcs of string?
How do these compare to Cyalume Industrial Grade products? Are they as bright?
What color are the card backs? I only want to buy if the current shipping version has the orange design that matches the copy of the expansion I own.
Is this game color blind friendly?
Does it come with the little red bag to hold the cards and totem?
does it come with a rubber or wood stick?
I'd like to know if the tote of this &iacute;tem is wodden or plastic made. I don't want to mame a mistake because I want the plastic tote. Thanks!
what is the difference between this one and the other box with mrp 23.95?
where can I buy the doll shown
does the doll come with it
Bed for 18' inch doll
We love this DOLL! Does anyone know what doll this is?
Does this nightgown have a velcro opening/closure in the back? How do you put on/off this nightgown with ease, for little girls hands, thank you. :-)
ariannabrenne
Is this product for kids or adults??
How many pieces?
Are the batteries replaceable and if so what kind of batteries are used?
Has the brown box been opened?
how much and how long it can be delivered to singapore ?
Hello! Do you ship with tracking number? I noticed the item will be shipped by "standard" method, that's why my doubt.
What age is good for?
I would prefer if the tool bench wasn't in its original box when shipped as it is a gift. Are all the pieces brand new?
Will the box be packed into another box when being shipping or will it be shipped in its own box with the picture of the tool bench showing?
Is this the 6'' small one or the bigger one?
What size is the biggest beanie boo?
why do thay cost so much
Is it to give a babby
Does this pig have Blue eyes? Some pics show blue others show pink!
Hey I bought the pig and it's like 4" tall... Is that correct? Cause if it is, it's way overpriced!!! I'm going to complain...
Is the size 17inch the biggest beanie boo?
How soft is it? Is it soft enough to be used as a pillow?
How big is it?
How big is it
Is this the one that fits the LCG chassis? I have the lcg platinum slash, so was wondering if this would be for that one.
Will this work with a Stampede 4X4? Stock bellcrank broke, and I'd like to go aluminum.
are the bearing included and if whats the price of them
will this work on the e max
is this a set for r and l side or do I have to buy one more
What are the samples in the collection?
are the minerals real
About how big are the rocks?
What is the age limits? Is it ideal gift for 8-11 years children?
Would this be good for a very bright 4 year old?
Are the rocks glued down or can they be picked up and examined?
I noticed that each rock has a label. How likely are these labels to fall off and where is the corresponding chart that shows each numbered rock?
About how big are the rock samples?
how long are these wicks?
What size are the wicks?
does this set come with an action base to pose it?
does this set come with an action base to pose it?
How tall is it when completed.
This model has black or red/pink parts on his energy weapons? Or both?
does this one include model or just parts?
Can a child put a Barbie in this car?
does this run on carpet?
can it drift?
It doesn't specify in description that it is red so would like to verify that it will come in red, not other color yellow.
can this car used for barbie
can you run it on sidewalk
what size is it
How many parts come off?
This is a tip truck, does it actually tip?
What material is this truck made of?
Can I get replacements for lost parts?
is it really bothersome that one has to move the staircases to get enough for all three levels?
Do furniture and accessories (ie dishes) come with this? What exactly comes with it?
do you think this would fit 7" dolls
Does this set come with the bathroom set?
How tall is each room?
How easy or hard is this to put together?
I noticed there is a decent gap under the pictured kitchen, are your children using it for anything?
is the whole house made of wood? or just the frame? is the floor made of paper board or wood?
Does anyone know if the scale of this doll house would work for Calico Creatures?
will this be a suitable starter dollhouse for a 2yr old girl
What is the weight of this truck?
Do the doors open?
does the ladder move?
How loud is it?
Are the wheels rubber or plastic?
What are the 7 noises that the truck makes?
Can this be pushed, or does it only move with the buttons?
How do I remove the plastic piece that secured the fire truck to the box?
How do I get directions on how to operate the truck . The item was a gift with no directions.
Can the sounds and lights be turned off at night ?
How big would you say the trucks are? Fist sized? A little bigger?
Do all three come in one package or the three trucks packaged separately/individually?
Can you give me approximate size of these?
What are the dimensions of each truck? Approx length and height is all I need to know!
Are they made of plastic or metal?
How sturdy is the plastic that these are made of?
Are these BPA free?
is the halo removable
does it come sealed in the original brown mailer box?
How much would this figure shipped to Spain post code 28791?
Can you take his energy aura and display it with other DBZ figures?
how tall is the figure?
Is this the english box version or the japanese? I am trying to only get the english versions.
Does he come with the Tamashii brown shipper box?
Is he durable
does it have retracts
the airplane is ready to fly?
why is this plane cheaper than another for unexperienced people that doesn't even bring a transmitter in the package, i mean the super cub lp
How tall is this to the top of the unit?
Is the whole thing wood or plastic? I can't tell.
Is this sink removable? Are all Kidscraft sinks removable for easy cleaning?
Can anyone tell me what are the dimentions from the center back corner out to both ends??
What is the height from the floor to the counter?
Do any of the buttons actually work? My girls like things that make noise
Does the washing machine latch stay closed? Our door is always open a bit and I'm not sure whether to call customer service.
Does the microwave and oven doors open?
Is the back finished? does anyone have a picture of it? also what is the floor to counter hght? thanks!
What are the outside dimensions of the shipping box? LxWxH?
How is the learning curve? Does it require a lot of reading of the cards/rules etc during the gameplay?
who is the knight on the front cover? And does it have a miniature of itself?
Has anybody noticed any problem with grease? I just got mine, and found grease spots on the inside of the lid.
Where can I purchase a countryside replacement tile?
How many people can play at once?
Are the miniatures and maps similar in size to DnD games/tiles?
Are they planning an expansion for Mage Knight? Does anyone know if they have planned an expansion?
Will it work with something other than an apple product? I purchased one, it said it will work with blue tooth. my question is will it work with anything other than an apple product?
which iPhone does it work with?
How far is the remote distance? 20 feet? 30 feet?
can you turn on the headlights
how fast does it go
Is the battery rechargeable?
could a 4 year old work this? He's really good at Ipad games
what batteries does it need
Can I use more than 3 at the same time? Like in different channels?
What scale is it?
Does anyone know if the American Girl accessories (clothes and shoes) fit the Disney Animator Collection dolls?... Thanks!
I ordered this as a Christmas gift for my daughter, we love it, except there seems to be something wrong or defective with her hair. Is it supposed to be bald or "spotty"? We can see holes in the doll's head and the plastic skull is quite visible. I'm...
in product details it says that shipping weight is 8.5 pounds which can't be true for such a small doll. can you state the correct package weight?
Hello! Is this Rapunzel doll from the first edition?
Hello !! I need to know if you deliver this product to Argentine, and if it is possible, how much it cost ? Thanks.
The first version is correct?
The first version is correct?
is this the first edition doll? A review from 13 days ago claims that it's the second edition...
The picture has changed... is this rupunzel still apart of the first collection... the one with the plush included?
My shipping company says that the package of this item weighs 4.78 kilograms = 10 pounds. Amazon's page is showing that it weighs 2.2 pounds. true?
Is this the belle in the blue dress or the gold because now I am scared to order based on reviews!
Why are people buying this here for 49.99 when its at the disney store for 20.99?? Isnt it the same exact doll or am I wrong?
There are 2 other pictures of a different Belle, I want to make sure that this is the one with the blue dress.
I ordered this and it came in the GOLD dress. I returned that item. DO YOU HAVE THE DOLL IN THE BLUE DRESS???
Has anyone tried setting this indoors, and if so, how loud is the fan? Is it loud as a lawnmower, vacuum cleaner, or hair dryer? thanks!
Do you need sandbags to set this up indoors? if so, how many would one need? thanks!
How much weight does it hold?
Why didn't I buy this doll red cloak? But you are on the picture?
anyone else who purchased it since Feb. 2014 ? I wnat to know that is 2011 version.
is this good for a toddler girl ???
I am seeking the snow white like this picture(earlier version). Is this the earlier version?
does the microphone detach?
can this set record???
What age group is this appropriate for?
I have tried 3 different sets of batteries for this product and can't get it to turn on, can you help me troubleshoot?
What are the dimensions when finished? I can't find it.
I understand cardboard puzzles fade when exposed to the sunlight for a long time. I'd just like to confirm that this won't fade exposed under the sun?
How do you guys hang it? Or frame it? I just finished but don't know what to do next.... Thanks!!
Hi is this the one that is translucent? Do you ship to Singapore?
Can you confirm this is an actual 1000 piece puzzle? I recently ordered a 500 piece puzzle from Japan and received one that was only 108 pieces...
Hi there, is the glue included together with the puzzle? also, do you sell the frame for it with a transparent backing? thanks!
Hi thanks for the prompt reply. However during the checkout, it says it doesn't ship to my address (Singapore). I can't check out.
Is this the version where the puzzles are made of crystal (transparent, translucent plastic) material?
Does this doll comes with any fragrance? Are her vinyl soft?
how far up the arm and leg does the vinyl go? We're looking for mostly plastic arms and legs.
Does the doll suck her thumb?
Do the eyes open and close on this doll?
Is there a button to push to turn the lights/sounds on or is there just and on/off switch?
how large is it?
does the door open?
can this truck roll without pushing anyn buttons
does it pump water
What are the noises? Just sirens or is there a fireman talking?
is this fire truck metal
Is this truck plastic
Does the ladder move up and down and swivel side to side?
Is this toy plastic or metal?
Does it have a radio on it?.........Can you plug it in the wall?
Does this come with a microphone?
Can i hook my iPhone/iPad to it?
How large is the board when it is opened up?
Can I apply a large custom-printed decal to this surface?
How big in inches when opened up?
Can you paint on it?
Is it easily erasable?
Do the blank board game come with the boxes?
What is the size of the board? Is it a square or a rectangle?
Is it square - I mean really, and knowing the size is pretty critical right?
does it also purr
How big was the cat? The summary says 10 inches however the product details says 4X4X1, 4 inches only?
The description states this toy uses "three non-standard" button batteries. Does anyone know what the battery type actually is?
I have ordered 2, neither worked, pulled tab as instructed. Is there something else that needs to be done
Is this the same melody as Music of the Night from Phantom of the Opera?
Exactly what kind/size batteries are required?
does it come with a battiers
on your site you have this kitty but you say it purrs. is that the same kitty
what is the furniture included?
what age range is this product intended for?
Where is this made?
Is this dollhouse already assembled?
Where can I find dolls to fit this dollhouse? I see some dolls that are 5" but wasn't sure if they would fit well in this dollhouse.
Is the size of this doll house appropriate for barbie dolls?
What are the physical dimensions?
i want to know product size w*d*h
What is the diameter of each pea?
Does this item come with an official disney tag?
Should I purchase this?
hi, may i know can it ship to Ireland?
is this 100% Official licensed Disney product?
Does the black bed cover come off the truck body?
What is this truck made of, plastic or metal?
What is the size
What are its dimensions? Length?
Does it punch or do any special things ?
Do these toys light up or make noise?
Does this actoin figure have small pieces
Are they pvc free?and lead free?
How big are these cups? And are they made out of a hard plastic material?
Does anyone know if these are BPA free?
Could you serve hot chocolate in them without using the lid?
What other colors do they come in?
It says assorted colors but the pic only has pink and purple. Are there other colors?
What colors are included in the dozen
Are these cups dishwasher safe?
Do the straws come with caps/covers and are the caps removable?
do these cups hold hot and cold beverages..ie; tea?
do these only come in purple and pink?
How easy is it to move the movable hair parts?
What scale is this figure in?
Does anyone else have a weird problem with the short bangs hair peice not fitting into place right? (along with the sad face)
How big is it?
how do you fix it if it stops working?
Does it say "PRINTED IN CHINA" all over it like the black mova globe?
Does it include the acrylic/crystal base that appears in the picture?
Its hard to see in the picture for the Satellite View Globe with Gold Lettering, but is each country labeled on this version?
What is the warranty?
What is the diameter?
Size: Hi there, Can anyone tell me what the dimensions of the table?
Are any of the wooden track pieces glued down to the table or is everything removable?
Is this made in China? Is the paint lead-free? Any issues with safety as far as the paint goes?
Is their any assembly required?
What are the dimensions of the train table? Posted dimensions not clear.
It says that it can be compatible with Thomas Trains, but does it work with the Take N Play toys. She has lots of Thomas Trains, but need a table.
How sturdy is this? I ask because the legs look very flimsy.
How do you put the table together, there are no screws or pegs
Looking for a table for boys , curious if any of you have tried using multiple trains on track and also does Thomas train and his trains fiends compat
is this compatible with thomas track master
Would anyone know if this would be compatible with Target's Circo brand tracks? They look exactly similar, but still not 100% sure.
is the set compatable with chuggington trains?
do you use a train table for this set or the floor? what do the kids prefer better? table or floor?
Will this set make a figure 8?
Is the track double sided like the Chugginton set? Our current set lets my son make it go left or right depending on his imagination.
How many of the "vehicles" included are train cars?
What are the dimensions of the train set after being setup?
is the paint non toxic?? wondering about younger siblings putting this in their mouths.
Is this set compatible with Thomas Wooden Railway Millie or Stephen?
Where are Conductor Carl toys made?
Are countries delineated and named on this globe?
Sorry but there is also red lettering on the pictured globe and the reflection argument is wrong?
I would like to know why the picture you have is showing white lettering when that inaccuarately reflects the item being sold? See description!
How would I order a different platform base?
Are there different stands to choose from for this model?
The 4.5" version seems to have a shinier finish, but I want the larger 6" with that same shiny finish. Are they the same?
Hi, is the lettering for this globe white or gold? I do prefer white exactly like the picture. Please confirm. Thanks.
Hi the picture for this item seems to suggest that the lettering is in white, which is what I actually prefer instead of gold. Could you confirm?
does it really have 12 mixes plus is it good to eat?
do the pans come with mixes??
I don't have the Ultimate Easy Bake Oven Can I use in the regular easy bake oven
Can you use regular homemade recipes with this oven, or only Hasbro pre-made mixes?
Can you use these in the original easy bake oven instead of the ultimate oven?
Is it a toy?
is their a baking pan
What are the food allergy warnings on the mixes and does it apply to all the mixes?
Can it cook real cookies?
When do mixes expire
What size batteries, and how many are used in the controller/transmitter? I want to get rechargeable ones.
Are the tires already inflated, and either way do you need to periodically add air to them?
How much time does it take to charge and how much run time can you get?
what is the number/size or description of the battery if I want to purchase an extra battery
squeeler rc car... can this car to water sow and sand? or not?
Any four wheelers for 3 to 4 years old?? This &amp; some of the other products on the pagr seems to be for 1 to 2 years old.
Is this vehicle will move on carpets
Hi , is this one really suitable for one year old. I am planning to get it for the 1st birthday of my kid but not sure whether he is too young for it.
One of the reviews mentioned this power wheel doesn't turn. Is that accurate??
what is maximum weight limit; does it make any sounds?
does it have reverse?
How long does the battery last?
My son is 18 mths and a big dude. I want it to last a little but, is it big in size?
Can a 2 year old drive this one, is it to small or to big for him?
How do you charge it do you need a special charger
This says it is for a 12 month old to 36 month old. My granddaughter is only 12 months
Does this drive well on hard wood floors?
Are you able to wash the little quad if it get in a ltlle mud? Bought it second hand and it needs a lttle clean up before the grandbabies use it. Thx
Does it ride well on grass?
For what year is this toy
what is the weight limit
what are the dimensions for Princess lil quad. the dimensions in the ad say 27x26x28 is that correct?
Can this quad be modified to a 12 volt battery?
Is this the regular one, not the version sold in Toys R' US (As in Japanese instructions, No box stickers on the front from Bandai America/Bluefin)?
Is this the original, Japanese release (Samurai Sentai Shinkenger branding), or the western release (Power Rangers Samurai branding)?
What is the differebce between this one and this other one: http://www.amazon.com/Power-Rangers-S... also: Is this a legit figuarts figure?
What is the differebce between this one and this other one:
what does double dare snare use for launching the cars?
If I want to buy more, can I use any Hot Wheel car?
does this require batteries?
what are the names of the hot wheel cars?
Can other pieces of track be attached to this set?
what does double dare snare use for launching the cars?
Will this doll take a pacifier in her mouth? Thanks!
How tall
What is the size of this doll?
Does this doll suck her thumb?
does this doll truly have a vanilla scent?? thanks in advance.
The description says up to 12 inches. Can a 14 inch doll fit?
Does it fold up like an umbrella stroller?
Where is it made?
Is this stroller sturdy enough for a 1 year old, learing to walk to push?
Can a girl doll wear this too?
Are the shirt stripes blue or purple?
Does it fit the 12 inch correll doll?
are the overalls sewed to the shirt?
Will clothes made for 12 inch Corolle dolls fit a 12.5 inch Cabbage Patch Doll also?
Can this doll suck it's thumb?
does this doll come with a pacifier?
Do the dolls eyes open and close?
how long does it take to dry? I have a feeling my daughter will want to take it in the bath with her and then will want to take it to bed after
how big is this doll?
Can you use real baby preemie clothes for this doll or the doll is too small for them?
Does this doll have a white fabric body under the clothes?
Does this doll have a white fabric body under the clothes?
What does the bean bag body look like under the clothes? Is is white cotton?
do eyes open and close?
Is there a target with this set?
Does the case have a body strap for carrying?
Where to you get extra arrows
Does this work for left handed kids?
Does it need batteries
How do the arrows fly straight, if there are no "feathers" on the tail ends?
What materials are the bow and arrows made of? are they plastic or fiberglass?
Is the packaging punched or unpunched?
Hi there, do these figures come with their original white delivery box? Thanks:)
What is the height of this figure?
When was this figure actually produced?
The size - is it about 6 inches and made of plastic?
what is it made of? wood?
Are there any tactile differences, such as trunk position, between the male and female elephants?
how big it is
Where do your African animals "live"? Is there an equivalent to the barn--something like a watering hole?
I want to use this as a jumbo maylar balloon holder is this heavy enough
what size is this
Are there any tactile differences, such as trunk positions, between the male and female elephant toys?
What is this toy made of?
Is this made of plastic?
how big is the horse?
how is is this figurine?
Can this horse fit in the western riding set?
What is the size of this horse? Does it fit in the Schleich horse carrier?
How big is this doll in inches?
What size
how many phrases does she say in Spanish?
Does she come in a box?
Hi....what is the weight of this toy.....need to place it on a cake? Thanks
is battery included? what type are they?
What kind of batteries are required? Are they included?
my grandson just turned one. Loves anything Mickey and my son is a fireman. Is this a good toy for a one year old?
Is it suitable for a 1 yr old?
what is the size
what is the size?
which lego set is the best for an 8 year old boy
does it break very quick because i got a chima ,and the hole thing broke after i was holding it?
can helicopter fly?
Is it adaptable to 8293 Power Functions motor set?
does this need a battery ? is it movable ?
is there a compatible motor to buy to go with it?
are these motorised
What age level is this set good for?
Are you guys serious?
How big is this set when it is put together?
what size base plate would you recommend getting for this set?
do do the shipping to MALAYSIA ?? If so how much ??
Hello, I would like to know if you can this lego to Brazil as a gift. Thank you.
What age level is this set good for?
what size box does it come ?
What is the appropriate age for Lego Super Heroes The Batcave?
is batman's cape fabric?
Can this be delivered to Australia
Can it be shipped to Beijing, China ? It reads:This item ships to Beijing, China. Want it Thursday, Dec. 4?
Is this appropriate for a 5 year old?
How can the wings go up and down
how many moving part are there?
Lego USC
is it tof
Is this the ship from the original episode that Luke flies to take down the Death Star?
Hi, can i check with you how did the packaging arrive? Was the kit packed inside an Amazon box and was it much bigger than the actual lego box size? T
Can it be shipped to Beijing, China ? It reads:This item ships to Beijing, China. But it seems No available for china from Shipping item.
ages
My grandson is turning 5 - what are the best type of legos for him?
Age range for Lego City Dirt Bike Transporter 4433?
How many pieces in a carton
Is the Lego bricks and more pink compatible with lego friends kits?
age limit?
how many pieces?
Leggo blocks come in two different sizes. Which ones are in this box?
with this set.. you can only build what is pictured on the outside box, right?
what is the weight of this package
How many pieces are in this set?
What are the dimensions of the pink storage box?
How many pieces in this set?
Can you build everything at once shown on the box (house, car, trees, snack table)?
Does the superman have a dual sided face?
how many pieces are in this set?
Does the robot have to be built from pieces or is it pre-assembled? Thx.
is this easy to build
Is this suitable for a 4 yr old?
What reading level are these books? I see the age range, but any idea what (A-Z) level they are?
What age is this recommended for?
does it come with a plate to assemble it on
Is this the same scale as Lego City? Is it the same level of diffficulty as Lego City?
Do you ship this item to Egypt?
Would a 4 year enjoy this toy
what age group
hi, if I buy 2, 3, 4...etc different legos, can you pack all of them together in one big pack?and what would be the shipping price to United Kingdom?
What is the finished size?
how many pieces and what each?
age 8 ok?
ARE THE BOOTS INCLUDED
Can I be sure that boots will come with this?
Will this outfit fit Target's Our Generation dolls?
Does this doll have a soft body?
Does anyone know what size clothes fit this doll? other then the outfit that came with it.
Do her eyes close when you lay her down?
Are the arms/hands &amp; feet/legs all the same material? Or do you have to keep long sleeves/pants on her to hide the transition?
Do her eyes open anc close?
Do you know what size of clothing this doll wears?
Can you put clothing on this doll or are its legs permanently crossed or glued this way? Does the Middleton pacifier work with this doll?
Is her body weighted to feel reaistic. Looking at the Amazon choices and I cannot decide which one! Help!
is her body cloth
Can this baby suck her thumb or a pacifier?
Does this doll's eyes open and close?
Are the arms vinyl all the way to the shoulders and are the legs vinyl all the way up so they can wear onesies?
Do you ship to FPO/AE addresses?
With a little modification, would it be possible to fit a regular 12volt battery from a car into the battery compartment or is the space too small?
I'm looking at a used one but it doesn't have a battery so I won't be able to see it running before I decide to buy it. Any tips what to look for?
I'm thinking about getting this for my 2 year old for his birthday. Do you think this would be to hard for him to handle?
Do you know the clearance from the ground?
how do you get to the battery to charge it?
how do you attach the bed to the back of the gator
I would like to know if a 6 year old child is too big for the Gator; and what is the weight capacity?
How old should the child be
how man wood projectiles are in the package photo shows 3 in package but then other photo on desk shows 9 wood projectiles
Is everything needed for assembly included in the package, or do you have to have some of your own supplies to put it together?
Any good replacement or alternative projectiles?
can you aim
Is this too young for a 16 yr. old?
How far can it shoot
Do you guys give instructions with the package?
i need brown eyes ?
There seems to be conflicting opinions....do the eyes close on this baby?
Does this doll's eyes close or are they permanently open?
Do her eyes close and does she have a full head of hair?
Are the eyelashes painted? What does her face look like without her thumb in her mouth?
How much of the arms and legs are vinyl? Also, is there a "hip joint" that allows the legs to move and for the doll to maintain a sitting position
Do you know if a Lee Middleton Pacifier works in this doll's mouth? And what size clothing fits this doll?
Can you put clothing on this doll or are her legs permanently crossed or glued like in picture?
does this include a pacifier?
People have commented on an odor in some of the reviews on this doll . . . is it the new vinyl smell? or are these dolls scented with fragrance?
how big ?
Do you have this item, Ty the clip-ping, I see it is available with other seller but I want to buy this Large Pid and the Clip-pig from you. Product link: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B007...
is this the pig that is the size of a basketball?
How big is the large?
How do I check the voltage my tester doesn't plug into this bat.? What do I need to get for testing in the field?
where can i buy a new charger at ,i miss place the one that came with the plane
CAN THEY BE OVER CHARGED
How do they charge. What does it plug into?
Does it have wire leads with a connector or is it exactly as in the photo?
Will it work for my micro Cessna?
What is the piece of rubber and double sticky tape that came in the package used for?
how many times can it be charged?
Started with s107 in dec then flew cheap 4C then blade mcx to slow moved to v911 fly 4 of them is this heli to much for me?
Been flying the 120 SR, is this something I should be looking at as a step up?
How much space do you need to fly this heli?
include transmitter ?
Can I fly this with my blade cx2 transmitter as I do my blade SR? Thanks
will the blade msr x rtf bind with a Spektrum Dx6i transmitter
does it come with transmitter?
Will the Spektrum radio work with this?
Is this heli fixed or collective pitch? 4 or 6 channel?
What is included? batteries? How many? Charger?Transmitter?
Will these fit a "traxxas slash 2wd"?
are they glued with foam inside thx (=
how many do you get for29.68
will these fit on 4 wheels on 1/10 slash 2WD ?
Will these fit regular Slash 4x4? Front and Rear?
Has anybody used these tires on a 2wd Slash?
I have a 2WD Stampede. Will this tire fit the rear?
Will these fit losi ten scte 4x4
Will this fit a Tmaxx 3.3?
will this fit a traxxas Telluride without making any mods?
what is the size of the carriage in inches. how long, tall and wide is it?
is this line the same size as the Imaginext toys?
hello, Send in France? is how are the costs?
what is the little "slide" in the middle?
What is the max weight??
how deep is the pool?
Is the top ope or covered?
This bounce house come with a blower?
I had a party for my kids and afterwards the bounce house didn't seem as firm as before but I don't see any tears. Any suggestions??
how many kids can jump and how much weigh is it rated for
where is the slide? is the entrance considered to be the slide?
Bought this bouncer and noticed a few tiny holes in a straight line along the slide. Are these holes suppose to be there?
Bought this bouncer and noticed some tiny holes in a straight line along the slide. Are these holes suppose to be there?
Would this be good for 3 children age 12-14
hi is this item a commercial bounce house yes or no ?
Please let me know the size of the purchase. I mean, I want to know the dimensions of the article without being armed.
Is there a cover on this bouce house?
Please can you tell me the dimensions of the packaging? I require long x width x height; I need to calculate the cost of tranport outside the country
Please can you tell me the dimensions of the packaging? I need to calculate the cost of tranport outside the country
Please can you tell me the dimensions of the packaging?
how big is bounce area? and how high are walls when inside bounce house
What is the max weight for this? I've seen 2 different #'s.
Hello would like to know how many feet is the packaging?
What is the weight limit on this bounce house?
any warranty?
When using this product outside will I still have to plug the blower in?
Do the arms and legs move?
Does the hair fall out or get matted easily?
is it a girl or boy
Is all it vinyl ?
How many packs do you get
how much bosster packs are there
Do you get the whole box of mash up cards please tell how many you get
how many packs are in the moshi monsters pack
why is the box big if thier is 1 pack
How much: How many packs cost $5.94?
do you get the whole box
Can additional matchbox track be attached to this Hot Wheels T-Rex Takedown Playset?
is this good for a 3 year old
I read it only comes with one car. Does it use standard hot wheel cars or is it a special kind that I need to go run and get before Santa comes?
the track has sounds?
can you ship to Thailand and how much would it cost me? Thank you
How many colors do they come in ?
Do the wheels roll so you can actually push the vehicle around the house with Barbies???
do the dolls come with the car
Can four dolls fit in the car? Two in front, two in back?
I have a question about Disney Princess Collection 7-Doll Gift Set. Are the princesses dresses cloth or plastic.
Pls let me know how tall the Disney princess doll set of 7 are ?
Are the dresses removable and if so will the dolls fit in the Magiclip dresses?
how high is doll??
do you think this would be a good transition toy for a child that plays with little people disney princess?
how tall are these figures
can this funiture fit barbie doll house
The baby that comes with the door house and the baby that come with the everything for baby set will they fit in the nursery beds?
Do you know if the baby from the My First Doll House set will fit in the cribs?
does this come with the twin dolls?
Is this 12:1 scale? I have seen figures that look better and cheaper that I would like to purchase for this.
Can you please change the price back to the original? I meant to order last night but was unable to.
what is the child age limit for this
does it comes with spanish?? viene en idioma espa&ntilde;ol?
Hi, sorry for the question, this tablet has the option to set the language? the Spanish language be included?
IS THIS AGE APPROPRIATE FOR A 2 YR OLD
Someone said the press button is too hard for children to press and even adult was experience almost the same . Any comments ? plz advice .
Does the product goo for 7yrs old boy ? &amp; how many different games can be found on it .
Does the screen big enough for playing games ?
LA Fisher-Price Fun-2-Learn Tablet inteligente por Fisher-Price VIENE EL MENU EN ESPA&Ntilde;OL ES PARA VENEZUELA?
I need something for my 8 years boy
How many inches it has this tablet
BPA/PVC free?
Does this toy light up?
what age group appropriate for?
Someone said it lights up with the music. What music? Instrumental, or vocal singing? It's hard to understand what this does from description given, except from the answers to questions/thanks!
This toy comes with sound in Spanish?
What size and how many batteries
6m-3yo is a pretty big range! Do you think my 1 year old (just turned one last week) would like this or is it mainly for younger babies? Thanks!
Does the remote have an on/off button?
Are the buttons rubber-y or plastic?
does it have a trilingual feature?
You can change to another language in English to Spanish for example?
How can I program the phone # in? Our manual got thrown out.
the smart phone is bilingual, Spanish is configurable? I'm buying for latinamerica (Venezuela)
How many vehicles are included with the garage?
How many vehicles are included with the garage?
Size
Is any one knows if this garage can be connected to another set?
What other sets connect to this?
What are the demensions of this table?
Is the track that comes with the table compatible with the Thomas the train wooden track?
Hi! I'm looking into buying this for my son- Does it come with the bins for storage underneath? Is the top reversible from train setting to blank?
what are the dimensions
Is the train set compatible with the Thomas wooden railway sets and trains? Thanks!
Is this makeup water based?
can it be used on styling doll heads
Is this made in China? I'm afraid of it containing lead.
Barbie make-up kit: Can this make-up kit be used on the Barbie styling heads?
WOULD THIS PROJECT BE GOOD FOR A 10 YEAR OLD? does it come with a diaper bag?
What are the product dimensions of the item when it arrives? Meaning, what are the dimensions of the box it comes in? I need to know how much room it
Is this stroller good for a7 yr. Old
Does this stroller fold up?
What size dolls can this fit up to? My daughter is receiving a reborn doll that is 22" for Christmas, will he fit?
How big is this stroller when assembled? Will it take up a lot of room in my house (compared to the standard toy umbrella strollers when opened)? TY!
Can the stroller be collapsed? If so, is it easy for a 5 year old.
would this be a good gift for my daughter, for her second birthday?
is he anatomically correct and are his legs and arms vinyl clear to the body?
Does he have blond or brown hair? When I add it to the cart, the blond hair turns into brown. Which is the correct? The photo or the description?
Does it has cloth body?
Is the hair sewn only on the top or on the sides too?
Remote Barbie Car: Does a Barbie fit in this vehicle?
Does the Barbie doll sit in the car or is it too small for Barbie?
Is the car red like shown or what color is it?
What are the car's dimensions? Is it big enough to put a Barbie behind the wheel?
how long is it?
How do you trim it out when it wants do go backwards. I tried to but 2 grams of clay in the nose but it still doesn't work. Also my 9100 spins around in a circle how do I correct this.
9116 double horse RC remote bad signal to helicopter light on heli beeps three times than stays on start up peelers and then signal is lost and cant get it to link back up.
HOW HARD IS IT TO FLY?
I have DH9104. Turn it on and main motor will run about 15 sec and quit.Cut off main switch and turn it back on and try again. Run about5 to 10 sec.
WHO actually makes it? There is no such company as " double horse " is there?
In the title it says 38cm which is almost 15inches. However the product details describe it as almost 30inches long. How long is it really?
does this comes with Helicopter charger?
I can not get the remote to hook up to the Helicopter
this come with remote?????
Hello. I am interested to know what are the dimensions of the box and the approximate weight. thanks
After reading the reviews it seems a lot of toddlers under two are using this slide. Does anyone have a three or four year old that is using it?
What is the size of the box this product?
Does the junior tag reader have an earphone jack?
Does this come with 1 book ?
does this has tag junior included or we need to buy seperately
Does this work in China?
You say "junior book pal", "tag junior" and "scout". Are those all the same thing?
I cannot get my scout to respond at all when placing him on the books. Is there a specific place that he needs to be to start reading? Download done
I cannot get my scout to respond at all when placing him on the books. Is there a specific place that he needs to be to start reading? Download done
What age range would you recommend for this? The manufacturer says 1-3 years but I was thinking that 3 and 4 year olds would enjoy it. Thanks
Would you buy this for a 2.5 year old or just jump to the leapfrog leap reader?
Are the train cars solid hard-wood or are they some sort of wood composite (particle board)?
Some trains that I have purchased are not heavy enough to stay on the track. Do these stay on the track when going around curves?
Will these trains work with Kidcraft wooden tracks?
Will they work with the Melissa and Doug tracks?
My grandson's mom thought these looked like a choking hazard and has put it away. Has anyone had experience with parts coming loose easily, or little ones being able to get parts off?
Is the cargo container detachable? Does it have a magnet on top?
is there lead in the paint?
we have a wooden Ikea train set for our son- would this fit it as well?
Does this work with Orbium wooded train tracks
Motored engine or hand pushed ?
Does the hoop come folded up?
I got this hoop about 8 months ago and it just crapped out on me :( is there any warranty or anything?
Is there a simple on/off button on the hoop or does it have to go through the different light settings (if there are any) before turning off?
Does this hoop kind of blink on and off so it looks like the lights are actually moving around the hoop? Or does it just light up a certain color?
You would know if the hula is detachable and comes boxed if I need to bring it to Ecuador . Thank you .
You would know if the hula is detachable and comes boxed if I need to bring it to Ecuador . Thank you .
You would know if the hula is detachable and comes boxed if I need to bring it to Ecuador . Thank you .
Why will this product not be shipped to my PO box, even after I give the address of the specific post office?
What colors come with/on the Ocho Hula Hoop you have posted? Several comments said they didn't get the ones shown?
How tall is this item?
hello, im interested in this item, in the box include valentine figure and the cloth?
Where's this item shipped from?
Do these fit with Melissa and Doug tracks? And, do they fit with Right Tracks?
what are the length of these pieces?
Hello, Will these work with IKEA trains? thank you
Works with chuggington wood set??
Do these adapters fit with IKEA Lillibo tracks?
are all the cards english
how many days for shipping.
My daughter is left-handed. Is there a way to switch the pen to the opposite side of the pad?
What is the youngest age that you think this toy to be used &amp; enjoyed?
I understand that the string is quite short hard to manuver for little hands. Do you know this to be a fact?
Is the eraser easy to slide? I've run across some that are difficult and I need my 2 year old to be able to do it by herself.
is this appropriate for 4 yr olds?
Does the pen easily detach (and get lost)?
what is the size of this item length and width ?
How do I delete something from my cart?
What is the size of the white part of the board?
What is the screen size of this travel size? I'm hoping our stencils will fit on the screen. Thanks.
What size is exactly the board (where the kids can draw) in inches?
what ages is it for?
Is this really a knock-off? The packaging is shoddy and doesn't resemble store product (or Amazon picture)
Suggestions for other air travel-friendly, interactive toys for a 2.5 year old who loves to build and manipulate?
Now that it's 2015, have recent purchases of this been the latest 2014 Deluxe Edition (NOT the 2012 Edition)?
Is this the 2012 version with the mounted board? Thanks much
Is this an English version of the game? The photo of the game contents has everything in Spanish.
Is this the 2012 reprint edition or the earlier deluxe edition? Apparently GMT fixed 3 cards, are the reprints included in this edition?
I have seen images of wooden pieces with metal insignias being used for this game. Are those included in this or did someone make those extra?
How big is the game board on this edition?
Is this the 2012 edition?
Does this damage hardwood floors?
Does it run well on grass?
Does this work well on carpet?
will it run on a base driveway?
Do you have to put it together or does it come already assembled?
does it go in reverse
what age is it appropriate for?
is there reverse o
is it to small for a six year old?
Does it backup
how do you wear the bracelets
Would this make a good gift to a 7 year old?
Does it come with any sort of manual that shows you how to make different designs?
Is the loom and gears made of really brittle plastic??
Some customers complained the loom was made of plastic that would break easy. Is it out of a brittle plastic?
Is the loom made of the very brittle plastic one customer indicated that breaks eailsely
Do you have to buy the bracelet kit to go with this or is that included?
Do you have to buy their string refills or can you just use any embroidery string?
can you use any floss with this product?
Do the bracelets all have to be made in one length? Is there a way to stop the bracelet once it reaches the perfect length?
Is this the original one since the movie was created?
what age group is this recommended for
How tall is it?
please let me know it this toy talking english thank you .........
what size is this figure and what does it say?
talking in spa&ntilde;ol....?
How tall is Woody and what is he made of?
age recommendation
Does it need batteries to shoot? Or are they optional?
can you shoot others
How can I get extra discs?
where do the 4 AA batteries go?
does it jam?
How many amo does it hold?
Can I use it without the batteries?
Can any one tell me the dimensions of the Electo Storm and how much water it holds
if this gets sumbermeged under water completly will that effect the batteries?
where to get electro storm
what is the range
how much water does it hold?
DOES THIS FIT ALL nerf guns?
does this particular clip refill work with the Super soaker switch shot blaster?
I have the Super S. Shotwave Blaster, which comes with a rectangular 10-oz water clip. Will the 20-oz. Banana Clip Refill fit the Shotwave Blaster?
Does this Banana Clip refill fit the Super Soaker Shotwave Blaster?
How does this compare to the Traxxas Velineon system? I want to upgrade my Rustler VXL.
This engine uses lipo or nimh battery?
The best motor upgrade for Rustler XL-5 versus SIdewinder SCT 3800 Combo and Velineon?
Does it come with the cooling fan?
Is this system waterproof yet?
How dose it compare to the mamba monster?
Does this work well on sidewalks and streets? The Plasma car reviews state it doesn't work well at all on these surfaces. Is this car better?
can it play on the polished wooden floor?
How do you put it together? Mine came with NO instructions and one broken seat...(I ordered two of them)
When I received this car the front left wheel was noticeably loose and wobbly so I ordered another one and same thing. Is this normal?
Is it appropriate for a 10 year old? It looks childish but I think my daughter would like it.
What is the weight limit on this
how do you find replacement wheels?
Where can I purchase a new wheel/axel/cap replacement part for one wheel that broke off on my daughter's Swivel car?
Is it possible that only certain colors have the new rubber wheels? Could you post what color was purchased and the material of the wheels?
What age kids is this right for?
What are the appropriate ages for the swivel car rolling ride on toy
Do these have the poly wheels or not? (As of December '13)? What color did you order?
Will it work on a paved parking lot?
Does the silver or yellow one have the polyurethane (rubber) wheels?
Do they work on a hardwood floor? There are inconsistent answers in the reviews.
What is the weight limit?
How do you propel his?
Is it true that it won't scratch hardwood floors? I have read mixed reviews on this matter on other sites.
Can you choose which colour you would like when you place order?
Does it work on grass? Or only pavement?
what is the weight limit ?
Can this be easily riden on gravel driveway or pasture? We live in the country and I am looking at something for my 5 year old son. Thanks!
WHat age group is this for? I have twin 4.5 year old boys. Small for their age.
how are the rear wheels driven from the pedals. Is only one rear wheel the drive wheel or is the whole axle shaft driven.
can my 8 yr old son ride this he is about 86 lbs?
How hard is this to assemble?
I'm considering this for my soon-to-be 3-yo, but am wondering if he'll be able to reach the pedals. What's the distance from seat to pedals? Thanks
Unassembled dimensions, ie. box dimensions??
send him unarmed or armed
How much weight can it hold?
is this a whole unit that comes apart to be charged or is it just 4 batteries. looks like its a square unit that can be seperated and plugged into tho
Can the same rechargeable battery kit be used for innotab and the v tech v-reader?
this batteries fit the innotab 3s?
I have had the charging system for almost a year and I cannot get the batteries to charge. Is there a length that they are supposed to last for?
Is this one compatible with the 3s system?
is this a whole item or just batteries? and does it fit right in the innotab 2?
is only the kit or batterys are included
Are all rechargable AA and AAA batteries compatable with this charger, I'd like to get 4 - 8 more batteries so there are always 4 charging.
Are these any better than any non Vtech rechargeables?
is this compatible with the innotab 2 ?
I'm confused ! Product description says 10 x 5, but reviews says it covered a whole wall........which one is it ?
What are the dimensions of this banner?
is it 10 inch by 5 inch like the description indicates? - hardly a banner if it is.
is it authentic konami merchendise
is it authentic konami merchendise
Is this card actually secret rare or is the picture just a false lure?
is it holographic
So are thes Lithium Ion Capacitors being used?
what is voltage max and capacitance in farads?
does this charge the capacitors? can you separate the capacitors from the device?
What year is this starscream?
do you add bubble wrap for shipping?
APPEAL TO CHILDREN AGE 7-8
How big is the transformer itself? The product dimension must be wrong: 27.6 x 75.2 x 120.1 inches ; 7.7 ounces
WHAT IS THE SIZE ?
Is it possible to fit a playing card into this chest?
Is it true that the gold paint flakes off the coins?
Approximately how many coins are in the chest?
What are the coins made of
is the frequency 49 or 27 i need to know
Is it fast
can it drive on grass and dirt
The remote control in the photo states the frequency is 40.685 on the green sticker. Don't think this is typical. Does anyone know the real frequency?
can I get it in silver?
Do the headlights turn on while driving?
DO YOU SHIP INTERNATIONAL ?
what frequency is it?
How fast is it?
We have had good success with ours. Unfortunately, we are moving and I can't figure out how to get all of the water out. Any ideas?
How big?
does it fill with water or an air pump
How tall is the socker bopper power bag?
Has anyone used a bike pump on this? We can't get any air into it following the directions (and pinching the valve to get past the safety).
how tall
Do you have to use the special bopper gloves to hit it or can you hit with bare fists?
i believe it has slow leak after one day of use, how can i patch it, can i use a bicyle patch , also i used sand to fill the bottom instead of using water, was this wrong
I just found out that sand is not provided for this scoker bopper power bag, can someone please let me know if they have used sand to fill this item before and how much was required , and im thinking i will need a funnel , perhaps from home depot
is the sand provided with the socker bopper power bag and do we also need to add water
does it have to connect to a device or is it a stand alone toy
Can the mic unplug and connect to another device, like boombox?
Does the microphone come off the stand?
Does it need batteries?
Does it need batteries?
Can you sing on your own or is it just a sing a long?
Hi, can you please let me know if the activation button on Aurora's hand is just a silver dot or is there supposed to be a plastic thing to press in h
Is your aurora doll the same one shown or the later 2012 model with the shorter wavy hair?
The batteries that came with the doll are dead. I put in 303/357's and they don't work either. Do you know the exact batteries for the doll?
the dolls batteries are dead as expected..what type do i need to get her to sing..
How tall are each of these guys?
How big are these?
are they machine-washable ?
How big are the toys?
how tall are they?
Do their legs bend to where they can sit?
What are the sizes of the toys?
Do these eggs have a hole on either the top or bottom?
what is the exact size of the egg?
Are all 100 hundred going to be a single color?
What are the size of these eggs?
In ref. to the sound control singing bird, I would like to order about 25 of them, is there reduced shipping/what would it be?
How does one turn it off?
does this toy bird come with a stand ? if not where do i get a stand for it?
what kind of batteries the bird toy needs
Does this item get mold on the inside?
How do you change the battery?
it has a celsius function ?
Is this BPA free?
Does anyone know the weight limit for one person? Can an adult get on this too?
Do you have to have it hooked up to the water continuously or do you just fill it up as needed?
Hello does this come with a tarp or will I need to purchase one? (also what size tarp would I need. Also has anyone had any rips or holes at all?
Caitlin I was wondering if your slide held up for a second season of summer? I too want to get this while my husband is gone.
Does it need electricity to operate?
Can this slide be used without water?
can this slide be used without water?
how tall is the water slide on this?
What voltage is needed by the pump? I want to take the unit to the UK and want to know is the PSU is 110v or 110 to 240v?
How tall and how wide is this rack
How many outfits can hang on this rack?
Is it made from real wood?
Where can I purchase the hooks for wooden hangers that I had made?
Is there a matching bed?
How tall and long is this? What is it made out of?
How tall and how wide is this rack
Is the landing part of the slide cushioned? Is it safe to use the slide indoor?
How long does it take to dry it so that you don't put it away wet (to avoid mold)
How deep is the pool part?
has anyone purchased this item with their Amazon Prime? it says shipping would be 3-5 days. Is this correct? Need it by next weekend. Thank you
Can somebody tell me what type of extension cord is needed for this product and where to buy?
Does it come with a blower?
How high/tall is the slide?
Does it work with the newer orange stryfe?
will it fit on the Nerf CS-18 N-Strike Elite Rapidstrike
Will the drum fit with the N-strike elite retaliate?
why does it only show 9 bullets
Would this drum work with the NERF Zombie Strike SlingFire Blaster?
How many rounds can you hold in the drum?
does it work with a N-Strike Maverick?
Is this compatible with the N-Strike Elite Darts? No issues with jamming or anything similar to that?
Why such high price for a drum and 18 darts when not even that big of a set. that all I have to say in kindness.
Does this work with the elite bullets and also with the elite guns?
Are these the die cast metal cars...what is the size of the individual card
I find vichle for Fisher-Price Disney/Pixar Cars 2 Spiral Speedway Grand Prix . I'd like to know this car pack can run the speedway I have
what is the actual size of the cars
will these cars work with an older spiral speedway?
Can these be used safely as water toys?
How big are they in inches
What size are these?
How do the parts on the deluxe versus mix and match, how do they light up in the chest.
Is this 100% pure nitro methane?
how much horsepower does it increase?
what percentage nitro?
Is the ring pliable or very rigid?
could this be used indoors to catch a small bird
I'm looking for a net for my kids, ages 6 and 7, to catch crawdads with. Would this net work for that? Thx!
how long in the handle?
I am having immense difficulty extending this thing, it shows on that blue collar to twist one way but it doesn't move, am I doing something wrong?
how heavy is this insect net?
Anyone know if it can be SAFELY used for small birds that enter your house?
Does it include stand?
Does the individual toy figure detachable from the stand?
do you receive all the figurines pictured? or just random few?
Does anyone have a yoshi,and princess peach?
Are they solid or hollow?
this may be an odd question but i'm trying to find figures to turn into ornaments. is the plastic soft enough to poke a hole in?
Do these come off of the black stand individually to be played with? My son is 7 and will want to play with them, not just look at them.
Does it come in the original packaging?
I'm doing a super Mario theme aquarium/ fish tank. Would the color and plastic hold up in a 55 gal tank?? It's fresh water not salt water.
I need a charger for this truck. How do I get one?
I need a charger and cannot get ahold of the anyone at Redman. I have called countless times, emailed countless times. HELP!!
Can you attach an item such as a small toy car to this to tow while the child is riding?
whats the age group on the mater
HI, would you ship this item to Ireland ? the freight cost is not an issue
Do you have a charger that comes with this truck. If not, where can I get one?
is this car big enough for a soon to be 4 year old in January?
what ages are appropriate for this ride on?
Is this wood or plastic? What are the dimensions?
what size is the piano?
can a 4 year old learn to play on it ?
does this piano make regular piano sounds or a ting ting ting sound?
Do you ship to Canada?
Is this big enough for two girls to play with? I am debating between this and the slighter larger kidcraft dollhouses, but I don't have much space.
How does the size of this dollhouse compare to that of the Loving Family dollhouses? Could the LF furniture could be used in this house easily?
Is this dollhouse made of wood?
Do Barbie sized dolls fit the furniture?
What are the measurements on this dollhouse
What are the measurents on this playhouse
what comes with this dollhouse?
how big is the diameter of the hole? thanks.
does this size right for adults who don't know how to swim?
Is it made in China?
Does l-drago work on this launcher
Does this box has sticker for the 3 beys?
does prototype nemesis work on this launcher
who invented beyblades
how long will it take to come to trinidad
Would this be too simple for a bunch of 5-6 year olds? And what animals does it include?
What age is this appropriate for?
Is there a picture of a lion ?
Is the paper heavy enough to use markers?
can the pages be used for water painting?
I need the lower blades 2B does this kit contain them? Reviewers said it only has the top blades
Will the s107 parts fit on the s8 celerity?
Will this fit the Syma S107G as well?
Will the s 107 parts fit on the s36?
Are the gears in the package interchangeable with the gears in the V319??
This Beyblade is the God of destruction in Cartoon Network
is this TOMY TAKARA brand and does it include the original box ?
I want to get it, but I'm afraid it will damage my other beys, would it be safe to use with my other metal fusion beys?
dose it comes with a launcher?
does it come with a launcher
about how long can this bey spin
please can someone tell me if supertoyworld sells real beyblades or not?
I heard some people got fakes is it a high chance that i can get a fake one? i ordered from super toy world
Can someone post a picture of the box of their diablo nemmesis?
i am confused. I bought this for my son who loves beyblades and the box shows more performance tips but not in box?
Is it $6.50 for just the single horse?
Is there a way to request the sport horse?
why is the picture of the item a dog?
If I change the quantity to 2, will I get the same horse? Or will I get 2 different horses?
Do these cloths fit cabbage patch dolls?
Will these fit American Girl Bitty Babies?
will these fit the 14" corolle les classiques doll?
Will this fit a cabbage patch preemie?
Will these fit a baby Stella doll?
I am looking for doll clothes for Disney Frozen Sparkle Princess Elsa Doll. I understand she is 11.5" tall. Any suggestions?
Hi, can anyone help? I am wondering if these fit the 12 Corolle doll? THANKS!!
Will this fit the little mommy 12" doll?
would these clothes fit the Melissa&amp;Doug Ballerina doll?
Cabbage Patch Dolls ... Sorry to rehash old info .. will they fit an 11 inch or a 13 inch cabbage patch doll?
Does it work on carpet?
What type of batteries does it take?
What are the dimensions? The package shown it indicates 32 X 16.5. But in the product description I noticed it said 15 x 3x 12.
how many AAA batteries does it take?
Does it play " Hot diggety hot dog song?
This product list 4 different batteries needed. Does that mean you need all four of any of the for?
dimensions
are batteries included?
Does it play the hot dog song?
What songs does it play?
Will I need to buy the glue, paints, and brushes?
What is the age suggestion for this model
Anyone else notice how the Axles weren't included? Mine arrived without. Anyone have idea how to get parts?
can you play with it afterwards? Can you put figures in it? does it come with instructions? Does it easily break?
Is this car is completely metal or plastic?
do i have to paint it?
Will this work with a heat sink on the motor?
Has anyone used this on a slash 4x4 with the low CG chassis?
Will it on the lcg
My daughter is 4 and a half and she's slightly shorter than her friends. Would this set be small for her?
Is it possible to disassemble is once it's been assembled? I would need to travel with it
Will this doll crib fit a 15" American Doll "Bitty Baby"
does this hold an american girl bitty baby doll for sure?
Would the Baby Peach Stella Doll fit in this crib? It is supposed to be 15" tall.
there seems to be some inconsistency in the color - some images show a super bright fuscia pink, others a very very pale light pink - what is the true color?
age range
Are the states (USA) outlined and identified?
Is there any metal on the globe...base, meridian, etc.
Does this globe illuminate?
Are the provinces and territories of Canada labeled?
my granddaughter has long legs, she's tall for 4 years old. Will this ball work for her. the toy ball was too little.
I bought this product and it came with no instructions. A air pump doesn't fit to blow it or, nor does a bicycle pump. Any ideas on what to do?
Do the knobby knots hurt?
Any chance I can request a color, this is going to be for a boy as a gift.
Can I please only get pink?
How much air pressure should be in the ball? How do I know when there is enough air in it?
If I purchase 5 of these - can I get them all in the same color?
I am ordering for a boy how can I be sure that I will not get pink or purple
How do u blow this ball up?
How do you blow it up?
why is the shipping so much for a couple of pillowcases ??
What would the shipping charge be if I order 7 and send them to the same address in 95746 zip and where are they coming from (would I receive by 11/22
are the flowers and words on the pillow case?
what is the size of the pillow case?
Does the pillow case come with the design shown and is it embroidered?
Are the rickrack, flowers and words printed on the pillowcase or appliqu&eacute;s?
Is this made of 100% cotton?
Does this come with a fabric marker for the autographs?
Did you have any problems with the plastic tracks? Some suggest getting the metal track model with the metal gear box. Do the plastic work well?
do you have shipping options for Turkey too ? thanks.
does this tank go in mud or puddles etc?
how do you get it so you can play against others?
How long do you charge the battery?
For P.J. Barnes ... How did you get the Transmitter to work??
Is it gas
how many inches it it
is it controllable?
what color is the spring in the back?
how fast does it goe
are the tires rubber
That's a picture of a real KTM
can you ride it
is it a model or real?
how big is it?
Is the price($3.90 + $2.95 shipping) for each soft plush or for the whole box of 12 pieces?
I am looking for the annoying orange that just says "What's up" Can you please tell me which one this is, as I don't want all of them. Thank you
Is the price $5 for 3 or individually?
It isn't clear how many toys you get for $3.90 plus shipping. How many, please?
How many do you get for $3.90?
will a 20 inch baby doll fit in this stroller?
what is the age recommendation
Are the wheels soft, so it rolls quietly?
Does the seat change directions or move in any way?
Does this stroller accommodate an Adora 20 inch doll?
IS THE PRAM INCLUDED?
how high is this stoller
What is the weight capacity?
Is it 72.5 Long or 68 long? Both are indicated?
Is it 72.5 Long or 68 long? Both are indicated?
Will Playmobil people work with this, or do you have to use the Magformer people?
The set comes with 8 accessories. What are they?
Does it come with the idea booklet?
Can these be used with Magna-Tiles?
what does the necklace say?
What does it say in the neckless?
Is this good for a relationship present?
Where is this made and what does it say? Some say "made in China" and others say "Japan". Some say it says "I love you" others say "Hatsune Miku"
what does the words say?????
Is that miku in the picture? Before it was, but now I see NOTHING like miku.
what does it say in japinese
What does it say in the neckless?
What exactly does it say? "Best" and "Friends?"
Is this necklass for males's or female's?
does this include the starter kit PLUS the 4 animals for this price?
wuggle party pac
How big are the wuggle pets? Also, how many animals are there? It looks like 2 in the starter kit and an additional 4 animals... is this correct?
does it relly work
does it brek
is password journal pink awsome
How does putting a stuffed toy in a bag get it cleaner and more sanitary? Washing it alone without a bag seems like the best scenario to me.
Does this really make a difference as far as keeping a stuffed toy from becoming misshaped? I thought the spin speed of the washer determined that.
Follow-up to the beanbag question...is it okay to put the animal in the dryer too without ruining the beans?
Has anyone used this on an animal with a beanbag inside the stomach area? I don't want the beans getting soggy.
Has anyone used this on an animal marked as "hand wash only" How did it turn out? We have a lion with a hairy mane- I'm afraid to wash him!
How is this functionally different from a standard sweater or lingerie bag?
Is this any different than a pillowcase? My mother always used a pillowcase and now I use a zippered pillow cover. Is this same idea?
Is this for the bag, the dryer sheets, and the book?
I purchased this and tried to play with earphone. I plugged earphone into AUX out and played it. But still everyone can listen play sound.????
Is this a polyphonic or monophonic keyboard? What I mean is, can you play at least 4 notes at a time
is there a ear phone port
Are the keys weighted?
who manufactured it - where?
what kind of stand would this use?
Two questions: (a) Does this have a "one-touch playback"? (b) Does it have a "transpose" mechanism?
What are the measurements of the keys? Are they similar to a standard size piano key? Or are they smaller?
does this also work with batteries?
What are the dimensions of the chest?
Are the coins plastic or metal? How large are the coins?
ARE THE COINS METAL OR PLASTIC.?
can you put a lock on the chest?
Are the coins that come with the set plastic or something more sturdy?
is this a 3/4 size?
How do you attach the strap? Thanks!
Purchased this guitar for a 10 year-old girl. Please provide simple instructions for a new guitar player or show where to find instructions. Thx.
Does this have steel strings or nylon?
can a 4 yrea old useit
Where does the 2 decorated pieces go on the guitar??
Would you be able to ship to Australia? If so, what would be the shipping fee?
so is this like a huge legit life size statue?
Will this Item be Restocked?
Hi, Mexico is not on the list of excluded countries, but I cannot checkout with shipping to Mexico. Is the shipping available to Mexico?
Age range?
How long is the battire life on the chopper between charges
what is the difference between this and Syma 3 Channel S107/S107G Mini Indoor Co-Axial R/C Helicopter w/ Gyro (Green Color)?
what comes with helicopters?
When charging the helicopter in a computer usb port, how do you know when the heli is fully charged? Does the red light blink when fully charged?
Does this work outside
how big is the chopper
Does this come with the charger for the battery and does the same charger charge the controller
where did you get extra rotor blades
What model is best for an 8 yr old boy? Do they all come with controller? Do any models come with rechargeable batteries?
how many pieces does it have??
Is this compatible with lego bricks?
Does the boat float?
Can you buy the little men separatly?
how many peices
is it ok for 8 year old
Repeat question! Are they compatible with legos small line or the duplo (larger) line? If so which?
number of pieces
does this come with the box?..The other sets i have seen run atleast $60 or more and this is only $30..Is there something wrong with it?
Can this be used outdoors?
does this heli come w/upgraded battery (220 mAh)?
does it come with the remote?
Can I fly one with a friend ? Do they have the option to select different channels?
Why when we try to take off it would not go up
Our Syma S107G is new and the signal keeps cutting out. Anyone know what is wrong?
is the recharger included?
Every time i fly this helicopter, it spins out of control, and i just replaced the old wings with new ones. What is wrong?
What age child can operate the helicopter?
Why isn't mine working???????
the to use this battery in the AA battery pack for Jet 3.3 ???
How long of a run time will this give me
Will this fit a stampede vxl 4wd tray?
Will these work on my emaxx with twin 550s
will this battery work for the rustler?
This battery serves the Slash 4X4 VXL RTR
Does this battery works with the traxxas erevo vlx 1-16
Is this charger smart enough to stop charging when the cells are full? Or do you have to be around when the charging is done to unplug it?
does this charge only traxxas batteries or all batteries
Will this charge a Racer's Edge 7.4 volt CONSTANT 25C 5000mah 2S LiPO?
How long does it take to charge an 11.1v 3 cell 5000mah?
How long does it take to charge a 3 cell 4000mAh LiPo?
I just bought the 2-3cell lipo balance charge, I use it once and know is not charging anore
can i charge two 2s lipo batteries at the same time with this charger
can I use it to charge 7-Cell NiMH 3000mAh Traxxas iD battery??
I just bought a jjrc h12c quadcopter. The battery doesn't show if it's 2s or 3s on it. Would this charger the battery that comes with it?
Does the charger work on a E-Flite 2200mAh 3S 11.1V 30C LiPo, 13AWG for rc planes
what age range for littlebits?
is it appropriate for a 12 year old
would a 4 year old enjoy this kit?
Can you put two 18 inch dolls
what are the dimensions of this stroller?
How big is it?
How tall is it?
Can you take out the bassinett and just use it as a stroller where the baby sits?
Do the babies slip out of the seat.? or is there a harness tokeep the babies froma falling out?
What are the wheel treads made out of? Reinforced foam? rubber? hard plastic? It's too hard to tell from the photos. THANK YOU!
Do the front wheels swivel?
how long are the blades?
can i order a remote for this item??
can it detatch from the wall and used as a lightsaber
How do you mount it to the wall?
So it runs on batteries no an outlet?
So all the other light sabers come with remote controls, does this one or can a remote control be bought to operate it?
What is the height on this Hulk?
Your info says he takes AA batteries, but the video says he takes AAA. Which is correct?
What color are the pants? Khaki or purple?
What color are the pants? Khaki or purple?
how tall is this figure please? 6 inch?
does it say smash
Does it say "Hulk Smash"?
what toy Marvel The Avengers Hulk Gamma Strike says
how tall is toy?
does it talk?
how big is it
What size is this figurine?
Can I climb a building with this? I don't want to die. Thanks!
Do you get the missile as shown in the picture and can you buy the gloves seperate?
Does this product work with the FX glove or does it have to be a plain spiderman glove?
How does I shot web?
is there somewhere i can purchase the refills? toy was great, but the missles were lost in a day!!!
Does this doll have a soft body or a hard, plastic body? I am wondering if it's OK for my daughter to totally submerge that doll.
What age of child is this doll typically purchased for?
the sounds are in Spanish?
what are the batteries for?
Can you put a Baby Alive diaper on this doll?
Does this baby alive talk
Does this baby wear the size large or medium baby alive clothes, if you were to purchase additional outfits?
Are these tracks compatible with the larger set (including three cars) sold exclusively at Toys R Us?
Where do you purchase the additional cars and add on tracks?
Does this accomodate the full size My Little Ponies or just the smaller ones?
Would the train roll on other types of train tracks? Like the chuggington or Thomas ones?
Do the blades collapse completely into the hilt or does it stick out when folded up?
is it a prop only or can it hit another lightsaber in "battle"
does it light up?
Does it make sounds?
How long is it just one of the blades?how long is just the handle?
will it break if we're trying to break it?
how long is it with the blades fully extended?
how tall toy in her box?
Why is this product listed on Hasboro website for $19.99 and her it is listed for much more?
Does it make sounds?
What type of material are the figures made from?
The picture shows 2 separate packages, the Imperial Shuttle and an X-wing fighter. What is included? If we ordered more than one is shipping less?
The picture you show includes the Princess Leia figure. Is she in this pack? That is the only person I am interested in for my granddaughter,
is this set naboo fighter or emporers shuttle
I want to know how high they are?
is this the same figure that was in the battle when the were sshooting the death star guns off aand so fourth against the xwings
are these the figures that were guarding princess leia at the deathh star because iam looking for those and the commader that was there
is this a good figure to get? and i am trying to do the one scene where chewie goes to the prision in the new hope and i dont know whagt chewie to get
How tall is the Spiderman figure?
Size of car/buggy.
how does spider man hold on to roof or stay in car?
what about a 5 to 6 year old
do you sell just the captain america shiled?
Would these look good enough to be on a display in a movie room ?
Hammer made of what?
What is captain America shield made of?
Does the Captain America shield have straps?
what are the dimensions when assembled? Our train table is 22" x 31". Will it fit?
Approximately how large is the box to ship by UPS outside of the USA
Does it come with the mat?
Is it really compatible with Thomas and Friends trains?
Is this set compatible with the ikea wooden train tracks?
Does it include trains?
Can the felt pad be ordered from this site?
Do those "trackmaster" kits add to starter kits like this? Is it all comptable
where is this product manufactured
1. as an 80 pc. set, exactly how many track pieces are there? 2. would you recommend a mat/rug to go under?
are there any reds? or is it just all black?
Are these Plastic?
does it come with a tuck box?
Are these Plastic?
do the diecast thomas trains work on this?
Does the take and play track work with the Thomas all around Sodor pack?
Is the s-curve track included in this?
Are there any wooden tracks that Thomas Take-n-play can go with?
My son received the Tidmouth Shed set for his birthday. do the trains that came with that fit on this track set?
Actually I m about to make a deal, does these 6 stock belong to latest production version that improved the nub marks or a few minor paint smudges?
Could tell me the proper dimension of the Gundam? Tall and stuff? I'm not used to read it the way it was displayed. Thanks.
What Kind of Metal is it or is there no metal?
Is this pre-made (pre-assembled) or is this a model kit? Also, if this contains metal, why is shipping weight only 2 pounds, like normal 1/100?
I have a question, are these 8 stock belong to the latest priduction( I mean the reproduced August)?
The inner skeleton is metal correct and is it already built or do we still get to build it?
What scale is it? 1/100, 1?144....something else?
can you ship this item to the philippines? how much shipping? tnx
Hello, is it possible to have this item and the super saiyan Goku S.H. Figuarts posted on the Amazon.ca as well? Thanks.
are the arms and legs posable
can she sit?
does the dress come off?
Where are these Hot Wheels manufactured? Are they guaranteed to have no lead paint?
What are the dimensions of each care?
Are hot wheels cars the same as matchbook cars?
I've been looking for hot wheels tow trucks. Is there any guarantee I can get the set with them in?
We are specifically looking for the cars that you pull back and they "wind up" and go. Do these wind up?
Are matchbox cars and hotwheels the same? I bought the track system for hotwheels but now I don't know what cars to buy for it.
are these the same size as the single packaged cars?
did you like yours?
Could you guarantee there will be at least one green car in the set? My son specifically wants a green car. Thank you.
Can i place an order of two and get two different variety of packs?
Comes with beam sabre handle but no blade, so where can I get one?
Dose it require Glue?
What does 1/100 mean? Does it come pre-painted?
is the catalog of the model in english
Does this kit come with a set of hands with poseable fingers?
how tall is this model once assembled
how tall is this model once assembled
What tools are needed for assembly
How does the size compare to other Master grade kits?
yeah i don't remember Heavy arms have an actually mingun is this an upgrade cause he mainly had it for a hand
Will this kit fit a World Tech Toys Hercules Unbreakable Gyro RC helicopter?
Does the kit include the screws?
What are the total length of the blades?
Are the S109G full set replacement blades in stock in America, or are they shipped from CHINA
do you have upgraded parts for the apache helicopters?
These blades look slightly different than the blades on the S108G. However, I prefer the design on these. Will they work on the S108?
Why is there a warning for small parts?
Are the pages blank or do they contain Rivers Writings?
Why is there a warning for small parts?
How many pages are there?
what are the dimensions?
Is it closer to college ruled or wide ruled lines on the pages?
are there any pictures in the book
About how many pages are in this?
What are the dementions? I got the River Song diary and it was only about 3 x 5"
what size are these ?
Does this have the new battery connection to use the upgraded batteries?
I broke my 1st blade. I unscrewed the silver screw on the blade but the blade won't come out. Suggestions?
is it normal that the plastic frame (red and yellow part) vibrates like crazy during flight?
can it fly sideways or does the nose have to be turned ?
Remote began smoking right out of the box on Christmas Day...anyone else have this problem?
Does this copter come with more than one battery? or do I need to purchase extras
I'm confused with all these wl 911 and similar helis here on amazon, can someone tell me if this is the pro 2 version?
Does it give a low battery warning or just fall from the air?
Does this pair with the Walkera Wk- 2403 2.4ghz controller?
which song does Alvin sings? Is it " Christmas Christmas"
does it sing the whole song, the one i received only sings one line of the song
What song does he sing?
are they paper or plastic? reusable?
How many plates come?
How many plates per package?
how many plates are in a pack?
Is there writing on the back? time, date, place, etc...
how many invitations per pack?
how many invitations are in each pack?
how many cards come in the pack?
Hello! So is this a total of 10 robots for $75?
Hello do all 5 robots light up?
is zeus already battle damaged?
Are these in their original unopened packages?
Hello ! are you ok now for an international shipment (To France) ?
Hi.We would love to get 5 toys from real steel for our son,but you dont do shipping to Ireland, if you can do priority post,we can pay for it,decide
Which guys are these I am looking for atom,zues,noisy boy, and mideus are these all included?
How big is this doll?
How big is this doll?
dose her hair change color?
does it really work
can it go in the pool with clorine?
How many come in a pack?
How many hats per pack?
can i have only cookies monster hats?
how many in a package?
How many cone hats in one pack?
How many are in a pack?
How long are they?
Is there a plastic reinforcement inside?
What is the length !?
How long are the swords
Can you combine shipping to provide a reduced charge to a customer buying six or more?
can it drive on grass?
can you shoot a friend with this tank
is this tank a 1/16 or ?????
can u turn it right and left
What is the battery 9 volt or 7?
can it drive in mud
Can anyone recommend some sort of case to store them all in so they won't touch but will be cushioned?
can u send all 7 in the same shipping? and can i get it delivered at a hotel with my friends name(hotel guest) on it ?
how big is it? in/cm wise?
Why is this one darker in picture than the rest?
can I summon Portunga or Shenron when I collect all seven? Also will it turn to stone after making a wish? Lastly, will constant use make syn shenron?
how big is it?
Are the stars on the inside of the ball or on the outside?
does it come with a holder/stand?
how much is the shipping?
Does this ball come in the decorative black dragon ball z box????
can i drill a hole under the ball to make it into a shift knob with out the ball cracking or breaking?
Would it fit in a baseball display case?
Is it made out of the same material as a marble? (similar to glass or limestone) Or is it made out of plastic?
where will this be delivered from
What are their measurements? Diameter and Circumference?
How much would the shipping cost if it is being sent to the UK?
is the star printed on the ball, or is it inside it ? if the star is printed on the ball, is it covered/protected in any way, or will it rub off?
Whats the difference between this product and this one ASIN: B00PLIPXO4?
Only dragonballs 1,2,6, and 7 are sold from Hamee, where can i get 3,4, and 5?
If I bought all 7 Dragonballs would I be guaranteed to not get any duplicates? If yes then i would immediately buy all 7 as they look fantastic thanks
How much would the shipping cost if &iacute;t is being sent to germany
Does it come with the black shenron box?
I just recieved my dragon ball z with one star. Why didn't it come with the collectors box like the other two balls did?
These are the 4 inch ones? I want the life sized scale.
Has anyone gotten the Dragon Ball 5 that is shown in the main photo? I know some get the 2-1-2 pattern, but I want to know if there is a chance!
how mutch for the 7 piece set?
Are the 5 stars as in the picture, 5 stars aligned in a circle, or are they like a 6 sided die, four corners and one in the middle?
i am happy with my purchase except for one tiny detail and that would be that some of them shipped to me in cans... any ideas for a holster of sorts?
does it come with the antenna also?
can this bind up with the new traxxas link wireless module
would this receiver fit the traxxas 1/16 e revo
How do i power the receiver for my remote.it did not come with any wires to connect it.. using sabretooth 2x25 no rc car
can the Traxxas 6518 TQi 5-channel reciever bind with the Spektrum Dx4s transmitter
where else can i get it
What color did you receive?
can i use my ipad air to unlock the speed control
any issues with the electronics burning up in this model? i heard they were up dated after they had issues with that.
It does comes with lipid though right?
What color is the most favored?
When the car comes, do i need to buy anything else before use. Or would it run when it comes.
Does it come with a parallel battery wire harness? I am assuming but wish to verify.
is there any way to know what color you're going to be getting?
Does this car need an iphone or ipod to operate? or is this just an extra feature?
Can you adjust the steering rate (exponential)?
will this work with mini erevo and does it have an antenna on the receiver cant tell from image ?
does the receiver have the antenna on it. it doesn't show on the image ?
Are there ever any stuttering issues with this? Also, what's the approximate range?
Does the receiver fit into a 1/16 slash
is this compatible with the traxxas app?
does this work with the vxl3s sensorless brushless 3500 on a stampede??
Does this come with the receiver
does it come with the iphone dock?
Is there going to be an iPhone 5 docking base?
What does this actually do, will it tell temperature of the RC batteries SPEED adjustments?? How much does it cost for the app. To make it worThanks
What functions does it come with out of them box?
can i use it on my Slash 2wd Raptor?tnx guys
Is this an add on for a controller or is it a new controller?
What are the dimensions of the snow plow? Thanks!
Does this rc car go forard
Does it plow snow like youtube ones.
does the esc work with lipo batteries? does it have a low voltage cutoff?
Does it come with a battery
Can someone explain how this can be snow proof but not water proof? Unless my pre-kindergarten teacher was wrong, snow does have some water in it.
what scale?
Why does this post talk about the new ESC's and the 380 motor upgrades when it doesnt ship to you with them?
will this helicopter work with a samsung Galaxy Phone?
this will not fly, what do we do
I need the battery for this heli. Anyone have idea where can I get?
Does the IR transmitter come with batteries. If so, are they rechargable? If not, is there recharge functionality built in if I buy some?
What Model of transmittier is included in the RTF Set?
What is the difference between this and the BLADE Nano CP X RTF?
What is the actual length of this unit? I find that the listed dimensions are usually exaggerated.
What does the package include? all i see in the pic is the heli and well it says its rtf so im assuming it comes with the transmitter
What's included in this kit? Also, what kind of transmitter does it come with? Thanks
Is this ready to fly?
Is that in fly Mode 1 or 2 ?
age for this
Does the engine turn with a hand crank or an electric motor?
What tools to you need to build this kit--stuff not in the kit? Glue type, etc.?
is this model a push rod or over head cam engine?
do the piston, crankshaft,camshaft, and fan at the end move when turned on? Id really love to buy this but need to know first
My son and I are starting to build this. We are missing one of part 14, inlet valve head. Is it possible to get a replacement part?
How is this for an adult who's only now getting into cars/engines? Helpful?
It said to oil with vegitable oil so i oil oiled it with olive oil and now i doesnt work properly but i did before i oiled it.
I purchased one in Sept. for $63, went to purchase another one and now it is $199?
Did anyone else buy it under the impression that it worked, with real gas.?
can i use a this camera with a cable to extend the positioning of such camera away from my ipad 3? i need to be able to free up my hands ...
will this work as a web cam for my ipad1
Can the Disney Mickey Mouse 7.1MP iPad Camera use with skype ? any one know any other web-cam that does?
Can you just put in a DVD and play it or do you have to down load movies? Is this device compatible with any headrest displays?
I am just wanting a dvd player that will accommodate watching dvd Disney movies. Is this good for that?
your sesame street video player says 19.99 but when i try to order it the price says 34.99 i would like to purchase it for 19.99 what i am seeing it
Are replacement propellers available?
What ages do you recommend giving this to?
Would the toy work with a 3.7 lithium battery if modified?
i have a christmas lightweight plane with Santa in it. Is it possible to take the motor and propeller out of this one and use it in mine.
does it fly on air?
Are these the English version or Japanese version?
Were these cards real ? some people saying they're missing the seal at the bottom
Is this booster box sealed?
Are these a great gift to someone who plays yugioh?
Did the cards received out of the pack have the seal in the bottom right corner?
is this the 1st edition? or the unlimited edition?
If u buy 2 of this boxes will u get the same cards or different cards?
if u buy 2 of this will the cards be different?
it has 24 packs in one box?
Is the box in english? Im trying to collect only the english editions.
what does the box look like?
can he move his arms and legs?
Why is this figure so much more expensive than most of the others?
comes with the brown box????
the box says Dragon ball Z or Dragon Ball Kai?
trunks still available now?
how tall
Does he come with the Tamashii brown shipper box?
I am happy with this dragon!
Mine has a small hole in the wing. Is that the way it is supposed to be?
Are these dragons poseable?
I want to put this in an aquarium, I read that they are painted my concern is if the paint is water soluble. can i get your opinions?
how tall is this dragon exactaly?
how tall is this dragon exactaly?
What are the dimensions?
Having trouble setting the clock. The person I got it from (who has retired) had trouble also. Can you send easy instructions.
How do you set, re-set it?
how can I reset my retirement clock?
Does this come with the floral blanket shown in the second product image? Or only the pink and white dotted sheet/mattress in the first image? Thx!
Do the bunk beds come apart to make 2 separate beds?
What is this bed made of?
is this bed too cutsie for a 6&amp;1/2 yr old to enjoy for a couple yrs or more?
is this bed a wooden or plastic bed?
Will this doll fit on the Lalaloopsy RC Scooter?
size
Is this doll appropriate for a 2 year old
Is She a full sized doll?
Description says: 2 Nonstandard Battery batteries required. What kind exactly, please?
are the trains and figurines made of wood or plastic?
Is this primarily made out of plastic or is it wood like many of their products?
How big is it?
Does this come with the transmitter
Wha do you think of it and I am a beginner so would this suit me, and is there no way to fly it during the day when there is light outside?
what is the range?
how does this compare to other cheap rc planes like the air hogs sky stunt plane? a little confused by the mixed reviews, any suggestions? thanks
can it be flown outside
can it be flown outside
Can it fly outside in the light of the sun
Kinda basic, but where is the on/off switch on the plane itself? I think I know where it is, but I am afraid to snap the styrofoam.
Hi, Im looking to buy 4 pieces can I fly them all in 1 room ?
Dimensions?
is it a box of several or one toy?
Is there any way at all that I can get it in blue? I esp. like the dark blue. He has asked for a blue robot.
Can it stand?
Will this hold a REAL book? A hardback? A paperback?
Does it have pocket(s)? If so, how many?
Will it hold a large hardcover book?
How tall is it?
Can it be washed?
Can you fly it outdoors?
what size battery does this have?
what is the connection buckle part for that was included?
how big is it and how fast does it fly
waht age is this for please
what's the lent and with of this and the wait,
can this be charged using a 110v charger?
what do the a,b,c 3 selectable bands on the remote do?
Does it turn left and righ
Is there a way to turn the sound off?
Are there leg holes?
Can you lift up the sunshade?
Our twin granddaughters will weigh approx. 30 lbs come summer. Will this float be ok with the weight?
My baby is 22 mos n- on the small side. Would he able to reach over and splash his hands in the water?
Does this pack down like a spring float? I need something small enough to pack two for my twins in our suitcase
is this ok for a baby that sits up but occasionally topples over?
Can I use this for 3 yrs old?
is it good for the ocean?
How to inflate the float
Would this float work for the smaller 2-4 month age range?
How long can you have the blower running?
how wide is the slide at the base?
Is the slide detachable or a separate piece?
How many kids (5 and under) can this hold?
The 118" length- is that including the slide or excluding the slide?
Is the slide the only way in the bouncer?
When facing the slide, which side need 24" clearance for the pump? and how fast does it deflate?
hi i want to know what is the dimension of the box in which is packaged
Is the product BPA Free, too?
I'd like to buy a few extra batteries to have charged and on-hand. Exactly what type do I need? I've seen some but not sure if they'll work for me.
Iwould like to know if this small micro aircraft is suitable for anyone who is learning to fly radio controlled aircraft
Is this plane good in soft winds (1-5 mph)
can i use liquid nail glue to fix the undercarriage back on
how easily do parts break on this?
Can you play as the ogre on this one?
Do you need the code to play multiplayer online?
Do I need a specific code to play this online? I just bought this used.
May I ask if this is an ENG ver. game? =)
Does this game offer anything to single players/non-online gamers?
Is this durable? I have a 5 year old Power Ranger/Sentai nut, he likes both equally.
What sound does the akared ranger key makes?
What other morpher can I use with the Japanese keys?
The keys from japan are bigger do they fit this morpher
does it come in original box
gokaiger ranger keys stickers akared
Is it Japanese
I don't see any age recommendations. My grandsons, ages 10 and 12, play Settlers of Catan. Would the Eclipse board game be about the same level?
What are the dice in the third picture? I do not believe that those are part of the Eclipse game. The game comes with yellow, orange and red d6's.
What are the expansions for this game besides Rise of the Ancients and Supernova?
Is this eclipse 2nd edition (3rd printing)?
Are the wheels plastic or rubber?
If our child pedals but may needs a little push for power, can he still pedal and steer, or does the child lose pedal/steer control when pushed?
It has gone through numerous children and squeaks loudly in numerous places, especially the wheels. Do you have any suggestions?
Will this fit into the trunk of a sedan with the parent handlebar attached?
Do the pedals lock so the child can use them as a footrest?
Are there brakes on this trike, for when the kiddo uses it as a stand-alone trike and has to go down hills?
What is the minimum height requirement to reach the pedals?
Will a two year old be able to reach peddles OR would a smaller trike be better?
I'm also comparing it to Radio Flyer 4-in-1 Trike for my 22 month old. I want a classic bike with a handle that steers, no need for harness. thoughts?
My special needs nephew weighs 48lbs, what is the weight limit for this trike?
What is the difference between the old and new models?
Is this product red in color ? I am about to order it but just need to confirm. I am looking for red color for my son. Please answer ASAP
what does it mean "kid scoot."? is it battery operated car, kid can drive his own?
How can I install the front wheel,I found the front wheel always drop out
Is the body of new model plastic or metal?
Have you fixed the :wobbly wheel" problem? It seems to be the biggest complaint.
are the front wheels driven by the steering wheel so the kid can actually drive around by himself? Thanks
I am having a problem with my car. When we push it, the wheels will just go perpendicular to the road and the car won't go anywhere. What do I do?
how is the packaging when you buy it? ita caome disassemble? easy to travel with?
What's the weight &amp; size of this car?
Are the charger balancer boxes all the same or are there different ones for different Batteries I have DH9100 changed the board I'm guessing bad Batt
Are The 9053 &amp; 9118 on the same frequency?
Does this also come in the color blue?
does anyone know where i can get the reciever board for a dh 9118 2.4 ghz 26 " 3.5ch pcBoard,
where can i find a larger tail rotar without cutting the wires and reversing them, where can i find this 2200mah batter,Will 9.4 batt damage motors?
do you recommend this model double horse 9118 if so do you know of or rcommend any upgrades?
I'm new to this and am wondering if this copter comes with batteries???
Thoughts on this vs the 9053? More or less mods needed? Better overall?
Mine has absolutely no forward power, inside with no wind it barely moves, any ideas beside returning it?
whats the battery charging time?
I can't find the app
do you have to connect the iconheli to your ipad?
How long exactly does the battery last
Can you tell me the frequency range of the controller?
how long do you have to play with it?
Will work with IPad mini?
does it work with ios 8.1?
can this copter work with any smart phone samsung s4
does it really work well with an I phone
does this work with an older generation ipod?
Is the language in english?
What language is the text in?
Is this an English version?
Dear Can you explant me what difference for tamagochi p's, id l and 15 anniversary? How many character In 3 these game? Which one good for p
What are the ages that the bey blades are recommended for?
Does it come with the launcher or the "ripper" I think they call it? Because, I don't see it in the picture.
can it beat khronos?
Can it beat burning claw leone?
How long does it spin
Is the bey left spin or right?
How do you flip the Kreis wheel
I'm a grandmother to 12 and 13 yr old grandsons. I cannot figure out what this is
is it better then pegasus?
Can it beat death quetzalcoatl?
Is this plastic or fabric? Thanks
Can this be used for school walls
should i cut the part off that says happy birthday when it is in a game room or not
Does it comes with creases in it from shipping? If so, is there a way to "flatten" them out?
Can this be used as a backdrop for YouTube channel ultimate controller collection
What is the size of the package?
Can this be used in a playroom
Can this be used in church
Can this be a bedroom decoration
Should I cut the banner part when it is in a game room or not
does this package come with right and left hand skeleton hands?
How big are these?
Is this a flexible plastic?
Is there an entrance directly to the ball pit? I want to be able to put my younger child direct in/take out from the ball pit. Thanks!
is this considered a commercial grade bouncer?
What are the outside dimensions without the slide?
Hi, how many balls are needed for ball pit? Thanks!
Hello do you ship to hong kong
Could you ship to mexico i would like buy 4
Does it have any kind of warranty?
Do you ship to UK?
Is it red or pink? I can't tell.
What is the best ESC, SERVO, RECIEVER, RADIO, LIGHTS AND BATTERY for this RC?
Which full scale truck is this supposed to be?
This vehicle is Against Water? is small puddles of mud and water?
Which remote works with this (just noticed the remote is NOT included)?
does this have all electronics accept the batery?
What is a good battery and charger to get for this truck? What will my run time be? How long does battery take to charge? Thank you in advance!
which is better the axial honcho rtr or jeep rtr ?
does it drive
does it come with a receiver?
is this rc completely waterproof?
is this rc completely waterproof?
How fast does this go? I know that this is a cralwer so it is not fast but what is the aprxamate speed in mph. Thanks!
Many people saying it is "durable" but I see videos and 1 review showing a LOT of plastic linkage parts, suspension arms. Is it worth it?
How fast will it go? Please respond in ENGLISH. Given it's speed, could it do spinouts in dirt? I know it's a "crawler" but I want a SPEEDY crawler!
What battery connector does this truck have? (Size, female/male)
I suspect some pieces may be missing; do you count the pieces or figure it out at the end?Border just won't come work. I have 124 border pieces. Help?
is any one else having a problem with this puzzle?
is there a tip to getting this puzzle done. pieces are small. top and bottom the same look I am having a problem. any help?
Does it have 3 Barbie fashions or only 1? Both quantities are mentioned in the Product Description.
How exactly many pieces are there in Barbie Fashionista Ultimate Closet?
does it cames with a doll
does it come with shoes
barbe doll comes with an included?
How many dress's are in there? And does it come with pants and tops or stuff
Hello! Does the closet come with the doll? Or is just the closet and clothes?
is barbie fashionasta closet that expencive
does it come with a barbie?
Hi, I love this set, and I would love to buy a barbie doll from your store too, Are all you dolls fit in the clothes in this set?
I was about to order, but can you please explain why the shipping time tells me almost 28 days? If I can get it sooner than that, I would buy today.
how tall is this action figure?
how tall is this figure?
I just want the bat-signal. the light turns on?
would a precocious two year enjoy this
What is the suggested age for this gift?
Is there enough room in the little carrying case for extra outfits?
age age group
Are the glass slippers removable? My daughter's one request is that she can take off Cinderella's shoes. Thank you in advance for your reply.
can the doll sing happy birthday
Why are all 3 pictures of the doll on the product page different? Rings, hair, shoes, all different. Which one does yours look like?
Does the doll's knees bend into a sitting position?
Is the dress removable so she can wear other dresses?
hi is the hair is long? can put it down?
What age range is this toy good for?
Do hot wheels ok on this track?
does it come with the cars and people
How long a 2 year old will use this toy? I mean, I don't want my son to play with this toy just a week and lose interest.
Does this toy include cars or do I have to buy them apart.
do hot wheel cars work on it?
Once it is put together, can you take it apart and assemble again? Will need to ship again to grandchild's home.
Would this toy be good for a 4 yr old boy?
Is this toy loud or noisy?
So it says it has lights, sounds and music? Mine does not have any lights. Does anyone else's?
What is included in the set?
what size dolls work with the playset?
Is this doll house plastic or cardboard?
Why was I not given the the lower price for this item, when it went down about an hour after I purchased??
How long is this sale going to last for this item ?
Is the food included?
Is this doll house plastic or cardboard?
Hi, three questions, the game is full ?, was never used ?. original box is very bad. thank you
Is the dolls in the pictures come with the play set
does this set come with the dolls in the picture
I bought my grandson the trains and case last year. Wanted to add a track but it looks like there are 2 different size trains.
How do you replace the batteries for the train winch?
My mom got this set for my son, who has lots of Wooden Railway cars already. Will the Wooden Railway cars work nicely with the "Take &amp; Play" track?
how many pieces in this set?
do the take and play trains ride the trackmaster rails?
Does it come with Thomas the train engin?. Is the engine motorized? If not,
Is this just a train track? Or does this also come with a thomas train?
Are the trains battery operated? in all the take a long sets?
Does this go automatically?
Can TrainMaster track be added to this to connected this Take-n-Play set &amp; to other Take-n-Play sets? If so, which track sets? Take-n-Play sets?
What's it made out of?
Do the arms move on this product?
what is the color of the gun of batman, grey or black? :))
Is there room for more take and play engines to be stored inside?
is thomas the engine battery operated
Could this fit on a tray that goes across a car seat for a road trip or is it too big?
Do the pull and go Thomas trains work with this set? Thanks.
Do the wooden Thomas and Friends engines work on this track as well as the die-cast metal ones?
Is the Thomas included in this ses the "Take N Play Talking Thomas"?
Does this come with a cover?
Is this 26 inch or 27 inch? The product description says 27 inch.
does this tennis racquet come already strung?? Head 2013 Radical 26 Junior Tennis Racquet
what is the length of this truck and trailer
what size batteries does it take and how many?
Does the Kid Galaxy RC Trator Trailer "Checkered Flag" come with it's own remote? Thank you
How long is the tractor trailer or what scale is it?
does the back ramp open????
does the back ramp open????
does the trailer cargo door open?
does the trailer cargo door open?
does it have reverse?
does it come with a remote control?
I want to purchase the pink RC baja buggy and the blue RC Ford pickup for siblings. Can the remotes be set so that each operates independently from the other while the kids play together?
How long has your Baja Buggy lasted? How much use has it stood up to?
I want to get this for my daughter's 5th birthday? Is it too babyish or just right for her age?
Will the car run on carpeting?
Is this car good for a 5 year old girl?
Does Barbie fit in this car??
I bought this for my daughter for a christmas present...she has played with it 5 times and it has stopped working. Only used inside/brand new..help?
I don't understand is included batteries? If they are then where is the remote control or separately? I need to know for postal delivery
It looks like the remote has a regular (forward) turn function (video), but the description says that it uses a reverse turn function. Clarification?
does this come with the 19v rechargeable battery?
does this have reverse and the charger is it rtr? what type of battery need all info for it
what is needed to operate, does it come with its own control device for steering if not what is offered?
What are the demensions
Does it come with transmitter?
So this says it can handle hot and cold, but I washed mine in the dishwasher and it distorted. Anyone have the same problem?
Can this be used to make resin shapes
Do you have to purchase 2 of these to get a 3D mold? Or does it fold onto itself or something?
Can it be used for baking ?
How large are the pieces when removed from the mold?
What is the max number of letters/spaces for this one?
I see it says 6-10 days for shipping is that usually the case? I'd like it for a birthday party 13 days from today (5/13) is that possible?
Are the letters raised?
How thick is the puzzle and how thick are the letters?
How tall are the letters?
Where is this manufactured?
Where do you put the custom name in? I don't see any to put my childs name
Do these toys work in the battle set?
Are these the same size as the individual figures?
do the arms move and legs can the knees bend and elbows?
What size are these? 5 inch?
What is the size of these two action figures? Are they the standard 5 inch Real Steel toys?
are these 5"?
Do they light up at all
do these pop apart?
how big are these figures?
how big are these figures?
how tall is each figure
IS this product from the US?
How long, estimated, will it take to singapore?
hello.i would really love to buy tjis item.could to ship it to slovakia?thank you
was this supposed to come with a remote control ?
Can you ship to mexico via courier? DHL?
Are these the 5" figures
are these robot controlled?
does she have a vanilla scent?
Do American Girl Bitty Baby and Bity twins clothes fit this doll?
Does the hat come off? Is there any hair? If so what color
Hi, will this doll take a pacifier in her mouth? Thanks!
What is the difference between this one and the corolle navy and blue carriage that is much more expensive http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000...
0ne of the wheels on the doll carriage keeps falling off and I need a relacement for it. How do I get it?
Why doesn't the canopy fit on the stroller?? I am very disappointed in the canopy. If I thought the carriage did not have a canopy, I definitely wouldn't have purchased the carriage.
What are the dimensions of the the carriage? I have a 5 year old and hope this will be big enough for her.
does anyone know the dimensions of the box? need to know if it&acute;s something I can travel with...
could you tell me the heigth of the handle
will the large babydoll fit in the stroller. she is 17" long
Is this too big or too tall for a 15 month old? She loves her 12 inch corolle doll.
Do the wheels swivel?
Did the playmobil baby figure fit in high chair? My daughters are really upset that it doesnt fit.
What is the yellow thing supposed to be?
what is the size of the babies, in inches?
Are the babies included in the playmobil baby starter kit?
Does it have a stand?
is this breyer horse in it's original box?
how big is it? (height, length)
Does this compare to the Rody Horse?
What is the material this horse toy is made with (rubber, vinyl, etc.)??
Is it durable outside on the grass?
What is the weight limit?
Is it easy to deflate, could I take it with us when we travel?
Is the horse hopper latex free?
What is the weight limit?
What kind of batteries does it use? How long is the play per battery set?
age appropriate?
is the pinpoint sight important?
Your description doesn't mention dice. Does it include dice?
I have a set of Chinese Mahjong in white with green backs. Where could I find matching tiles to use as jokers?
Does this set have eight jokers?
Are the winds marked in N,S,E,W? My other set had no English clues on the tiles?
Size of tiles
the case looks purple and pink in the picture. Is it a true burgundy and are the straps a different shade/color?
what is color of the back of these tiles?
I don't see where any of the sets include the dice. Are they not included?
How many racks/pushers does it come with?
are these regular size tiles?
i have some questions, include transmitter??? if yes, which transmitter include?? and can tell me the fly time please?
Is this strong enough to lift a GoPro camera: Anyone know if this copter is strong enough to lift it?
What is the range on this Quad?
The manual shows mode 1 and mode 2 configurations. Which is it and can you choose your preference?
include transmitter?? can i see it?
Do I need to get a reciever for it?
I have a MLP4DSM 2.4GHz DSMX Blade transmitter that came with an SR120. I believe it will bind with the mQX. Does anyone know for sure?
I see no mention of a Cam; is there room on the belly of the copter to mount a Mobius Action Cam ? Will it support the weight?
Totally new to this. Am I supposed to buy a controller with this? Does it require two hands to fly? The person using it has only one good arm. Thx
Owner Of Nano Qx. The transmitter for it was the same exact transmitter for MQx. Is it possible to use that transmitter for the nano Qx for the MQX?
Does it work with Dx5?
what type of wood is it ?
What kind of wood are the balls made of?
is there only 1 ball in this package/
How many balls in a bag??
One more question is he in scale with dc universe figures
Does the figure and display part look just like the picture
Will he break easy
Is the stand wall mountable?
For those that have had this toy a long time have your cheerios or mac n cheese seperated from the bowl?
What foods are included in set?
Ate these dishwasher safe?
Where is this manufactured?
What age is this appropriate for?
Is this BPA free?
We have a 4-year-old and 16-month-old. To be on the safe side we'd remove the small pieces. If we do are there enough "big" pieces they could both play with?
I just received this and the first thing I noticed is the overpowering, almost toxic smell. Did anyone else have this same issue?
is this set BPA free?
Is it BPA free?
Can someone take a picture of their two year old holding it? My 2 yr. old is already starting to write letters and we're hoping he could do this game
Can the frog eat 4 to 5 bugs and contain them all.. how do u get them out?
does the frog have the capability to hold all the flies inside of it? or does it just open its mouth a little?
I see it says 3+ but a lot of reviewers are using them for younger children. Do the pieces pose a choking hazard?
How do these compare to Melissa &amp; Doug's play food?
Are the fruit and veggies hollow? I have a childcare and need something that will last.
How large are the smallest veggies in those cans?
I would like to buy this for my 18mo and i was wondering, thinking about choking hazard, what's the size of the smaller piece?
Can someone tell me the width/size of the smallest piece?
Where is this manufactured?
Do the baskets nest?
Are the fruits and vegetables the same size as learning resources new sprouts line of food?
are there tracks for hexbug scarab
Will the Hexbug Scarab(colors may vary) beetle walk on carpet?
Try them head-on from each other. Will they fight?
My cat loves to play with spiders. Would this be an appropriate toy to keep him entertained and be safe at the same time?
Why does the battery last only 1 day?
what are the dementions
which hexbug for 3 to 5 yr old
Does this run independently or is it controlled by something? I bought my husband an i-robot beetle and I'm wondering if this is the same. Thanks!
Can they be used in water? Like in the bottom of an Aquabot bowl?
How many come in package? Only one?
I can't tell from the picture, are there removeable pieces for the two sides that fold in?
What is maximum size puzzle can be worked on the board?.
Could you sit in a recliner and use this on your lap?
What is the actual size where the puzzle is assemble? I need 21 x 27.
does it have a carrying handle
Is this stickered
Is the DIY better?
Overall rating of this cube? (0-10 scale)
What is the best 4x4 cube out there?
What is the difference between the Man fire truck &amp; this one?
Is this good for a 21/2 year old who is very smart?
Is this appropriate for a ten year old? He likes Tonka and these talk about 3 y/o users.
What is the difference between Scania R-Serie Fire Engine and the Mack Granite Fire Engine?
Is this fire truck made entirely of plastic? Thank you.
Will the ladder break if it is pushed in and out instead of using the crank?
How big is it? I mean the dimension of the box
what is the dimension and weigth of the package?
How much water does it hold?
Are these cards plastic coated?
double back
What the colors of the suits on the cards? Gold and black? or standard red and black? Thx
Are the gold dragon back cards poker size?
Does this sword come with disks
Do the disk actually spin??? I'd hate to order the wrong one :(
what is the size?
what's the difference between the deluxe and regular sword
is there and LED light on the sword?
where is this manufactured?
does it come with a holder and does it have sounds?
What is the product number for this sword? I'm specifically looking for 31783 according to the Bandai packaging.
Are the beads's holes big enough to use pipe cleaners?
Are these beads big enough to use with the rainbow/crazy loom rubber band bracelets?
Are there enough beads to make 21 activity bags w/6 different shaped sets&amp;each set being the same shape/color?(Ex. Set 1 blue hearts, set 2 red star)
This work with the factory ESC that come with the Bumblebee ?
how do i set it up for my trycopter
can i use the usb programmer provided here to flash some esc with simonk?
Help please! I cant enter ESC programming mode on the Flight Controller. 3 motors spin at half stick throttle, 4th motor kicks in near full throttle.
can i attach a motor to this and if so what kind?
yes can you add a GPS to it
Can I program this board? like with C++ or Arduino?
I can't get my FS-T6 transmitter &amp; FS-R6B receiver to bind with my Quadcopter (Which uses the KK board) Anyone care to give an IN-DEPTH answer?:)
Is the USB programmer simply a USB to RS232 converter? Does it use an FTDI chip?
how do i get the software to program my board, i have the kk multicopter 5.5 board
Is the bottle one quart?
Did this come with the "Backyard Safari" badge, that can be applied to clothing or a vest?
Does anyone know if this is BPA free?
What is the composition of this racquet?
Does it come with its own case?
Does this racket come with a 4" grip?
Hello. Does the racquet arrive already strung?
I am in need of some replacement parts, 2 shoes and some screws where do I go to order them?
can this be dismantled with ease? would it be ok to take it apart and put it together on a weekly bases?
What age is this recommended for?
How big is the box its shipped in?
which plates do you get? the red or blue
how many plates come in a pack?
Is this price just for 8 plates?
how many plates in a pack
How many in an order?
how many plates in package?
Do you have to fill it with helium? Or can you blow them with regular air?
What is the size when not inflated?
Is it a bright red color?
Could this be turned into a water balloon?
is it 3 balloons in this order? or is it $3.57 per balloon?
What are the specs on these servos?
Can these be modified to be continuous?
Are these digital and are they metal geared?
How long will they take to arrive
They are compatible with arduino?
Stall torque: 2.2kg/cm(4.8V) What is that in oz
These are 9g metal gear servos?
What is the rotation angle of the servo?
sir will they work on the wk master cp heli
I need to know if they will work on the WK master cp,I have heard they will with a little modifiying...
Is the height adjustable?
Is the whiteboard magnetic?
Are the buckets cloth or plastic? If cloth does the bottom have some kind of support?
Are the buckets cloth or plastic? If cloth does the bottom have some kind of support?
Is the whiteboard dry erase?
Why is it recommended for 8 yrs and up
Will this be a good height for a 2 year old?
What size is the roll of paper?
dimensions of drawing area?
Are the storage baskets removal, and is the easel foldable?
Will the pouches fit 8-10 crayons and 2 pencils?
Are they a true zipper or a zip lock type zipper?
can you tell me the diamentions of this cup? height width
Can this mug be baked after writing on it with a pen?
microwavable? dishwasher safe?
How many ounces does it hold?
Does it have a removable floor like a cozy coupe?
Where is this product manufactured?
What's the realistic height for a kiddo to be to use this, and at what height are they "too tall?" Thanks!
Considering ordering this for my 3,4, and 9 year old children. They love using blankets over the couch to make forts to play in. My youngest always knocks it down though. Is this sturdy? Will it stay up with a toddler in it? It almost looks to complex...
does it come with covers?
Does this come shipped in its own packaging - will kids be able to see what it is when it arrives on our doorstep?
This looks like a cool product but the price tag is about 3x's higher than I expected. Can anyone share a testimony of why this was worth $200?
Does the plastic contain BPA?
Do you know when you will have in stock?
Is the kit manufactured in the USA?
Is this product worth the price?
Do you have any fabric for the fort?
Do you have patterns for the cloth material that goes over it.
Is It leather or plastic?
does it have a belt loop?
Does this deck box have enough room for the yugiob cards in protective sleeves?
I am decorating my grandson's bedroom in a Lego theme &amp; I'd like to create an 8'x 8' wall space by attaching these. Mega blocks maybe?
Does it include the figures?
@ KAPLAN TOYS: Which is it? (1) 1 red 16x8 plate, 1 yellow 8x8 plate &amp; 1 green 8x8 notch plate OR (2) 1 red 10X5 plate, 1 green &amp; 1 yellow 5X5 plates?
can you use mega blocks on these
People reviewing this product state that the bean bags are "small"... so, how small are they?
Does it contain bean bags?
How big are the holes if I already have larger bean bags to use?
Is this 7 ft x 4 foot (and odd inches)
How does this stay up? Do you have to use nails to hang up? I have 12 bean bags bigger than 3 "; will they go through the hole? When the bean bag goes through the hole, do they fall on the floor?
How do you set it up indoors?
how much feet around is the tent
how big is the tent in feet
dimensions?
What are the dimensions??
Can you adjust the wheel speed or the height of the handles?
There is an Amazon warning saying "choking hazard, small parts, not for children under 3 years old". That is scary! Which small parts can detach?
Does this work on smooth wooden floors? We have wood flooring and I am worried that it will scoot out from under our little one.
Can a child sit in it and be pushed around? Also, is there some resistance to pushing it so that they can push as an early walker and not fall?
Does its use adjust as the child gets older. Until what age is your child still playing with this Wonder Walker? Thank you.
are the knobs, gears and balls plastic or wooden?
How well does this walker work on carpet?
How high is it? Will it be high enough for a tall 1 year old to learn to walk with?
Is there a lot of assembly required for this walker?
Is this good for taller babies? My little one is 30 inches tall.
How can this be safely cleaned without ruining it?
Does this kitchen come with any accessories?
What are the dimensions on this kitchen?
Does the kitchen come in pieces that need to be assembled? How big is the largest piece? Would it fit into a suitcase?
Does the kitchen come in pieces that need to be assembled or is it just one piece? How big is the largest piece? Would it fit into a suitcase?
What is the Hape box size?
nobody else has problems with the doors not closing properly? when I put it together it was fine.
nobody else has problems with the doors not closing properly? when I put it together it was fine.
Are the corners and edges of the cabinet doors sharp?
Is the sink removable?
Do the salt and pepper shaker make noise when you shake them?
What is the diameter of the plates and pots?
What does "made in USA or imported" mean?
is this adequate for 5 1/2 year old boy who wants a space center?
How do you make the elevator work? We installed this and the elevator keeps falling to the floor. Thanks!
I am in ensenada mexico, baja California, do you ship it to here?? and the cost or it is free shippning??
Are there any additional play pieces that you can order for this or does it come with everything that is pictured? Also, I'm thinking of getting this for my 2yr old daughter and I'm sure her 4yr old brother will also want to play. Enough stuff for them...
What is the difference between this item and the one listed for $130? They appear to be the same unless I'm missing something.
Does this toy come with the alien or do you have to buy the separate alien ship for that?
We are flying home after Christmas with the grandparents - if I have this delivered there, will I be able to disassemble it and put in a suitcase?
what are the dimensions?
does it come with instructions
I'd like to rearrange the beads in this, do you think I would be able to do that?
what are the dimensions?
Does this come with an instruction booklet on how to use the abacus properly?
Is it made in Germany?
how do you get these to fold? I feel like I need to see a video on this!
How many in a pack?
How large is the package when it is folded?
How large is the package when it is folded?
How large is the package when it is folded?
How large is the package when it is folded?
What is the diameter of the rings?
are they weighted?
Would this be good for the learning disabled?
Does the wand also act as a microphone?
does it take a battery because just received and test button doesn't work.
Is there a button to turn it on - or is it just pushing the green button to try it out.. I ordered as a gift and trying to get preview.
Just received, but the sound is staticky and gargled, even after I replaced the batteries. Has anyone else experienced this, or did I get a bad unit?
Is this good for a three- year-old?
Can kids sing into this so that it amplifies their voices, or does it just have instructions?
Does it comes in spanish?
Giving to grandchildren, does each need his own?
How it will get charge? Is it useful for 5 years old?
how much sand should I get?
Does the lid lock?
The product listings liss the size to be 61.7 x 47 x 13. Is this with the lid on or connected to the box
How much sand should I buy to fill the sandbox?
Would this work with pea gravel instead of sand?
why use sterilized sand?
Does rain water leak into this when closed?
In pounds, how much sand does it take to fill it?
What is the size of just the sandbox, not the lid?
what are the dimensions of the tallies?
How many deals do you have using tallies per round?
Are these used for duplicate bridge?
What is the table set-up? What was wrong with the progression?
What makes the tallies re-usable?
can it also be used in a pool
how tall is it
how tall is it
how sturdy is this. will it pop quickly?
Is it possible to use an Ipod touch or is the screen just too small?
Can you still use with ipad mini? I don't see the app in the App Store (as of Jan 2015)...
Can you play the game with a survival case on the iPad?? thanx.
is it compatable with I pad mini
Does it work on carpet
Is the lady bug too girly for a boy?
What is the piece on the bottom front that looks like it's supposed to hook to something?
does this product work well on carpet?
age
Anybody know where this toy is made? I know some other little tikes products (the coupe for example) are made in USA.
I am thinking about this item for my 14 month old can it go on carpet?
I would like to know if this goes well on carpet. How about an asphalt driveway?
Are these the front tires for the Rustler?
What size hex fits the tires?
Hello, is this for one tire or one set of 4? Thanks
how long do you think they would last
would they fit a 2 wd stampede
hi. is it 14 or 17 mm? tnx
Will the proline 118112 street fighter 2.8" fit on the traxxas slash 4x4 platinum
i have an 8x8 bounce around what size blower do i need
It says do not use extension cord with this fan but i really need to use one to connect from the generator to the fan whats best cord or way to do so
What is the size of the opening?
I am looking for a Air Blower for a Bouncy Castle size 157 cm x 147 cm x 163 cm, let me know it the W-2I is suitable and the size of the Diamater
how good is it for inflatable balloons
The end of my blower has a diameter of 4", what is the diameter for this blower?
Can I buy the switch of a bounce house blower without buying the blower
what are the plate dimentions?
Are these base plates, or can the you actually attach legos to both the top and bottom?
Do they fit to DUPLO?
What are the various sizes (in inches) of the plates?
What are the colors of the plates and how many of each plate are there?
I do not see the colors listed. What colors do you get?
What colors exactly do you get?
So how many bottles come in the set and what are the colors offered...any forest green? any flat white? any gloss black? What about olive drab or sunshine yellow...No one seems to be concerned about what colors are offered...what if this set contains...
Are the paints flat or gloss, and has anyone tried spraying these through an airbrush?
Is there a weight limit?
Are they sold individually or by the pair?
Can you please offer combined shipping, I'd like to buy 4 of these. Best regards, J Allen
Is there 2 in the pack or just 1?
What is the maximum size chain that will fit over the swing hook? I am installing an indoor swing with heavy-duty chains (not regular swing chains).
What is the holes diameter?
Reviewers mention mounting hardware. I have a 4x6 inch cross beam. How long are the bolts?
DOES THIS HOOK COME WITH AN I.D. TO SLIP OVER 1" TUBE?
Hi - I want to buy 4 pieces of Swing Kingdom Stainless Swing Hook but was hoping you could combine shipping for my order. Please let me know- J Allen
Does this bounce castle/house have a roof? I really can't tell,lol
would this be safe for 1 or 2 adults to jump with 4-5 kids at the same time bc my adult family likes to think theyre still kids sometimes lol
I would like to know if you are still happy with this purchase? I bought it also, have inflated it three times and it already has a large separation in the seam in the doorway at the bottom of the slide. I have three small kids, total weight under 120...
Does this come with a warranty?
if holding this magnifying glass flat against a map (w/ 1 hand while driving), does it still magnify or does it need to be lifted away from map?
Does the glass - or plastic - in this magnifier have a small area with greater magnification?
Is the lens glass or plastic?
What is the focal length of this lens? (i.e. how far do you have to hold it from the ground to condense sunlight into a point?)
Is this MG FOR LEFT HANDED USERS?
What kind of batteries does this magnifying glass take?
If the actual magnification is indeed 2X, why do you have 4X in the listing header? That seems misleading.
What are the deminsions of this magnifyer?
is this magnifyer as effective held in the right hand as in the left?
what are the dimensions of the lens ?
Can someone tell me measurements of the plastic money and card? Including the thickness. I'm hoping to buy or make a wallet that it'll fit in slots.
what age is this appropriate for?
We received this as a gift and my daughter likes it but the drawer is very hard to shut which frustrates her. Is this normal?
How do you make the coins come out of the built-in change dispencer?
What ages is this recommended for?
Do the coins come out on the side in the change dispenser or only in the drawer?
Can u purchase replacement coins/dollars?
How many coins/dollars come with this toy?
Is the register drawer supposed to make a noise when the drawer opens/lever is pulled?
What is the shipping time to Eastern PA?
In addition to the rope that runs around the tube's circumference, do these have the separate, single point of attachment for the rope to link tubes?
Can these be easily strung together for trips in the river?
What is the weight capacity?
Do these work for kids (ages 5, 7)?
Do these have two air chambers like the River Rat Tubes?
Do you use a regular bicycle pump to pump them up?
So you get four of these for $59.99?
Do you need a special pump to inflate them? We have basic pumps for air mattress and bike tires. Would one of those work?
With OJ's one day shipping answer to PA I just ordered for a pond party Sunday - today is Wed. Hope you are correct and they arrive in time.
Why is this $38.75 more on Amazon then on Lego.com?
My name is valeria and I want Lego friends and my dad is buying it so I want to ask coulod show us the inside?
Can this one be shipped to China?
how many horses come and dolls
This is only $99 from Lego.com. Why the high price?
We're made
Why is this set being sold for more than what it is on Lego.com? I just checked their website and it is still available for $99.99.
how many pieces does this have in it?
It suggests purchasing the Power Function Accessory Box along with the set. I am confused if you actually need this in order for this to operate?
is this worth paying 175$ for legos?
can 7year boy can assemble and run it
I am 26 year old, is it suitable for me? Thanks! Bought my last Lego set 10 years back...
is it infrared
How fast it can go?
How many total parts? tom
how many peices does it have
I assume the remote is wired?
Do you ship this product to India as well? In case of yes, then what would be the shipping charges and mode of shipping (USPS, DHL, FedEx, etc.)?
Is this battery or mains powered? Thanks.
I'm new to boy toys, is this remote control?
What area do these tracks cover once assembled?
What would be a good, inexpensive extra to get to add onto this track?
Does this set come with guard rails for the corners?
How many and what batteries are required
is it better to get the Start set for an 8-year-old or go straight to the Sport track?
does it stand on it's own (or needs support)?
can I float this on water like in a bathtub?
Is this waterproof ( not like I am going to drop it in a pool or bathtub ) ?
is this a model you have to assemble
is it big do i need to paint
What are the measurements?
Does this come as 4 separate kits? As I want to give it to each family to assemble.
May I change shipping to 2 - 3 days delivery? Our crossover is next weekend. And how much for the 4 unit? Thanx
Can anyone tell me if the arrow head is made of stone or something else Thanks
what is the length of the arrow?
Is this dog mechanical will it walk with you?
does it walk or just sit and stand?
Is this the official American Girl brand and is it still new in the box?
How wide are the cars? Thanks
Is this toy set directed more towards the 3-4 year old children? Is it too simplistic for a five year old starting Kindergarten next year:?
Some reviews say the elevator may break. Can it be used without the elevator?
Will the Kidoozie tracks snap together with the Mindscope Neo Tracks?
can you combine the kidoozie tracks? I already have the basic track and would like to purchase the on with the elevator.
Are there any lights on the cars as they move?
can you use hotwheel cars on this track or only battery operated one that come with the set
Were can I purchase additional wheels? The tread has to be there to use the elevator. The package did come with extra but we need more!
How many batteries does it use?
how do I get replacement balls for this game?
Does one player control the pitch and the other player controls the bat
do you control the bat, pitcher, and fielders
can one player play this or does it require two?
What age? Would an 11 yr old like it? He loves baseball.
how does the base running work
What material is the balls made out of? My one year old son got into his big brother's game and accidently swallowed one.
What size is the box in which this trike is shipped?
Does this come already assembled?
How would this hold if i just leave them outside? House is packed, would i be able to leave them outside in rainy days or store inside only?
this have sound?
Can this easily fit in the trunk of a car?
Does this product have the dashboard with sounds? The product description says it does but the photos don't show it
What size is this ball?
Does lot of 12 mean you get 12 items
Is it foam or gel?
is it bouncy?
what is the skeleton made of?????
is the jaw inged as well?
Does he sit well?
Are there 2 spring bolts in his pelvic area showing?
Can this skeleton ride shotgun on the back of motorcycle?
How does the skeleton fixate to the ground?
Are the toes fused together like in the picture or does it have gaps between them?
Hello, can this be disassembled, I want to make a bones wreath. Thanks!
What is the Correct Height of this? Description says 6 feet 3'' But this may be an error. Since Ive seen this elsewhere advertised as 5 feet 6''.
Is there any bend to the spine?
I think I have done everything right but the copter will not work. What do I need to do?
The copter came with a USB charging cable. How do I make sure the copter is charged but not overcharged?
it won't turn on
what do you plug the usb into
I just received a Saturn-X2CH metal ir helicopter as a Christmas gift. There are no instructions with the kit. What can I do. topom34@gmail .com
Can i put these in a Red Eyed Tree frog vivarium?
Mushroom terrarium
these mushrooms in your pictures aren't panellus stipticus. it is mycena chlorophos, they look diffrent
How long do the mushrooms last before they all die?
how long to ship this?
Is she allready assembled and painted? or do I need to paint her myself?
does the metroid come off of it's base
How can I be sure this is an authentic figure if it ships form china? Wouldn't that indicate that's it's a fake?
how many inches
Whats the radius of the bass she's standing on? I need to make sure she can fit in my display case.
how tall is it ?
What is the actual overall size and height of the Ty beanie boo giraffee
it says free shipping but when i go to order it says it does not qualify?
how big is it?
Does this animal have the sparkly eyes?
How big is it
There's no dropbox to choose which size. The Product Details say 5." The Product Description says 16." How do I know I'm getting a 16" giraffe?
what is the weight restriction
Is this trampoline approved for outside?
Does anyone know if the handle bar foam can be replaced?...say...if a toddler has torn with teeth?
Would this be okay for a 10 year old who is about 65 pounds? It would actually be purchased for my 30 pound 3 year old, but there's no doubt that her 7 and 10 year old sisters will want to use it too.
We live in a third floor condo. Will our downstairs neighbors hate us if we purchase this for our 1.5 year old?
do you have to attach the handle bar?
What are the adjustable handle heights?
what is the weight limit?
Can the handle be removed for use without the handle ?
Does it have 6 legs or just 4?
I have an 85lbs pit that loves the water. He likes to lay on his belly with his back legs stretched behind him, will the medium be big enough?
My Labradoodle is four months old and still chewing on everything. Will the side hold up to baby teeth?
We have a dog ready to have puppies. Would this pool work to contain them safely for the first 4 wks or so or does it require water to hold up sides?
How portable is this? My intention would be to carry this to the park, set up, tear down and carry home each day. Would this be feasible?
IS THIS ITEM DURABLE?
Does this pool come with the pump?
Picture says 47" diameter but description says 12". Can't buy not knowing this. Help?
shat are the dimensions of the small pool?
does it stand upright without water in it?
Do dog's nails cut the bottom fabric?
I need to soak my dog's feet in epsom salt, so I'll only want a few inches of water in the bath. Will this work?
What are the dimensions of the bed?
Does this dollhouse scale work with Playmobil people?
What is the length of the bed? Wondering if the doll house dolls I am ordering will fit on them. Thanks!
Are the doors by any chance magnetic, so we can decorate it with ABC magnets? I'd love them off my fridge ;)
what are the dimensions of the hape refrigerator and hape kitchen?
How tall is the fridge?
Does the fridge come with the food as shown in the picture?
its dimensions, weight
Does this set include the apron and hat or just the shish kabob set? Just trying to figure out what accessories to buy. Thanks!~
Where do I get the accessories of shish kabobo set and apron or BBQ related?
can this be kept outside on the deck next to dad's grill? What is it made of?
about how tall is this grill? would it be good for a 6 year old?
What are the dimensions of this Gourmet Hape Grill?
Is this an outdoor set? Will it hold up to the weather? Rain etc?
Where is this product made?
how can I purchase extra balls?
What are the balls made of - plastic? wood?
Can I seperate the xylophone?
Are these all terribly out of tune? Is it worth exchanging for another or are they all this way? Any way to tune it?
what is the size of the pounding mallet? I want to be sure it is too large to fit in my child's mouth so he won't choke himself.
where is it made?
if any body part comes off, will it be easy to put it back on?
I want to know if it comes in the retail box and whether or not its english on the box or japanese. thanks!
Wiil they make figure from metroid prime?
Does it honestly look as good as the stock footage?
Is there a cheaper one?
can you play with this?
where is the laser affect?
is this currently in stock ready to ship or is it a preorder? if so, when do you expect it?
How can you tell if it is a bootleg and how to tell if the figure is a original or re released figure?
does the box come shrink wrapped?
When I try to purchase these I was told you wouldn't ship out of the US,,,I live in Wyoming???
i really really want to have this , is there any possible way to ship this to where i am ? please :(
Why does the package in the picture say Rainbow Loom if they are not Rainbow Loom?
Do you combine shipping for multiple packs purchased? If so, at what rate?
are these the official rainbow loom bands?
how tall are the dolls?
Do these dolls stand up easily?
Are the Hape dolls compatible with the Melissa &amp; Doug dollhouse furniture?
Does anyone have a more specific answer on how tall these dolls are?
How tall are the dolls ?? Thank you for your time. Jean
how easy is it to make these dolls bend and sit and stand? Do they stay in the position in which you put them?
Do these dolls bend so they can sit in chairs and other furniture?
Do the clothes come off the dolls?
Which dolls fit in the fold &amp; go wooden dollhouse # 786...the natural one with the porch? Thanks!
How tall are the adult dolls?
Are these truly red? Do they stay red when stretched or look more of a dark pink when stretched?
How many rubber bands and c-clips are in this package?
Does it come with a stick?
Are these silicone bands and glossy?
I ordered turquoise and they look BLACK in the bag. I DO NOT want black...or will they turn to turquoise when they're in water?
How many packages is this for?
how many are in the package?
can you mix the colors?
How long will the pearls last after adding water?
Are these water pearls color fast? I used some purple ones once and they bled throughout the whole container? I like to mix clear with other colors.
Can you still leave them in water afterwards? looking to fill vases and them put water and real flowers in there
Approximately how heavy will the beads be once the water is soaked
Do they float in different levels or stay sink in bottom
plastic? acrylic? glass?
Would this work for a KidKraft manufactured dollhouse and family?
Oh, has anyone used this with a ryans room garage? Does it fit in the garage?
We bought the Hape Happy Family doll house When we unpacked it with her one of the stair cases was broken. can it be replaced?
Do Melissa &amp; Doug dolls fit in this car?
Has anyone used the plan toys family with the hape car? I am wondering if it will work for us since we have plan toys dolls?
Will the Melissa and Doug Victorian family fit in this car? They are 6 inches tall.
Will the fisher price loving family people fit in this car?
Can someone give me the exact measurements of the car? Im getting the M&amp;D dollhouse with the garage and need to know if will fit in the garage.Thanks.
Could Calico Critters fit in this car"
This car (and the Melissa &amp; Doug car) look really cute, but I wonder if they are a bit too baby-ish for a 3-year-old girl?
Is this the Bull Zord or The Deluxe Samurai Gigazord? The picutures don't match.
The description says this bull zord combines with other vehicles/zords to become the UItra Zord. Is the ultra zord the same as the Gigazord?
ok for a 3 yr old?
Age appropriate
what is the best perplexes
what age is recommended?
I tried one of these and the marble had a flat spot on it, so it didn't roll smoothly. Was this just a defect, or is a part of the challenge?
What stores sell this item
Am I missing something? The game I received doesn't seem to have a ball inside?
Want to buy this for a 40 yr old man Would it be not a good idea
age
Perplexux Twist Early Relaese?
for what age is this recommended ?
Does this make a good toy?
Is this plane sturdy? Does it break easily?
what are the actual dimensions of this Corgi p-51 plane? Thank you!
is this saber in a box and if so, what's inside?
Hi, its resistant for combat play?
Does it constantly make the humming sound?
Is the blade detachable? If so, how big is the blade piece alone?
Is it lined with lights or does it only have the bottom light
So, it glows red? How bright and saturated is the color? Also is it durable enough for hardcore practice of the classic seven forms and sparing?
how long is this product in inches?
i want to just hang this on my wall as a night light. would it be suitbale for that. can you turn the sound off n have ust the light on
this is ultimate fx right?
The title says Darth Vader Ultimate, the description says Skywalker Ultimate, reviewer disagrees with both. What exactly am I getting here?
does this guitar come prestrung or with a set of strings? if so what gauge?
where is it made?
Are the strings steel or nylon on this guitar?
Is this left handed or right handed?
Hi , How is the action ? , thanks. Gary
Does this guitar fit into Yamaha HC-AG1 Hardshell Acoustic Guitar Case?
What is the width of the neck, nut and saddle? And how many open frets and total frets please?
Would this guitar be too big for a five year old?
I have a friend that owns this model and he claims it has a shortened neck? Is the neck full size?
Does this come with the strap?
is the hilt or handle metal or plastic
Is the same as the blue Luke Skywalker?
One more question - where do i change the batteries? Lot of screws, not sure which one does the battery case?
My light saber is turning off and on by it self right out of the box. Any trouble shooting ideas before i return it?
Does this light saber have the three sounds? humm - in idle woosh - when swung crack - when hit against something
how durable is this one.... is it a good substitute for the real fx light sabors that are in the 100 dollar range ?
Seeing that it doesn't say it's the ultimate fx light saber is it
When the blade is lit up is it bright even in the day
Seeing that it doesn't say it is this the ultimate fx light saber
The product description says it's Darth Vader's red lightsaber. is that just an error?
The title says Luke Skywalker lightsaber but in the description it says The ANAKIN SKYWALKER ULTIMATE FX LIGHTSABER, which is it?
what color is the blade?
Does this have a metal or a plastic hilt?
The description says "Ultimate FX," and the photos are a mixture of both Ultimate FX and Force FX. So which one is it?
Is this from the Hasbro company?
the blade is removable?
how well does it cut through steel?
why dose luke have a green lightsaber
Is it safe to say that it's bound to be the right order witch is the saber but the right one witch should be green
Does the blade go inside of the hilt?
how long is the mic cord?
the CDG is worldwide or just USA, is gonna work in Brazil?
I just received this as a gift and the machine won't recognize the discs, not even the one it came with. I've tried all the tips in the manual. ?
Can I plug in my iPod/ iPad into the USB port? I would like to play songs from my mp3 player, or stream YouTube karaoke songs from my iPad.
Can you record your own voice and play back?
Can you record your own voice and play back?
Does this have inputs for more than 1 microphone?
does it come with a power cord or do you have to order that separate?
do you by a karaoke cd to put onto the machine?
can it be used without plugging it into TV? If I want to sign along to a tune recorded on a regular CD?
Will it work on windows 8?
Does Chess King with Houdini 2 work with XP? Yea I still use XP
will this game play on windows 8.1?
Windows 8
how do i upgrade to chess king 2?
how do you hang them?
how many lanterns are in this package?
how many come with it all 3 or one per purchase
What are circumference/diameter dimensions?
other colors? navy?
can they be lit? if so, any recommendations?
what is their size?
is it two with black backgrounds and white patterns and one different or is every package different?
do these light up????
What are they size? 9", 12" 15"......
do these include a lightbulb
What are the sizes?
How many come in a package?
How might I go about hanging them from my ceiling?
Is it really worth the money?
Do they have lights in the lanterns?
if I buy 2 different NASCAR cars can they race against each other or do they run on the same frequency
Does it contain charger and rechargeable batteries?
What frequency does this car use?
I'm confused. Are the dimensions 4 ft x 30 ft or 27.5 inches x 6.5 inches x 1 inches as stated in the description?
how do u get the fold out. i am using it for a churchplay and wondering how to get the folds out so it can look neat.
Would it block sunlight if mounted in front of a window? What kind of fabric/material is it?
I take pictures @ events and sometimes I need a different background to suite the occassion. Would it be a nice background for photos ? With NO glare in the pictures. Concerned.
Any suggestions on how to stick this and cityscape on a concrete wall?
what is the fold out dimensions? We want to use it as a photo backdrop and want to know the demensions
is this battery 3.7v
does it work with WL V262 quad?
Is this battery rechargeable? is so what charger do I need.?
Will this work on the DFD F183 Quadcopter?
what is the size of the 1000 mah in mm
does it work in the Ei-Hi S911C
Does anyone know if this will fit into a JJRC H8C? OR does anyone know of some less expensive upgraded batteries for the H8C?
Will this battery work with the Hak909 quadcopter?
Will this battery fit in a Syma f1 armor
What is the measurement of the battery?
Does it fit the iPad 1?
Which iPads does it fit?
can you use headphones with it?
Will this fit the smaller Ipad?
will this fit the ipad mini?
The language is only in english? o is possible will change to other how spanish?
Does it fit iPad Air
is the touch sensitivity hindered at all?
does it fit the Ipad Air 2?
does it fit an iPad mini
is this ok for a 5 year old?
could anyone who has bought this lightsaber recently plea tell me how many LEDs there are in the blade? ie how many can u count when the blade is on.
How bright are they? I am trying to do a college project with lightsaber effects and need a good glow for it!
Does this lightsaber have a removable blade
Does the QuiGon Jinn lightsaber light green? Thanks :)
I'm sure I already asked this or somebody probably did but dose it come with batteries and if it dose are they already in or do I have 2 put them in
Dose it look just like the picture
Just so I have extra batteries what kind does it take
Dose it come with the batteries it takes
Can you take off the blade to put on your hip?
Is there a bottom to the sandbox?
We live in Oregon and it rains most of the months. Is it okay to leave it outside or do you have to take all the sand inside?
Hello! How much sand does it fill?
I have an 8-yr old and a 5-yr old. Would this sandbox allow enough room for them and maybe a neighbor to play in?
does it come with a cover for the sand to keep the cats out
How long did this take to put together?
how many 50 lb bags of sand would I need to fill this?
What are the actual dimensions of the sandbox? I can't believe that is not stated in the description. Thanks!
How durable is the sandbox? We live in Illinois, and have rough winters, so wondered if anybody could provide input on the quality of wood/durability?
How much sand does it take to fill this sandbox?
Is Metal Fusion just the name of the line or are they made of metal?
Does the starter kit have stickers?
is this beyblade real
can it beat orion
isnt it the same spin track and tip as flame byxis
Is it a tornado bey?
Hello! I want to know the material of the beybley and how many models you have available for sell, I want to buy some models.... let me know please...
how do it change modes?
What actually comes in this "starter set"? Is it just the spinning wheel thing as it looks like from the picture? Does it include a rip cord?
what is the difference between this baybladle and the hyperblades
i ordered this giraffe a year ago for my new born baby. but the music is either not play or play too fast. if it's something fixable????
what song does it play?
What tune does the giraffe play?
What song does it play?
What is the song?
What is the song it plays?
Does the figure turn into "Big Bang Punch" mode? (basically can the wings close in around the body to form a fist?)
Does the figure includes the wings?
Hello. Please could you tell me which is the size of the figure? Thank you
Hello. I have a a question about this figure. Metal is the body?. Thank you
What is the size of the robot ?
Just curious if the item comes in the original package(box).
What size battery does this take?
One more question were they played with at all and can you combine shipping if I got two thanks for your patience.
Hi I was woundering how many do you have to sell and are the items used also do you ship to Canada? Thank you.
If it says anything does it say it in japanese or english
Does it have BPA or formaldehyde in it?
What are dimensions?
How many cups does the table come with...I see 2 children each using one in the picture but the accessories shot only show one
is there a drain for water?
Do the parts fall off easily? I have a 15 month old boy. It would be hard if the green bucket etc keeps falling off whe he tries to pour water.
I would like to avoid sunbursn, can umbrella be attached to the table? Also, is there a cover to put on once play is over?
Does the wheel spin fast? The water wheel version has the wheel spinning fast as per videos? This doesn't seem to be spinning fast comparatively.
Does anyone know if this is a better choice compared to the wild whirlpool or the water wheel versions?
what accessories are included?
Where is it made?
How many balls come in the package? How big are they?
There are 2 prior questions asking how many balls are in a package. The answers supplied are 4 and 6. Please clarify which is correct. Thank you...
How many in this package
How many balls come in a pack?
What are the measurements?
Do these lids screw on or snap on? Are they secure?
Is this 12 cups plus 12 tops/straws, or 6 cups/top/straw units?
Is this rechargeable batteries or do we need to place seperate batteries for running this?
can you use with the android?
can you use it outside
Does anyone know if this helicopter is compatible with a kindle powered by android?
Where did you find the v switch tracks for this station...all the comments online when you search v track, say NOT compatible with Knapford station
Does this station talk? It looks just like the one that does but no one mentions it???
Does the box say "talking railway series"
Is this toy hollow?
Is this too heavy to be used as a cake topper?
What is this made of?
I want the red eye dinosaur from the land before time. Is this him
How sturdy is the movable lower jaw?
what are the dimensions?
What size is this?
Where are these made?
why do they call it the one eye dinosaur
Can this accessorie kit be used with the leap pad 2??
We have a Leap Pad 2 Power will this work on it?
the answers say it can be used with the leappad 2 but is this true? They look a little different
I am buying the leap pad Ultra, thus the Gel skin in the in the package fits, or I have to buy an separate one.
will this fix the utlra leap pad
how do you put it together. the instructions show it just it put together with holes and plasic pegs. am I missing something?
Does anyone know what kind of material the mat is made of? I've tried emailing PlanToys but the never respond.
How tall are the dolls?
Did anyone have a good experience with this product?
Can this be used as a bedroom "wallpaper"? I live in an apartment and cannot paint the walls.
Is this a backdrop that I can use for an outdoor party?
Hi! Could you pls confirm how long is the product? Is is 30tf long ?
The Product Dimensions lised are: 51.5 x 6 x 0.5 inches. I assume the 6 is in feet, correct?
what are your measurements?
How does it arrive? rolled or folded? I recently got one that was folded and bent on itself and damaged, I don't wanna do the same mistake again.
Could i use metallic markers on this for a kids party? I was thinking they could graffiti it up with the markers.
Is the sky purble or blue?
Does this banner contain latex?
What size is this?
May I to attache a video camera? has place to do it? if yes which one?
Can someone advise if this is already put together and if not how much assembly there is?
Can someone help me with a recommendation on a flight simulator that is compatible with this helicopter?
spooling up..mid stick seems to loose almost all rotor head speed. gears are good shaft is good.dont think is mech .
Is this a beginner level heli?
Will the controller that comes with the Parkzone Champ work with this plane?
Does the plane have ailerons?
which mode (1 or 2) is this compatable with? I want to make sure I buy the right transmitter.
What is a transmitter and where can I get one?
how many channels are there ?
does this plane break very easily and is it easy to fix
Is this good for a begginer?
does it come with the charger?
what is the wing span?
I dont have a car, is there any other way i can charge this thing?
Does it have the remote control?
i have a problem that almost any time i try to turn it turns to hard and goes into a nose dive, how can i stop that from happening
i crashed mine and it dented the side of the nose in, how can i fix it
I see someone recommended an extra battery - what kind of battery does it take?
Hi all...i want to get my 13 yo son a RC plane. I thought it might be a hobby he would enjoy. can anyone recommend a starter for a complete novice?
Hey, I have the transmitter that comes with the Champ RTF Hobby Zone, will it works with it?
doe's it run on fuel?
Hi, I am considering buying the DX5e transmitter as a first transmitter, will this aircraft bind to it? Also, what is the wingspan?
Don't you think they should have made the plane bigger?
I have an FS-T6 transmitter, Will it work on this plane? Also what battery should i buy?
my charger always flashes red for a little bit but then the green light starts flashing as well. why won't it charge
Does anyone recommend a battery upgrade that's more then 180 mah? All I can find is a 430mah which is a bit too big. I can mod the battery connections
Am I the only one whose Carbon Cub keeps going in circles on the ground?
Would this be a good second aileron plane?
how big is it?
Also what is it made of
Does it actually lock?
Will this work for an American girl doll
how big is it
How big are they?
are the fins on the top hard or squishy?
How many fish are included? It says 12 dozen, I am wondering if it is a typo/
What colors are included? Only the four pictured?
do they float?
I have so many of them now. What projects can I do? I only needed four originally.
are these soft? Hollow in the middle?
Can you tell me how big these fish are? I want to use them in a game. They have to be a good size
Are you getting more in?
How many of each color do you get? Are packages consistent if i buy two? I have a project in mind and need about eight of same color.
How many bags brings the package?
How many come in a pack?
How many bags come in each order?
is there actually 72 dozen individual packages of these coins?
What images are on both sides of the coins? Need this for a special theme, so want to see if they will match.
are there 12 coins per package because that would make your total of 864 coins accurate? i am not trying to upset you hippo tails please believe me .
why does my mathematical total amount of coins come to 124,416 versus your 864? from what i know there is 144 coins per individual package of coins.
is there 72 dozen packs of 144 coin packs or not? if not can you put a disclaimer about that please?
How many total coins?
Where are these balls manufactured? China?
Is the size closer to baseballs, softballs or somewhere in between?
Can this ball handle being thrown against the wall (side of a building) with a good rebound or is it too soft?
what is the weight of each ball?
is there a difference in makes
why does this say for two year olds and all the others say three year olds. Thanks
How is the special edition car different from regular plasma car?
Is this identical to the Plasmacar brand? Does it have a yellow circle on top in the middle of the handles?
Does it have the polyurethane wheels?
you get 72 flags?
Are they printed on both sides?
size?
How big are they? I cant seem to find the dimensions.
WOULD I BE ABLE TO STAKE THEM IN THE GROUND?
What size are they?
What size are these?
what material is made this container?
how many in a package?
How many containers come in this order?
how many invitations are in a pack? thnx.
how many come in a pack?
how many invitations are in the pack?
Can someone look at the label and tell me where it was made? Thanks!
Does anyone know the inside circumference of the hat? thank you!
Will this fit a 13 month old baby?
Will this fit a 13 month old baby?
What color is the hat
My son's going to be three months old. His head size is in the lower percentile for his age (less than 50%). Would this be way too big on him?
Was this made in China?
What are the dimensions on the head width
made in USA?
You have the dimensions of the package?
How can I find replacement part for the balls and the sorting pieces?
Will this work without the top red arch? So the toddler can just walk through vs. crawl? Thanks!
BPA free?
THIS TOY BOX SIZE?
I use 4 E-Flite 2200mAh 3S 11.1V 30C LiPo, 13AWG EC3. Do I need to buy 4 EC3 to banana plug adapters?
does this come with anything other than the charger, if so, what
Is it possible/advisable to use a 500w computer power supply that I have laying around with this unit, or am I just being silly?
I want to charge multiple batteries, connected in series. Are the different outputs actually isolated? I know I would need a custom wiring harness.
what is the difference between this and the x4 ac plus
I have 4 venom 5000mah 11.1 3s 50c batterys. Will this work?
does this come with octopus leads? if so, how many?
how large a power supply is needed?
can I plug my balance connector directly to this charger or do I nee separate balance boards?
does it come with ALL four charging cable sets or just two?
what is the age recommended?
Is it magnetic? If not, was it difficult to play in the car?
Can the driver play (safely) while driving, or does it require too much of your attention?
Ive never had a Spot it game. But Ive seen kids playing it. Can the Spot It on the Road version be played in the car and at home at the table?
I have been considering buying a Spot-It game. Which one version is most versatile for home and on the go?
When driving on a trip, could a 4 year old use one card and match a picture with something on the road?
For what ages?
How is the jr version different from the original version (that got over 2000 positive reviews)?
What age groups?
What ages is this game appropriate for?
Is it too easy for a 4 year old who already is good at identifying and picking similar things out: similar to the spot it books?
Suitable for a 4 yr old?
Can I put together 2 sets of these cards to prolong the game? My concern is that I'll end up with duplicated cards. Will the game be less fun?
can you play the junior game more than one way
How many can play at a time?
What age range is this for? My granddaughter is 2.
Flight Time: Are there any helicopters appropriate for 5-7 year olds with a flight time longer than a few minutes, but still durable?
can not get the reciever and transmitter to bind or sync together
Is the single propeller harder to fly then the dual propeller
how long do the batteries last
What do the modes mean ? Mode 1 and mode 2 ? I don't see any diff in how the bird works in these two modes.
Shoul i buy new version battery or old version for this heli?
Can we purchase additional battries
Can it fly outside?
does this heli have led lights for night flying
Can you fly 5 of these at the same time?
How many count comes in one pack ? 9.99 for one Blow-Out seems very high - no wonder no one is buying this product without such information
How many in a pack?
Do these make a sound when you blow into them?
Once unfolded, how tall are the big thomas/percy posters (not including the 'happy birthday' banner)?
What the size once it's folded?
how is this item shipped? rolled up?
where is this shipping from
if I order today (San Diego) how quickly will it make it here?
What is the size of this banner?
what size is this "giant" banner??
What is the banner made out of? Thin plastic, or a thicker vinyl? Thank you.
What is it made out of?
Is this something you can paint on your entire body and be covered (like a liquid latex)? I'm working on a Mystique costume....
Did this paint dry on, or was it still greasy after applied?
How much skin does this cover? and I need a light blue color is there a way I can get this lighter?
Would this be a good product for a Braveheart Halloween costume?
I plan on painting my chest red, white, and blue for Bastille Day. How many bottles of each color do you think I'll need? Is a bottle of each enough?
is this the kind of paint i can smear on my body, roll over a canvas, and have a paining that will maintain being a painting on my wall for years?
Is this paint one that you can do an intricate design with, say if you wanted something done in henna style but in color?
Is this makeup smudge/sweat proof?
How much is needed to cover two people? HOw many tubes?
what size of clothes
does she have full arms and legs
Would you mind telling me the shipping weight? Thanks
Can her legs unbend
Is this doll all vinyl?
Does it breathe
Does the mouth of Toothless open and close?
How long does shipping take? Some people say it comes very soon, others say it takes over a month. I hope to get it before the new movie
Why is an order for Toothless taking 8 weeks for arrival? If it is going to ship from China and take that long, shouldn't customers be notified prior to ordering?
Is it really 17'' long? Some videos online and people say it's extremely small, and I don't want money wasted on something a toddler can hold
does it come with 4 packs
are their ex cards in them?
how many cards are in a pack
how many packs does it come with?
what inside
Why 1 stars
does it only have one pack
so when you go to the drop box for the quantity if i was to buy 10 packs your still charging $1.99 for each pack?
does it come with all 4 for 2.65+1.99
What color is this? Pink or yellow? Thx.
How thick is this insulation?
does this product have a vapor barrier?
Is this good for a 6 year old boy???
Can someone confirm the power source please? One reviewer says it takes 3 AAs, another says it's electric.
Is this product really loud? We have tried others where the motor and fan are so loud you can barely talk while playing.
How many batteries does this Air Hockey Table take?
How many bags is 1 order?
how many are in a pack?/
How many bags come in a package?
Is this doll weighted? Does it have a magnetic pacifier?
Are her arms and legs 3/4 vinyl or only vinyl below the elbow and below the knee? Does she come in the long pink box or the see-through front?
how long did it took for her to arrive:) also does she come with a birth certificate. what did you named her?
what size of clothes does she wear I am getting her next week:) also what does she come with?
Does this doll come in a nice exquisite box or a retail display box? Thanks.
Does she come in a diper
Is this doll weighted? Does it have a magnetic pacifier?
Are her arms and legs 3/4 vinyl or only vinyl below the elbow and below the knee? Does she come in the long pink box or the see-through front?
how long did it took for her to arrive:) also does she come with a birth certificate. what did you named her?
what size of clothes does she wear I am getting her next week:) also what does she come with?
Does this doll come in a nice exquisite box or a retail display box? Thanks.
Does she come in a diper
how many were in the pack?
how many in a pack
whats the dimension?
can be viewed the in side part of the truck? so, can open de dors?
Can I specify that I want a black one
Are the instructions printed in English?
is this shipped in USA?what would expected delivery to New York
How many hours does it take to complete the model (not including painting)?
Is this kit build from scratch or are some of the subassemblies already put together?
What is the approximate number of pieces.
Will this work with a CD player?
Is it remote or require a plug-in?
I want to know if this microphone will just amplify my daughter's voice without having the music playing. She likes to make up her own songs.
One picture shows the pink rock microphone as stated in the title, another shows the white Princess and the Popstar microphone as listed in the description. Which one will I be getting?
I bought 2 but one doesn't play music. Only has a faint light. I didn't want to open them as they are gifts. Could it just be the batteries?
Will this work for a karaoke machine?
Does the mic have a speaker? I want to use it with an ipod shuffle that doesn't have its own speaker.
We bought this microphone and when we connect it to her iPad it plays the song for a few minutes and then says bye-bye and turns off. Help! Lol
Installed songs come out fine, silence when plugged into iPhone. Did I miss a step?
Will it work with an iphone?
Would a four, almost five year old like this toy or is too childish?
Is wonder woman sold separately?
What are the recorded phrases?
can anyone please give me an approximate size on the pinwheels? Thank you
how long are the sticks that hold the pinwheels?
what are the dimensions of the pinwheels? thank you
hi i would like to know how much would you charge me for 20 berets and if they will fit for a 10yr old party, thanks
Everyone is saying they are great for kids. I want to know if they will fit adults?
would these fit a two yr old? Thanks
Are the colors in the picture the only colors they come in?
Can I purchase 2 doz black berets? Black only? Thanks!
says one left, does this mean one bulk order left?
what size are they?
Do you have burgindy?
What colors are in the dozen ??
CAN I CHOOSE WHICH COLORS ARE SENT????
can you take the rifle out of his hands
does this fit well into the warthog?
How tall is it?
Are the joints easy to move?
does it include the sniper rifle
are the knees, legs, elbows, shoulders, and head, and feet flexible?
is this 12 inches?
how big is the master chief.
Feet move =
Is his head on a ball hinge or is it stationary?
Are these marble sized or smaller, or bigger?
Do you send these items to New Jersey in the us
Before I buy this product I would like to know if they break easily
Hello, you send to Brazil?
are they big
Are they acrylic
How many cups are included?
How many cups come in one package?
How many cups are included in each order?
how many cups come in one package?
How many cups does it bring
how many pieces does the package have ?
Is there some shooting stars in the starry sky mode?
Do all the scenes have the border with the tree silhouettes or can that be turned off?
Hi , are you located in Japan? just wondering can this item be shipped to Australia?
I just got mine but everytime i turn it on the sun par comes on how do i switch between the modes
Where can I obtain an English manual for this product?
What is the function of the small button at the side of the battery cover at the bottom of the unit? is it for resetting to manufacturing default?
Does it produce still pictures? Or like a short clip of something like a video
What battery does this use? I searched " 4 AA 3 &times;" batteries, but could not find anything. Are these batteries available from any store? Thanks
Where are Manhattan toys made? In what country?
In the Peach version of this doll, she has a diaper, does this doll come with a diaper too?
wash
do you feel the part taht makes the sound
How is this Stella doll compared to the Peach that doesn't have a sound? Is it not as snuggly because of the sound box &amp; velcro opening?
Where is the battery pack located and how is it concealed?
What are the chances that the magnet around the doll's mouth could be removed?
What are the measurements for this doll?
does this manhattan baby stella come with blonde hair?
Does it play entire songs or just clips? What songs does it play?
can you sing into the microphone without using their music. Grey loves t sing to everyone and want to know if you can hear just her voice.
does it record the childs voice?
how many songs does it play?
does it require batteries
For what age is this microphone for
what songs
My daughter has the fun loving grand doll house what is the difference? Is there more room vs the old one?
The secret room is stuck in the up position. It doesn't seem like it easily slides up and down. Is there a trick to it?
What the size of fisher price loving dream huose
What is the difference between this dollhouse and the Loving Family Dollhouse?
Why is the African American family house more expensive than the Caucasian family house?
The batteries have gone out in my daughters dollhouse and I dont know where they go. She got the dollhouse for christmas by a family member
Can you tell me how many inches tall the adults and children for the doll house are?
I've seen lots of reviews mentioning that the Loving Family furniture is too big for this house. How much of a problem do you think that is? Thanks!
The Chandelier in the downstairs area does not turn. How do you turn on the chandelier?
Is this FP Loving Family dollhouse interchangeable with the Happy Together family dolls with respect to size, accessories, etc?
is it waterproof? My 4 yr old will want this in his tub.
Do you think this is good for a 2 year old?
Where can I get replacement "water" for the cannon? It comes with three which were promptly lost.
What songs does it play? Specifically trying to figure out if it plays the "You're my Best Friend, Bucky" song...
Is this too heavy for a 3yo to carry and make "fly"? In hindsight, would you recommend this or the Lego Duplo Bucky ship?
Can you turn off the sound?
what is the different between standard packaging and frustration free packaging?
language phrases are in Spanish or English?
language phrases are in Spanish or English?
Are any of these puzzles for 9 year old boys? My grandson broke his leg and want to get him something different,, loves pirates
Is the linge hinged? Can it hold objects? Of so, of what size? Maybe small toy cars?
How many pieces?
is this paper, plastic or wood?
is this a vintage/discontinued product? Can you purchase other parts, like extra tracks and extra cars?
How much track comes with the train set?
How many and what size batteries does this toy use?
Can the train drive along the floor alone without the track?
Is this train G-scale and compatible with LGB track?
will the tracks lay flat on a low pile carpet or does it have to be on the floor?
do you sell extra track
I have always had lionel but looking to get something for my kid to use. How does this train hold up? Do you need more track? Quality of build? Help!
are the tracks and trains comparable with Lego Duplo tracks?
Is this set Made in Germany or China?
Could someone please tell me how tall the adult Playmobil doll figures are in inches? Thank you.
Does it come with furniture? I just saw one advertised that had magnetized furniture so it could be moved
Is this house made of plastic or wood?
Can this dollhouse be broken down so that it could carried in a suitcase?
Will my other Playmobil people and accessories fit in this house or is everything smaller to fit in the house?
Can a 3 year old maneuver this toy in the tub?
How many pieces does it have?
can kids play with it in tub
This ballon must be filled with helium? Or can be filled with common air?
If I order it right now will it be here by July 26th 2014?
if i order today will it arrive by the 28?
The balloon is inflated alredy? or a box is deflated?
Its come with gas heliom or not?
How do we take the air out from the 54" Disney Minnie Airwalker Jumbo Balloon ?
Does the heart come with a stand?
how to put red crystal heart puzzle together
whats the dimentions of the heart after it's put together? I'm trying to find a wooden box to place the hart in.
age recommendation?
Do the doors open and close?
Does this have seatbelts?
How long does it take to charge the battery and how long does it stay charged during use?
What are the dimensions of the windshield? wanting to have a decal made for it.
can you buy an extended warranty
how much weight does it support?
The Yellow mustang seems to list more features. Does this have exactly the same features as the Yellow mustang&gt;
I Have a 6 year old? Is it too small?
do the head lights turn on
do the headlights work?
how many amp is the esc?
what is the size apecifications
Does this come with the remote transmitter?
In some reviews I see that the set cames with a baby, but I just learned from the manufacturer that only models E3459 come with baby and older models E3457 do not. This listing indicates the older version, so if I order will I receive the baby or not?...
What are the dimension of the crib (in inches?)
Is this set light blue or light purple. Not clear on my computer screen ?
Do you sell the complete furniture set as a package - as mentioned in your product description? If so, what is the price?
Does this set come with a baby? We got the dollhouse and people set for my daughter but there was no baby. Just wondering how to get the actual baby?
Would this be "compatible" with a KidKraft manufactured dollhouse?
What size "baby" (inches) is the crib and furniture made for?
What size photos does it hold?
What size photos does it hold?
What size photos does this album have? 4 by 6?
is this include everything that show in images ? like the light part ?
Will I get the extra parts? if yes, from which sellers?
Is this the Authentic Version?
Does this come with the corrected parts?
- Is the item durable?
Does the microphone attachment come with the keyboard or bought separately?
Does this keyboard play any Christmas songs?
Can you plug it in, or does it just take batteries?
What are the programmed songs on this keyboard?
Can you use headphones with this?
When you record can it also record the microphone/your voice or just the keyboard?
How long will the helium last in the tank? Can you use for multiple events over time?
Can you fill more than one air swimmer (Angry Birds) with a single tank?
How do you seal the filled balloons so as not to lose the helium in them?
What color is the ribbon that it comes with?
Does the tank come with balloons and ribbon
When we got this, tested it filling a balloon - it barely lasted 2 hrs. We knotted it well and tied it off with ribbon. Did we do something wrong?
Float time for foil and for latex please?
how large is the tank? 8.8 or 14.9 f3
is the tank refillable?
I want to fill between 6-8 round 10-12" helium balloons; will the tank be enough/
how tall is it?
I just order mine and I was just wondering why there is no bat symbol on the base in the pictures?
I just bought the statue. Is every buyer having the same difficulty in attaching the statue's feet to the base?
Is there a limited number made? Like 1 out of 2500?
Is this an actual Statue or made of some type of plastic like PVC?
How can I get the blue version???
does it have a light?
Does it use DCC (digital command and Control) or is it still just transformer style?
what controls does it have?
Does it have smoke and whistle capabilities?
Bought w/ Bachmann graduated trestle set for the kids, but the train only gets over the 2nd trestle at high speed. Anyone else have this issue?
Would it be good to set up under a Christmas tree?
Does this set use the "cheap" Santa Fe F9 without the yelow band on the front of the locomotive, or does it use the more prototypical "Spectrum" F7?
Does this N scale train use the old rapido couplers or newer type Bachmann knuckel couplers?
I'm a beginner. Can you add straight track to a circle to form an oval? What would I need for a 32" x 22" oval? Can I do that with EZ track?
Whats the difference between the N scale train and the Ho train
is the transformer input 220V or 110V?
will this train fit around a Christmas tree?
How big is it?
how big is it
what is the exact size ?
How many eggs are in this bulk multicolor pastic egg assortment?
how many eggs do you receive
How many eggs are in the set?
Does it arrive to buyer fully assembled ? If not, how much assembly is required ?
What is the scale of this item?
Are you really charging $53.51 for shipping for this item?
Does the remote control operate the boom, stick and bucket as well as the tracks?
do the eyes wobble when they are not being posed, and is he durable? Also does the mask come off to easily and are any parts not sturdy?
What is the height, either in cms or inches, of this figure?
How tall is this figure?
Is the sash / feather on his head removable/ can it be adjusted/moved?
What type of cell batteries does this use exactly?
Is material resin?
I just received this and trying to get the motion activation feature working and it's not. I definitely have the switch in the correct position?
how tall is it
It say "damaged packaging" does this mean just the box is damaged, or is the figurine damaged as well? Please let me know asap
Will you ship to Australia? If so, what are the shipping costs?
What exactly do you need to assemble?
Can you let me know what kind of material? plastic or steel?
How many players?
What are the dimensions of the box? No way it's 0.5" as stated by Amazon.
is it acceptable for 9-10 year old boys
What are the heights of the pieces? I know the leaders are larger than the other pieces, but I'm curious about the rest. 1/4"? 1/2"? 1"?
is this a new and un opened game?
Would this fit some adult heads or is it way too small for any adult?
Does this fit 3-4 year old kids? Will these hats be appropriate for 3-4 year old kids for a dance themed birthday party?
are these hats neon colors?
How many balloons can be filled?
Is this 100% helium or 50/50%?
how many of the large 36in balloons will a tank fill?
Will this tank fill Mylar ballons
Does the balloon adaptor come with it ?
How many 36" balloon will it fill? Give a estimate
Is helium included with the tank?
How many cubic feet of helium are in this tank?
How many 36" balloons will this tank fill?
how many balloons does it fill?
does any water come in or completely dry?
30 lb feisty beagle. Should i go with the small one instead?
Is this something a person can use when the dog is left at home? For the price, I want something that both my dog and I can use.
I have a golden retriever 9 months old, she weighs 50 pounds. Should I go with the large?
what is the package dimensions for this when shipped? I would like to take with me on airplane
We just put this house together and the shower door keeps coming off. Does anyone else have this same problem?
is it durable?
I WANT TO KNOW IF THIS INFORMATION IS ROGHT. It's Weight really 24 pounds. Shipping Weight: 24 pounds-
wht kind of batteries re necesary?
does this come with all the furniture?
how can we fix the fact that the chandelier doesnt light, the shower doesnt sound and the fireplace wont light up?
How do i get the fire place to light up and make the crackling sound? Also the timer on stove how do i make it work?
Can someone please measure and tell me the actual assembled dimensions (length x width x height) ? Is it really only 7" deep????
Is there a difference oher than the color between the pink one. Is one a newer version?
Trying to decide whether to "pull the trigger" &amp; purchase this for my granddaughter age 5. Is there a difference between othe
For how long does the car run on charged batteries?
How long does it take for a car to charge?
Need to purchase extra car, which one is compatable with stunt park
Will these cars run on standard hot wheels track also?
can these cars be run on hot wheels regular orange or blue track?
does the total control racing stunt park set come with a charger? it dose not show one.
Can you expand this track set?
Are special hot wheels cars needed to run on this track?
what kind of batteries are needed and how many?
What is the footprint of this set? Seems like if I set it up on a piece of plywood it will be much easier to move.
Is it easy to assemble?
Does this track work with Matchbox cars?
where do you get the extra cars?
Can this connect to other tracks?
is my 2 year old son to young for this ? He loves cars, and is always playing with them...
Can 2 tracksets be connected to one another to create 1 large track?
how do you get the cars to exit the vertical loop and go into the rest of the track area while it is running?
There are 2 different tracks in the pics, one shows RSN stickers on green house, and the real one has World Grand Prix stickers, Which is correct set?
Which car does it come with?
Does it work with any other cars? Knowing my son he'll put all his matchbox cars on it too.
Will the Planes Micro drifters work on this track as well?
What size batteries does it takes
Does it need batteries?
How many cars extra should you have for this? Is it worth it to buy the large pack of 8 extra cars or is the 3 pack enough??
does it really work
How long has this lasted for you? Years ago many people had broken parts etc... Is that still happening today?
does this come with ballons?
does a filler with a turn-off spigit come with?
Does this screw on to the end of the hose?
What type of balloons came in the package? I want to buy more of them
Do you have to tie balloons
Does this attach to a standard sink faucet or only hose? Thanks!
They said this works on regular balloons, not just water. Is this true? I have a lot of balloons I fill with helium.
Where can I buy them in 12572 area
Do these match up with Lincoln Logs????
are they made in the U S A
How many of each size piece is there in this set?
please tell me the length of this?
what is the size?
will it stick to concrete?
Can you put this on a bedroom wall for a decoration?
is this strong enough to walk on? more then once? i want to but it in a hallway that will have peopl on it twice a week for 4 weeks. would this hold
Can this be trimmed down easily? I want to use it partly as a table runner and part on the floor.
Do you think this could stick to carpet?
Would this be sturdy enough for kids to drive on with ride on cars?
What is the maximum diameter of these balloons?
Does this item include the strings as well?
do you ship quickly? party date is may 31st.
is this item shipping to suadia arabia free
12 dozen should mean quantity is 144. Another product listed the quantity as 12 dozen-only provided 12 sticks and cups. ALSO R sticks solid or hollow?
Will these work with mylar baloons?
what is the length of each stick?
How wide are the sicks? 1/4 inch?
do you get 144 sticks and 144 cups?
Can these be used with balloon clips, or is that unnecessary? I will be doing 144 balloons in one day and I need it to be easy to set up.
i am looking for sticks to attach to martigrau plastic masks. would these balloon sticks work?
How many do you get - 12 or 12 dozen (144)?
How wide? Are they hollow? I need basically a strong straw but about that width (1/4") but don't bend/crunch so easily. What do you think?
I purchased this item today and didn't pay attention to the size of the balloon cup. Do you have cups that fit 5" balloons?
Can I order all clear sticks and cups?
Are these 24 inches in length or only 15.5 inches as described?
what is the length?
do we get 144 sticks and 144 cups?
Do you actually get 144 sticks? I don't want 12 only like some people got. There are different reviews some with 12 stick some with 144.
What is included in the set?
HOW MANY TILES ARE IN THE PACKAGE?
Can only two people play this game.
Are Mexican Train scorepads included?
How many trains in the set?
Are the numbers recessed? Do score sheets come with it.
Does the hub have a little ridge to set each train on or is the hub flat so the trains don't keep sliding off the hub while you're playing?
Does this hub have a button and make a train sound?
wondering what size these dominos are and also the thickness. Are they at least 3/8". What are they made of?
what does it mean when they say it is a 2 - in - 1 set
Is it me or is his helmet warped? Hope I didn't get a defective one!
Is he mint in box
is this the freeze i should go with with the robin killer croc and others from the arkman city figures
is this a good figure to get? and what is the difference in this figure and the multi universe one
I have posted a couple pictures of Freeze's helmet under the product images. Has anyone else had this problem?
Hi is this the original release or the improved reissue version?
What is the height
can you glue the arm
Is the figure in a sealed box?
Does her Pacifier Come out of her mouth?
what does she smell like ??????????
Does Coco have a soft body?
Is her body movable?
how big is this monkey doll
Is she cuter than Umi?
Is it 1:87 scale for a train layout?
how long in length and do the doors open and close
what is the size of this bus?
Do the doors actual open?
need to know the size/measurement
Can I use it for a ho scale streetcar layout?
What's the age group?
Is this swing made in the USA?
For What ages would the swing be most appropriate?
I want to get this for a friends special needs child. It looks like it would be much harder to fall out of than the others??
Can a child get the swing moving without help, without another person pushing?
Buying this to replace a broken swing on my kids swing set. Will I have to buy an attachment to hook into the holes used for the swing?
Is it magnetic?
The measurements of the case here seem very big for a travel game - could someone give me the measurements of their travel Quirkle please.
how large is each tile?
How much smaller are the travel tiles? I know they are 3/4 inch but how big are the original tiles?
What material is used to make the tiles ?
how many can play?
how do you play this game?
should i get this or the normal version for double the price? I'm leaning toward this, But not sure...
Is the light white or red?
will it a full grown head (of a teenager)?
does this come with battery? ready to go?
I noted that this requires a "button" battery? What kind? There appears to be several batteries called button
Does this use the regular size hot wheel cars or mini size?
Can you start cars at the top and they will race to the bottom just by releasing them? Once assembled, can it be taken apart again for storage?
does this garage tip over easy? how sturdy is it?
Please, let me know a package size? Thanks a lot!
How long does this take to assemble, for a person who's pretty good at reading directions and assembling things?
Will this garage/track work with Disney Cars die-cast cars (i.e. Lightning McQueen)?
Will this work with a 1:55 die-cast car? They are just a bit bigger than hotwheels (less than 2 inches wide but heavier than hotwheels).
What's the internal measurement? I really need a rolley cart that has at least 18" or slightly wider in width.
Does the " canvas organizer cover" have a solid fabric bottom, or does it just go around the sides of the outer cart/frame?
Can you use the canvas organizer and still hang files?
I'm going to culinary school. My knife kit weighs about 40#. It's meas 30 x 6 x 2. I know it would stick out the top. Any thoughts? long walk.
The item pictured is blue, but also there are pictures that are grey. Which color is it?
Does this organizer have expandable file pockets like the Qube Cady XL? Both items look identical.
will a 13.5x13.5 about 3 inches deep fit flat inside cart
What is the warranty on this?
Does it hold cupcakes? I make them everyday for the kids.
Will iris boxes lay flat in this tote?
Does it easily remain in upright stance?
do you have brown running trexs
pls tell whether this is battery operated movnig type
Are your dinos solid or hollow?
Is the body hollow? Want to turn this into a small planter.
if you are trying to repilcate the scene from jurrasic park 3 do you think this would work better then the old rex or would the old one work better
+what type of plastic is this dino made of? latex or (bpa) pvc??????
Is this dinosaur waterproof? My nephew wants a green dinosaur for the bathtub...
can it really open and close its mouth
Is it 12 inches tall or as the product dimensions suggest, 12 inches long?
How bright is this? Can you actually use it as light source to safely see where you are going in the dark?
Is there any way to turn off the 10 min shut off?
Is there really a 10 minute auto shut off? I will be using these for a play Camelot &amp; they will need to be on continuously for at least 30 minutes
is there any 120 v adaptor
Hi, what is the realistic flickering flame made out of?
It states "WARNING: CHOKING HAZARD -- Small parts. Not for children under 3 years" is that human years or dog years?
Will it work at night?
Is it waterproof? My dogs goes in lake frequently.
Does this have a USB port to download the photos? How does it attach to a collar?
The resolution of pictures,please?
does it need a memory card?
how long does the battery work? My cat will be outside about 10 hours per day, and I am looking for a camara that works that amount of time. thanks
how long does the battery work? My cat will be outside about 10 hours per day, and I am looking for a camara that works that amount of time. thanks
i cant delete my photos help?? it says its no longer where it should be
Do you think a Barbie car would fit in the bottom compartment, like a garage?
Once this is assembled, how difficult is it to move? Thinking of assembling/hiding before Christmas, but would have to move upstairs to another floor.
Can somebody tell me the opening of the garage when you slide the panel over. Want to make sure what I want to put in there will fit in the opening.
What is the shipping dimension for this item?
Can Barbies truly sit in the chairs, bathtub, toilet etc..? Trying to figure out if the furniture is worth it.
When shipped is there a picture of the product on the front?
is it made out of wood? Is it a plastic or paper house?
Could someone give me the dimensions of the kitchen wall? Width and height. Want to order the house and a separate kitchen set...
How large is the Beach front Mansion when fully assembled? Ht. Width and depth.
We are traveling for Christmas. If we put it together, can we take it apart again to go home?
Can you hear heart beat?
Can anyone confirm where this one is made? China? Thanks.
is the plastic in the toys bpa and other harmful chemicals free?
can it be used inside during the winter
What are the dimensions of the box the product ships in?
What is the height for the door? I have a 50" 5.5yo that is begging for a play house. Would this be big enough?
What is the exact inside measurement along the bottom of the side with the door? Thank you.
What are the dimensions of the mailbox?
can you leave this outside year-round, in cold/snowy climates?
does it come assembled
Would this be suitable for my 5 year old granddaughter? Would she be able to stand inside easily? All the little tykes stuff is too small. Thanks!
does it have a floor?
In how many boxes this item packed? Thank you
what is the bedding include
what is the distance between the bottom bunk, and the top bunk?
What color bedding will this be coming in? Pictures show pink and purple. We have the purple for the cradle and high chair. I dont want pink
How tall does bunk bed stand?
Is this a bed for 18 inch dolls?
What color is the bed frame white or light pink?
Are the bottoms of the beds cardboard or wood?
Does the ladder connect to the bed or just lean against it?
This may have been asked, but would the beds fit a regular teddy bear (build a bear)?
Do America girl dolls fit on this?
How many hanging clothes can fit into this closet?
will it work for american girl doll?
ashley
Will it fit chihuahua outfits?
what are the dimensions?
Would the American Girl doll hangers fit on the rack?
How tall is the actual armoire? I need to know if it will fit under my roll top desk!
Is there room to store the doll in it (on the left side)?
If I need additional hangers which ones will fit or should I buy?
How wide is it? Measurements?
I understand other customers say they are small. Can anyone give me dimensions?
1. What size batteries does the unit take. 2. Do you touch to play and touch again to stop or does it just play and stop?
How do you record a message on this device? A little more detail would be helpful before purchase
How loud is it? My son wants to use it for a costume to record a scream.
Can multiple messages be recorded and played back or only 1 message at a time?
Are they hard to push down or does even the lightest touch activates them?
How long does it record for?
Can i get one in red?
Is there a way for me to guarantee I'll receive a red button?
How do I pick the color?
Hi i have leapfrog pad 3 will it work?it only shows pad 1 n 2
Can this game work with leap pad ultra ??
Will this work with a LeapPad2?
do you need the internet connection for it to work?
What kind of battery does it use and how much the voltage is for the battery? If it's OK, send a link.
Can you drive it in water
Can the JLX micro go in water the same as the overdrive?
how many ball would you need to fill the pool half way? (to use as a ball pit)
Does this have a padded bottom (blown up with air) like the other Intex model?
Do you need a pump to inflate this pool or could we do it without it? Looking for something we can take in a plane without the extra weight of a pump.
Can I use this for my dog or will it pop?
How do you empty the pool of water?
input and output voltage please?
Does it make Hello Kitty shaped pancakes, or is it just the logo that's Hello Kitty?
220V ?
How tall is the blender?
Does it "blend" or just sit there?
Does it come with the pink cups too?
Is the blender jug made of plastic? So you can see what is inside?
Does the blender come off the base?
Does the blender come off the base?
Does it make noise like a real blender?
Does the kit contain the gear set &amp; the Support Pipe Brackets as shown in the picture?
Does this kit work on the Syma 3 Channel S107/S107G Mini Indoor Co-Axial R/C Helicopter w/ Gyro (White Color)?
I broke the white plastic pieces that support the cockpit on my s107. Does the cockpit piece come with the white support posts?
What size are the cards? I was hoping to be able to fit them inside Easter Eggs
Where is it made?
age
I would like to remove one of the swings and replace with this glider swing. Can I re-use the hooks where the swing attaches at the top of the swing set or do I have to drill and add more hooks. Thanks
DOoes this connect to one spot on the left and one spot on the right on a single swing beam, or does it require a front and back swing beam?
do I have to buy parts to hang it to swing set
Can this swing also be attached to a tree?
does it have a weight capacity
Can this swing be attached safely to an i-beam inside the basement of a house?
would this fit on the kettler swingset?
Will this fit the iron kids inspiration 250?
How old of a child can htis be used for? Will it be too small for a tall 5 year old and a 6 year old?
Can you use this swing hanging off a wood patio cover? We currently have a baby/toddler swing attached off patio cover, fun!
Is this toy really big enough for up to 3 yrs old? I'm considering buying it for my 21 mth old but I'm worried that he'll grow out of it too quicklyl
Does the horn make sounds?
is assembly required
Will this fit a girl size2T?
Will this fit a child who wears size 4T and is only 34lbs?
what size does this fit?
Does this include a vest
hello my daughter is 8 years old but is very small. She wears about a 4t pants and 5t shirt. will this fit her
does the costume includes the vest ? thanks.
would this fit a child who wears size 6X?
Does the hat have a chin string or strap?
does the vest come with the outfit
Will it fit a girl 6 years old who is tall and thin for her age?
I have grandchildren, 3 &amp; 6 yrs old. Will they both be able to play?
Is it challenging and appropriate for adults?
The recommended age is 8+. From the description it seems like younger kids could do it too. Is it appropriate for a younger child?
OK for a 5 year old?
How large is the package?
Where can I get hold of this game in south Africa?
Why does it say it weighs 18 lbs?
Is this game appropriate for children with Ausberger's?
Can you combine 2 sets to make it for more players and/or more difficult?
This is a Christmas gift and I'm a little confused. If just 2 are playing are all pieces passed out? Where does the draw pile come from?
does it come with two stair cases or just the one stair case thats shown on the picture?
what are the deminsions
is thare 3dollers for a wrestler staff
Is it puncture proof , I can not find a hard plastic kiddie pool anywhere for my miniature Shnauzer
Does this stand up without water in it?
Is the drain on the side or bottom?
could this float on top of a pool? looking for something animal could lay in pool but not get wet
How does this stand up when the dog's chew on it? I'd like to use it for a whelping and weaning box, but am concerned about the puppies chewing it up.
Could this work as large indoor planter? I have cats and am thinking of bringing the outside inside. It would be filled with potting soil for grass.
I am looking for a pool to put at the bottom of my bunnies playpen. Is the material at the bottom or the sides easy to tear so she might eat it?
Can this hold 2 30lbs dogs?
How deep is this pool,once filled with water? Is it deep enough to allow dogs to use it as a therapy pool after knee surgery. Our dog is 12.Japanese
easy asembly and sturdy???
how much is shipping to ecuador?
jp version or hk?
How much would it be if I want it shipped to Peru?
what would be the price?
How heavy is it?
Do you ship to Peru as well? Is it also free? Thank you.
How tall is this figure?
Hello, this product is JP or HK version? Thanks.
is this authentic???
is trhis authentic 100%????
Does it come with the orginal box and flying wings? Is this package 100% orginal?
Does it also have the flying model ?
Is this for display or active play for a 6 year old? Can it be played with in the water?
Do you put air in the tires?
Can the tires be upgraded to air tires for better traction on dirt?
Where can I get replacement parts? The square shaped washer that hold the steering wheel to the column has become warped. Need two new ones.
Are the tires solid plastic all the way thru ?
Is this for an eight year old?
I'm considering this for my soon-to-be 3-yo, but am wondering if he'll be able to reach the pedals. What's the distance from seat to pedals? Thanks
what does the box look like it is Delivered in? does it have Pictures on it or is it a blank shipping box?
Can a three-year old ride this?
Is assembly difficult?
can teenagers ride it?
does this come with a handle bar?
Is this model less expensive because the front pedals are not able to be "unlocked" to allow child to pedal bike on own when ready? Other models $ x
What material are the tires and wheel wells made of?
Would this bike work for a 3-4 year old? Most of the reviews I'm seeing are based on a 1 or 2 year old.
Can a child steer with this model?
Does this tricycle have pedal brakes?
Does this trike come with any straps to help prevent the child from falling?
Are these large/strong enough to keep winter glove pairs together?
What size are these clothespins? I have seen various comments within the reviews. Are they full-size or mini?
is said that its 2 3/8" , but i see the question and answer its only 1"? what is the size of the clothespin anyway?
Are these wooden ? Are they regular sized ?
How many inches is the length of one?
is it 12 swords and 12 eye patches or 6 swords and 6 eye patches?
Are the swords plastic or foam?
What is the approximate length of the sword?
What is the size in inches?
what are the measurements of the bags?
what are the dimensions in inches?
How big are the bags
what are the 12 colors?
can you use them as a scarf around the neck instead?
do you the size of this scarves?
is there a flash?
Is it a good camera for a 5 year old
can you view the pictures after they are taken
Can you see the picture on the screen after taking it?
Is this easy to operate for a six year old?
Can you purchase just the patterns for when you finish the ones that come with it?
What age is best for this project?
Does anyone know if the instructions come in Spanish? I plan to purchase this and send it as a gift to my niece overseas in Spain.
What are the sand tiles that you are supposed to tap quickly on level 4, it doesn't do anything?
Does this work on Leappad2
Does it work on leap pad 2?
Where is key on level 1
Will this work with leapfrog leap pad1 explorer learning game?
Does anyone know if this works with the original Leap Pad?
Does this work with the Leapster gs?
does it work with the leapster explorer
can this cartridge work with the leappad ultra
Does this work with LeapPad2
is it compatable to ultra
so, this is a CD-rom?
is it compatible with ultra
how many come in the pack?
how many come in the pack?
that amount brings the package??
How many come in a package
Can I fly this outside
what are the bonus parts?
Has any one tried the JXD "Drift King" controller?
how far can it go with out getting out of reach from the controller
Are the internal Li-Po batteries of the S107G and this S800G the same? I see upgraded S107 batteries avail. Fit the S800 too?
Is this helicopter a begginers, an intermediate, or an elite, because I've become a good intermediate flyer, and I want an elite helicopter
The description said 16 inches, is it really
is it 16 inches?
The controller does seem like junk. Is the left stick suppose to stay up or down, or is it suppose to return to middle position like the right stick ?
Is this helicopter really 16 inches long ? I have the 107 and a 26" and want one in between.
Can I run an industrial, 12v high torque reversible motor with this receiver?
Will this work with an ESC?
Hi friends Does green LED on radio must blink during normal operation? What does it means? What is the sign of the low battery
can I build a custom rc buggy
Will new and old Futaba or other brand servo's work with the reciever.
What is the approximate range on this?
Is the receiver waterproof?
This control has the function of forward and backward?
what kind of battery would i need to buy for this?
if i got this and a servo motor would that be all i need?
We have this and love it but on a windy day the umbrella pretty much fell apart. Does anyone know where or how to get a replacement umbrella?
Where are the holes to screw the legs into the table? Someone forgot to put them in?
Where is this made? USA, China? Some Step2 is made is USA. Curious. Thank you.
Can anyone tell me the width of the road ways on the table? I am looking for a dump truck that will fit.
how tall is the table?
has anyone used both sides for sand? how much sand does it take (both sides)?
where to get sand?
After assembling the table, taking it apart and re assembling, (AND reading the instructions, etc) table will not stay 'tall.' Any suggestions?
Whats the diameter of the table
What does it come with?
Does the pizza oven door have a clear plastic window or is it open? Ours did not have a plastic/clear window
how do i make it taller?
what size chairs would fit?
why doesn't mine have a working light?
Do you think a 4 year old is too big/tall for this toy (even at the highest table setting?)
how big is it in inches?
Do you think this is too young for a 7 year old?
remote battries comming with remote or we need to purchase 6AA battries for remote?
how many batteries need for car and how many for remote? can I use rechargable batteries?
Is it possible to buy a replacement remote? We lost ours.
Will it run well on NiMH batteries (voltage = 1.2 vdc) as well as alkaline batteries (voltage - 1.5 vdc)?
Is this car just for indoor use?
what frequency does this have?
Does it come with rubber tires?
how fast does it go
what size batteries?
Whats the range on this R/C vehicle? Is it as variable speed vehicle?
how big is the actual truck outside the packaging?
how fast does it go
what sixe batteries
I was getting this one and the F-150 truck and wondered if the Remote signals will interfere with each other.
how long does hot wheels jump truck charge last.
how big is it?
How big is this car ?
How many batteries? What size batteries?
Is the remote wireless?
How fast is this car?
What frequency (MHz) is the camaro on? I bought 2 of the M3 version hoping it'd have a frequency switch, but it doesn't.
What frequency does it use?
It is IRON OR PLASTIC?
how fast does it go
How long is it?
Does it come in green?
is it rechargeable
how fast you can run
does this come with a handheld radio controller?
accepts rechargeable batteries
are all the cards in mint or near mint condition or some of them in moderetly played? basicly asking are the cards in good condition?
dose it come with a lot of duplicates.
will i be able to build usable mono-color decks?
did anyone get any gods or legendary creatures or enchanted creatures?
Is it worth buying?
do you have khans ?
how much red mana land is included and how much white mana land is included? please answer quick like in the next hour if possible
can you yous them in tournaments
Are there any planes walkers?
Are all cards in english or it can include other translations?
how does a toddler get into the ball pit? Do you have to lift them or can they climb in and out on their own?
Can this be stored outside without getting screwed up easily? Aka low maintenance!
Do enough balls come with this for the pit?
where can i get a replacement piece? I was given an extra P6 instead of a P7 that is needed.
How long did your kid play with this? Was it just a novelty, or something they enjoyed for a long while?
Is this an indoor or outdoor playset?
Where can I find assembly instructions online? We don't have the instructions.
What are the dimensions of just the ball pit?
What size balls come with this? And what colors are they?
I need to purchase this item, why there is no "Add to Cart for this item"
Can you ship next day Saturday for tomorrow?
What age is this appropriate for???
Can you send it to Mexico? I'm really interested in this product..
are these already assembled
what is the size of the box
Is this BPA free?
so we get all the colors in the picture?
what colors really come in the bag we get?it only says pink purple blue and white do wee get more colors?what are the colors we get?
what colors come in this that we get in this bag for sure?how big are they?
Where was this item made
Is this good for 4 1/2 yr old girl? Love that it is made in Canada
what are the measurements?
Are Mega Bloks the same size as Duplo Blocks?
Are there parts small enough to fit through a toilet paper roll?
This set is supposed to come with wheels for the car right?? i just ordered this for my daughter and was disappointed to find the wheels were missing
What scale is this train (track)?
Does the engine have a smoke unit, if not, can it be added? I am also interested in the baggage,diner, and Vista Dome car.
does it come with the cw80 transformer
What all do I get with this set?
passenger car doors open automatically, or do you open them with your fingers?
Does the power supply accommodate EU 220 volt 2-phase line voltage?
Length of track?
How many pieces of straight track come with the set: 2 or 4?
would someone please help clarify if this set comes with a wireless remote control
are the cars metal?
What are the dimensions of this climber when it is fully assembled?
what age range is appropriate for this ?
Is it possible to use this indoors? I need something for my 4yo climber when it's too cold to stay outside.
I purchased this tower thinking it could be used indoor(carpet). Instructions say it needs to be outdoor and anchored. Would it be ok on the carpet?
on july 10th we purchasd this product we are planning to move can reorder the tool to dismantle the gym or can you give us advice to break it down?
If we bought 2 kits would it have the right pieces to increase height 1 level?
Did you put anything underneath it to cushion the falls?
How long did your kids love this for? Did the novelty wear off?
What is the difference between this and Eezy Peezy Monkey Bars with Top?
I am confused by the J4A and J4B joiners. They look identical to me. How can I tell the difference?
Does it also have its own remote controller, Or do you have to use your phone?
Is there some trick to getting this product to work? I have received it, charged both the helicopter and the transmitter, but nothing happens.
will this work with the kindle fire?
What's the average flying time per charge?
Does it stream live to you phone?
will this work with an iphone 5?
Will this work with the Samsung Galaxy Note?
is it in changlish
What else do we need to purchase, besides cable, to have a complete zip line set up?
What is the weight limit?
How long is the line?
how much sand fits in the sand side?
Are there 2 holes for the water flow out on both sides or only 1 on one side where the water suppose to be? I want to use it for water only..
And the cover is only for one of the sides, right? it does not close fully the whole toy?
Does the cover fit over either side? Or only the water side as shown?
Does it come with sand?
Can I remove the legs for storage? If so, how?
In the picture, there is a hole for an umbrella. There is a Step2 maroon umbrella sold separately. Has anyone bought and used them together?
What are the dimensions of the box it came shipped in? Wonder if the size is within 62 total linear inches to check-in as baggage. Thanks!
Will my 3.5 year old be able to play standing up at this table or will she have to sit down to reach the basins? She's about 38 inches tall.
how tall is it?
any recommendations on covers for this water table?
What ages is this for
Does this water table come with an umbrella attachment to offer shade for kids playing with it? My friend got the same one and theirs has an umbrella
How stable is the table?
can you buy replacement people?
Do the pieces lock into place or do they easily come out?
Do you think a 4 year old would enjoy this? Or are they too old at that point?
Are there drainage holes?
What are the dimensions of this table toy?
Can you get replacement parts for this? We have this table, but lost all the people and animals that come with it.
what is the weight limit?
How have others hung it from a tree branch?
What do I need to buy at home depot to install this to the wood beams on my patio? I don't have the Step2 playground set. I just want to install it on an existing home structure. Please help!
Can I hang this to a beam under our deck? If so, what do I need to buy?
Is it easy to unbuckle to remove the child? My daughter had a different swing she eventually threw away because the buckles were too difficult.
Does this swing come with hardware to hang it to an existing wooden swing set?
Will this fit on Creative Playthings swing set ?
what age does this work for?
I'm considering this swing for my toddler and preschooler ... does the safety harness snap underneath for storage for a 3 or 4 year old?
Can I attach it to my existing outdoor swing set?
I bought one of these a few months ago. If I were to buy another one, would I be able to attach them together to stack them?
dimensions?
When you say "Large 10 X 10 baseplate" do you mean the baseplate is for large Lego blocks or are you saying that 10 X 10 is a large area? Phil
Is this an original Lego product?
How many sets does it hold?
does this saber have sound?
Sound?
belt attachable? covertec knob? My question is what options are available for hanging this saber from a belt to wear with a costume?
is it an acsending blade?
can you plug batman into a vehicle that has prongs in seat? Yes, it is pricey.
My grandson is two years old. Would this be appropriate for his age?
What type batteries does it take? Product detail just says 3 nonstandard batteries. Can they be replaced?
how big is this toy
Batman arrived not working ..the 3 batteries were gone in him. I took batteries out of the other dc figurine to test him and now I am out 3 batterie
Will this fit the Ipod 5th Gen???
are there covers for the "holes" for the headphones and charger?
I have a three year old and a five year old...is this age appropriate for both?
Would it fit a nook hd 7'?
I bought my son an "Apptivity Monkey" which needs an Itouch, he will be 8 month, is this recommended/ok for droolers??! He loves electronics!
does this fit the iPhone 5?? Looking for a heavy duty case for the iPhone 5 but can't seem to find one for the 5???
Do the full versions of the apps come with the purchase or do you just get lite versions for free?
Do the full versions of the apps come with the purchase or do you just get lite versions for free?
samsung galaxy s2 fit
can you record music on it?
is this compatible with iPhone 5?
Can you plug the iPod into a charger without removing it from the case?
Can you talk on the phone with the case on?
I am thinking about purchasing a ipod touch 2nd generation will this work for that generation?
I have a 1st generation ipod touch and curious to know if it'll work with this case?
can i use this for a 4inch tablet
Does this work with the iPhone 4s?
Does this case fit the IVIEW-420TPC 4.3-Inch Tablet?
does it fit nook
We have an old 2nd generation Ipod touch. Work well with this case?
Does a cabbage patch doll fit in this highchair?
What is the largest size doll to fit in the chair?
Will the chair sit by itself on the floor on on top of a table, or do you have to connect it to a table? All the pictures show it attached to a table.
Would a 12 inch baby doll fit into this high chair or does only the fisher price doll fit? Thank you!
Does anybody know if Baby Stella fits in here? My niece would love this, but baby Stella is the only doll that she plays with. Thanks.
what age is this geared to
AGE
Does it come with the cars?
What's in the box??
does anyone know what standard packaging (boy) means? this is for a girl.
Is the walker part good for a beginner? My 9 month old is starting to pull herself up
good afternoon, numbers and vowels that teaches says in Spanish or English. has Spanish vesion
where can this toy be ridden successfully if there are so many complaints listed. What about ourside?
says the toy teaches numbers, abc, I want to know if says in Spanish or English.if you have to change the function of English to Spanish ..
Which one is preferable Stride and Ride Elephant or puppy, My daughter is 1 year old?
hello..!! makes deliveries to venezuela???
would toy with songs in Spanish
Where can I get new shapes for my laugh and learn stride-to-ride puppy?
My wife swears she heard the toy say, "yummy-yummy," when opening the toy's mouth. Has anyone else heard this? I think she is going nuts.
I have the same question as someones else. Can I use this for an original AR. Drone and a 2.0?
does this drone come with a camra
One of the arms came with a different angle and makes the propellers emit a lot of noise and can't yaw left.Is there anything I can do with this prod?
Dose this fly or is this a replacement item
Can it hold a Go Pro?
Are the landing feet(foot) included on the central cross?
I replaced the central cross...tedious, but doable---but HOW to get the props and gear assembly from your old central cross to the new one?
is this for use only with AR Drone 2.0 or is it also compatible with AR Drone 1.0? Thanks
Does this have the toolkit included?
Bearing removal tool
What's the difference between this version and the Elite edition?
what is the size
will the ar drone 2.0 work using a android toshiba thrive at105-t1032?
Is it possible to change the joystick side, for me to get the left one up and down and the right one forward backward left and right?
what happens when you drive it out of range?
can you fly this with a laptop?
can you control the drone with a kindle fire
How do we fly the AR Drone 2.0 outside, if it requires Wifi? (Take it in the car to a near field, how to fly it?)
can you control it with an ipod touch
Does this charge the iPhone or is it just a cradle?
Does this work with the iPhone 5 or iPhone 4? They have different jacks and it's a pretty important detail that is missing from the description
Does this phone have a separate speakerphone feature through its own speakers or is it the built-in iphone speakerphone?
Can I fly this thing in the hallways of my office? I plan on using it for corporate espionage.
Does this come with the foam protection shroud that is pictured with it? Or do I need to buy that separately?
Is he controlled by bluetooth wi-fi or internet wi-fi?
How is the range? 165 feet does not seem like a lot. 1/2 a football field...
is the connection good
Do I have to buy an micro sd card or an pen drive? Or the photos and videos gonna be in the smartphone or tabled memory?
Is it possible to change the joystick side, for me to get the left one up and down and the right one forward backward left and right?
It is possible to change the camera angle?
the battery charger parrot can be connected to the truck beteria
How long can it be controlled?
Do they work with E-Flite Blade MCX2 (2400)?
Do they work with the Blade nano Cpx?
does it come with velcro
do these work with wl toys v911 micro copter with the new connector?
My 3 rd question : Do you sell a cover bag for this set ? If not, can you suggest a company to sell bag to fit your board ?
My 2nd question : does your set provide 2 bowl bags or boxws for stones ?
1. Please give more discription on your stones : is it 9.2 mm or larger size ? Does
are these glass stones ? says so in ad, not plastic? I want glass stones
Will this fit the Traxxas Slash Ultimate? Do I need adjustable body mounts?
this is the 1/10 body?
will this fit a slash 2wd?
do the post holes come precut?
How do I charge it
This did not come with a charger-it says you can charge wirelessly- how do you do that?
Do any of these actually fly? Cannot get trim to settle down at all. Not enough lift to get off ground.
can not get the top blas&eacute; to turn
Is this suitable for a 7-8 year old?
Does the Cities expansion require the Leaders expansion?
does cities and leaders fit in the orginal 7 wonders box
Is it in English?
How loud is this train? I have an open floorplan house with hard floors, so sound really travels and some toys are just too loud for the grown ups.
just need the remote for this product how can i get it
Will this work on a carpet? Thanks
Can I buy a replacement remote control?
Does it also work for a 3 year old very intelligent kid ?
Steam function doesn't work well! Any suggestions? Thanks.
how many total batteries remote and train is needed and sizes?
Is this compatible with Trackmaster tracks?
Can you use the train without the steam? Thanks in advance!
Can this train be used on carpet, or must it be on hard floors?
what size batteries does it need
How big is it?
Will the Batmobile operate on carpet? Thanks!
Can you purchase replacement disks for this car?
Can I purchase the yellow drones that fly off the car? I also would like to purchases some of the red and orange disks that go w the Imaginext castle
Does it come with batteries
Do they come with batteries
Can I use Fisher Price roll a rounds balls here? Are these holes are big enough for the balls?
Can you ship the cruise and groove toy to the UK?
what age group?
My baby is just starting to pull himself up.How stable is this toy? If my baby pulls on it to stand up will it fall on him?
How big is the package? Can it fit into a suitcase?
where to get replacement balls for Fisher-Price Cruise and Groove Ballapalooza?
what's the package size?
Are the balls interchangeable with the Fisher Price Poppity Pop musical dino?
How many balls does it have?
what batteries does it take?
This says it is for boys. What happens if you give it to a girl? Why do they make that distinction? Shouldn't parents decide who they buy it for??
What is the scale of the figures that come with the castle? How tall are they?
is this just the castle? Are there any accessories with it? Like a man or battle stuff?
I'm having trouble distinguishing the accessories that go with this castle vs. the lion's den and what's the list of all the interacting accessories?
What is the age group for this toy
Batteries included or not? Amazon description says that the button batteries are included in one area and in another area it says they're not.
Getting this for our 5 year old, what accessories would you most recommend to go with it?
does the palace come with any of the little people princesses, or are those sold separately?
What is a frustration free package? A damaged box inside a new one ?
What does the "frustration-free packaging" look like? Does it not come in the usual box?
what age girls like this
We have little people disney princesses bought a couple of years ago. Will these princesses work with this toy or do I need to buy more recent ones?
Do all Princesses work with this castle no matter when purchased or do I have to buy a second complete set of specially programmed princesses?
The castle doesn't make any noise, am I missing something? I put the batteries in but the noise doesn't work??
Does the palace come with any furniture?
Says words in spanish?
Do the princes (Beast and Aladdin) work in in the castle as well? Will the talk/sing?
Hi, does this work with the die cast trains or the wooden railway ones? Thanks in advance for your response.
Hi, ship to Brazil? how much?
does anyone have the instructions on putting together riskey rails bridge drop?
how long is it once put together
How high is the bridge? Trying to decide between this and Avalanche, or shake shake bridge
how can it so tall
Good product includes a train? Electric trains are (are moved by battery)
why the heck is it so big
Is there a trick to getting it together
does Porter work on this set ?
how do you fill the tube up? i have tried blowing air but it jsut doesnt seem to work ???
Does anyone know if this product has a recommended weight range? My son is 2.5, but he is 35 lbs./37" tall &amp; I'm not sure if this will work for him.
how does it go on
how does it go on
My son is 13.5 months, 32" and 21.5lbs - he won't go in the baby float any more - will this work? He loves to jump in and go back to edge now w/help.
My grandson just turned one. He's a big boy. Tall &amp; 27 lbs. Would this be okay for him?
my 16 month old uses this and LOVES It... However, it makes him go abit forward. Anyone else having this problem?
My daughter is almost 19 months but has been doing swim lessons with a bubble on her back. Dont want to put in a flatable toy...she is 25lb 32"
Can anyone tell me if the strap helps keep the raft down and child more upright more than the Swimways Swim Sweater?
My daughter is 20lbs and 3 yrs old would this work for her?
Is this machine washable?
he looks like he is sitting on something. can you take him off what ever he is sitting on
How tall is this
It looks like his eyes are plastic buttons, rather than sewn. I've read that this can be a choking hazard if they come off. Has anyone had problems?
What does "studio rejects" mean?
It says these are brand new, do they come in a curious George special box or wrapped in shrink wrap? How is it protected?
Does his shirt come off?
When this item is packed, how big is the box approximately?
Can I blow it and when is done turn the blower off
How big is the blower? would it fit in a suit case?
Does the bouncy house have a side entrance? Or do you enter and exit through the slide opening?
Would you recommend buying a tarp to go underneath the jump house?
how tall are the walls from the bounce house floor? basically how tall is the sides of the walls with the netting?
how loud is the blower on this? is it too loud to use inside?
What are the dimensions of the inside of the bounce house?
how many kids could this hold
Can it get wet inside? We would set it up by our pool and the grandkids would use the slide for the pool.
There are two types of die cast tracks. We got my daughter the wild ride set for her bday, but different looking tracks. Do they work together still or no? Both are plastic but where connects look different. She's really wanting a round house to add to...
does the die-cast set work with the stacktrack sets
Does the turntable go up and down
does this double decker round house comes with the tracks shown in your posted picture
Does the StackTrack trains cars are compatible with the Chuggington Die-Cast Portable Double Decker Roundhouse?
Do you need more than 1? Do you need to buy more than 1 set in order to make it as tall as it is in the commercial??
Do the interactive chuggington trains fit with this set?
Is this Die-Cast Wild Ride the old or the new version? I'm confused by some of the reviews.
Can one send die cast CARS down the ramps as well, I wonder?
Are cars included in this set?
Is this set compatible with Thomas die-cast trains?
what is the weight?
Can this set be played with all die-cast engines, or do we have to buy the "stack track" variety?
Hi, it seems the adapter does not work with all chargers. I have a IMAX B6AC. Does anyone have experience if it would work with this model?
Will it work on any lipo charger I have the venom pro
will it plug in to the wall stock charger and charge the lipo still
About how long does it take to charge one battery?
Does this need any other products to work? Thanks
HEllo, do I need to buy a special battery charger to charge 3 x Traxxas 2868 25C 7.4V 2S 2-Cell 5000mAh Lipo Battery . If so which one please.REGARD
Would there be an issue simultaneously charging one battery that is at say 5% and another that is 65% full? What happens when one finishes first?
will this charge dual 3s lipos?
Will my reg charger work with this adapter or do I have to by lipo charger? thanks Bob
Question about different capacity batteries. Has anyone else dual charged packs of different capacities? I have 3 packs. 2 are 5000 mah 2s, and I have one 5200mah 2s. Would it work charging one of the 5000mah packs with the 5200mah pack? Thanks
What is the Top Speed?
Do they come in different colors? I would like to get 2 for my 2 boys but in different colors, preferably red, blue, or green. Thanks.
Is it water proof ?
How does it run on grass?
How do you fix the motor once it stops working? It happened to me.
Is 7.2V Tenergy 3800mAh Flat NiMH battery compatible with these trucks?
Just wanted to make sure im reading this right...the truck is only 4 inch's tall?
Can you put 2s lipo batteries in this vehicle
Can I spray the mud/dirt with a water hose and will it still work?
How long does the battery last? How much weight will it carry? Exactly what kind of battery would I need to buy to have several charged up?
Is there a marker tray and can the tray be moved for hortizontal or vertical hanging?
Can you use the nylon cord on the back to hand it vertically? Also, does it weigh a lot? Thank you!
What kind of markers work with it? Ive bought three different sets of dry erase neon markers and nooone of them work
Is this board magnetic? Will magnets stick to it?
Can the plastic corner pieces be taken off? Doesn't it look cheap with them there?
How much does the board weigh?
Is it magnetic as well?
I'd like to hang this vertically. How do you hang it and re-position the tray (there are no other holes on the back)?
Do you ship to M&eacute;xico?
Does it come in an original box
Good afternoon. Tell me what kind of mail you send the parcel? how much time traveling premise in NJ?
You have two Venus McFlytrap dolls for sale - one is $33.99, the other is $43.43. Please advise what the difference is on these two. Thank you!
What material are these made of? Is it like plastic, rubber, aluminum?
will this fit a gsg 1911 22
Will these fit a 1911 CHAMPION&#153; OPERATOR LIGHTWEIGHT MODEL
will this fit my rockisland 45 ?
I need to get installation screws from hardware store. What is size/type of screws for Wood Installation?
What is the measurement between the screw/bolt holes?
Do I need 2 of these swing hangers for a swing seat or will 1 work?
Can i use this swing hanger on angled ceiling?
Could this be mounted on wall studs to hang a hammock?
My son is in a wheelchair but loves to swing. We want to use these swing hangers on a steel beam in our basement, is it possible to anchor to the beam with bolts?
what is the thickness of the supplied caribiner?
Does the carabiner come with this? Or is that sold separately?
I'm confused on the dimensions, can it be mounted to a joist (under a high deck) that's 2" wide in either direction? I need it mounted so my swing faces the correct way. Thanks!
Can this be installed vertically and horizontally?
Is the rubber latex?
Do these toys have a hole in bottom (to squirt water)? I do not want the kind with holes (to avoid mold getting inside). Thanks.
does anyone had problem with mold since its water toys and have holes too.
These are MADE IN CHINA, not USA.
Do these toys float or sink?
Can i order Extra dyes?
Where can I get just the color packets?????? This is a great item, but can only be used once without color packet refills!!
where to get more colors
I don't have directions in box
is there a back on the swing
How is it anchored / attached to the door jam?
How much space do you need behind and in front of the swing for it to swing well?
whats the weight capacity?
how much can it hold?
How many hats are included?
Dimensions say 1x1x1inch.... will these fit on a child's head?
Are there strings on the hat to help them stay on like birthday hats?
How many hats are included in this???
how many hats did you get when you made your purchase
What material are the ears made of? Are they plastic like the Mickey ears on other hats from Disney World or card stock paper/cardboard like the hat?
I want to pay for the 4 packages of hats and there is 16.70 per shipping. How do I do to pay only 1 shipping and not four?.
If I buy 4 pachages is the same price for shipping? just one charge?
How many come in a pack?
How many per pack?
Would you say these vials have more, less, or about the same amount of glitter in them as those small circular nail glitter containers?
Is there a difference in the essentials and the rich essentials color wise?
Are these glitters nontoxic, lead- free? Also when using glue to adhere...will the clear glue cause the glitter to lose its shine?
Do these have shaker tops with holes?
Can this be mixed with polymer clay without degrading the integrity of the clay?
Could someone please tell me what colors are included in this set?
Can these be used with tattoo stencils for Glitter Tattoos?
Can someone please tell me exactly how much glitter is in each of the 24 vials? Thank you in advance!
Is the glitter mylar or is it made of fine crushed glass ?
Is this item good for toddler age? Does the steam get hot?
I don't get any smoke -- any suggestions?
No more smoke and my grandson keeps asking why. I wish I could fix it. Any thoughts anyone???????????????
How long does the tractor 'smoke' once the water is put in, please? ... How long is the play period with tractor 'smoking'?
How fast is this thing, or does it creep along like a tractor? Thanks
Lost the battery charger. Where can I buy a replacement??
Does the back of the tractor have a hitch so kids and hook up something to pull?
has anyone ever smelled burning plastic coming from it?
What batteries are required?
Is there a trick to replacing the battery cover, because I can't, even with a hammer!
Is it metal or plastic
Can the tractor be used indoors? Is their a throttle control for speed or just runs flat out?
is this too young for 5 year old
is this too young for my six year old?
do these need batteries
the description says "The turbo tube slide will fit any platform or play set measuring 7 or 5 feet" Is this true or is it only for 5'?
Description says "turbo tube slide will fit any platform or play set measuring 7 or 5 feet" but the slide seems like it only fits 5'? What's the deal?
Anyone had this slide for longer than 2 years? How has it held up? I have seen uncomplimentary comments regarding the construction.
Aside from landing area in front of the bottom opening, how much floor space does this take up? Not the shipping box dimensions of 60"X60".
How big is the tube opening, across (diameter)?
We have a tight space to work with. How wide is this slide at the widest point?
If I were to purchase this slide and a seven foot slide would I be able to make it work off of a 9ft deck?
will this work on a 68" deck??
In relation to the mounting square, where does the base fall? (directly below? 2 feet to the right?) And kid comes out straight ahead or angled?
relative to the mounting square, where is the base and does it need a concrete footing
I'm thinking of buying this slide and mounting to a 5'8" deck. Do you think that would make the slide too fast? Is it steep as is or a little slow?
how tall is it from the ground to very top of the upper mounting square, that is what is the full height dimension of the entire Assembly, not inside.
how tall is the slide from the ground to the bottom of the square mounting
What are the dimensions of the slide entrance (specifically the square mounting portion)?
Please, I wish to know the size of the mailing box...
In those red and white, have they one side only red and one side only white as well?
How big are the cubes? I'm trying to compare to Pixy Cubes (dice-size), because my 3-year-old may need something larger.
Are the cubes themselves wooden or plastic?
Availability
How tall is this transformer
This toy is new or used? Thanks
Will this transform to a trailer
is this version made by Hasbro or takara?
do smaller pieces transform?
How tall are each transformer separately?
How big
Does this version say anything like the original ROTF Leader Prime?
does this come in a package?
Are the smokestacks included? As pictured the vehicle mode looks horrid wiithout the tanks and stacks..
What size is the kite when broken down for shipping? Is it 36" long, or shorter than that?
Can this kite fly with a small keychain video camera attached to it?
What are the shipping size dimensions?
How long and how strong (test) is the kite line provided?
How does this differ from V-Max and Classic?
There are 2 different listings of this same product on Amazon (they use different images). Why?
what is the recommended age for the toy
is the arrow rubber tipped
arrows: do the arrow have a nock on them for the string to fit in???
How much does the bow by itself weigh?
can the twine on the handle be removed for cosplay purposes
I want to get this for a cosplay, but I'm gonna need to paint it. How should I go about doing that?
Would it look right on a 4"10-5" ft person. too small or just right?
Is it proper sized for an adult woman or a bit too small?
How far back can you pull the drawstring? I want to use this as a movie prop and am curious as how real it would look when pulling back the drawstring
Hi! I'm wondering if the quiver has a strap?
can arrowheads cause serious damage ?
how many cans do it hold?
size?
We're thinking of using this at the bottom of our slide for the kids to slide into, so wondering height?
What is the height?
size?
I have 5 &amp; 6 year old girls, do you think their age could handle this game? Could they play it without adult supervision? How much reading is there?
Would this be interesting enough to a just turned 6 that has been playing regular adult monopoly for almost a year already? To simplistic or perfect
Would this be suitable for a kid less than 6 years old? i have a 5 year old niece and i'm unsure of getting this or catan kids.
Can you use the add ons with this or do you need Catan. Also, a 10 year old-which would be best?
How does this compare with Kids of Catan? My two youngest are 6 and 9 and I am trying to decide if I should go with Junior or get Kids. Thanks!
age
age
Is this (Pink Glamour) doll's blonde hair the same as "Sweater Dressing" hair color? More blended than straight blond?
What is this doll's name? My 8 year old is asking. Thank you
Are you sure that's the correct price? It was U$100 less, a week ago!
is she soft or made of plastic
Does the doll accurately match the one in the picture?
Will the doll I order look EXACTLY like the doll in the picture? Not just the hairstyle, the face looked totally different in a recent reviewer's pic.
SELLERS; HELP! I need the old version of this doll with the two braid hairstyle. It can't be tri-sectioned hair. Does anyone have one with 2 braids?!
Does this doll ship from Madame Alexander? I am very suspicious of counterfeit products and this doll is not listed on the Madame Alexander website.
Is she posable?
What color are her eyes??
Confused on eye color. The description states both brown and blue. Question received both answers as well. Only want it if it's blue. Any help?
My daughter is looking for a doll that closes her eyes when she sleeps - does this doll do this? When she lays down, her eyes stay closed? Thanks!
Does this one come with the book?
please list your blonde dolls that have brown eyes
what is the color of her eyes
Is the hair rooted or a wig?
Just received this doll and paid $46.50...now the price is $39.50.....?
Is she a poseable doll?
What is the true lenght of her hair and for those who own others MA dolls, is she the same height? Thanks.
Among "Favorite Friends Collections" How many different facial shapes are there?
What is the color of her skin?
Does the doll have a tag that says Alexander?
Do her eyes close?
How long is her hair? It looks eally short. Ii'm thinknig about how long it would be for the fun of combing out. thanks
is this doll scented?
do they come with a book about the girl
Can the hair be combed/styled without damage?
How is the hair on this doll? Is it bald in the middle?
How cuddly is this doll? Is it all hard plastic?
I would love to have a pair if these for my daughter but cannot decide on what size to get . She wears an adult 6. Does anyone have any suggestions?
What shoe sizes (children or adult) would a size large fit?
I am very confused about the sizing...which size would be for Child Size 11, 12, and 13??
can it do quick turns ?
How big is it?
Is it 4x4 or rwd ?
Is it fast for a RC car ?
duse it ned gas
i just got this car friday and now its makin a weird loud sounds whatcshould i do?!?!
What is the size?
Does the car have antena
How many mph does it go to
What is the remote like? Is it the more traditional two stick (forward/reverse &amp; left/right0 or the trigger type? Thanks!
Is this only compatible with iPhones or can it be used with any smart phone,like Androids?
Does anyone know if it is compatible with an Itouch? need answer asap!
does it fit the iPhone 5?
does the app work with other i devices, such as iPod, iPad etc. ?
does it fit the iPhone 5?
can it fold so a kid can sleep in it?
Can you easily remove/attach the canopy to use as needed?
are there seat belts in the wagon? what is the weight limit?
Can this be pushed in front of you or can you only pull it behind you? Also, is it comfortable for a tall adult to use?
Can this fit in mid-size sedan (Acura TL)..pix show SUV...seems too big for sedan trunk..
what tools needed to assemble?
Is the canopy water-resistant? I am wondering about taking the kids to school in rain? Would it withstand?
Can you attach any of the trailors to it? If so HOW? Would I need to get other parts.
Are the tires hollow &amp; plastic. How does the wagon ride over grass or stones? Thanks, Shirley
How big is the box that it comes in? I want to buy for grandkids abroad so would need to take in the plane with me.
How long will the batteries last before I need to change a new set of batteries ?
what are the dimensions of the lamp?
Is the base of the lamp Lego, as in could it be attached to a Lego base plate, or is it just flat?
Would this work as a night light to illuminate a toddler's room who is scared of the dark?
How tall is it without the lightsaber? and with it?
How do you get the cape on? I tried to remove his head but cannot get it to come off.
How do you turn it on and off?
Is the lamp bright enough for reading or it is just more like a novelty rather than a lamp ?
Is there a seatbelt to hold toddlers in?
Are the wheels rubber?
does it fit two toddlers
Do the wheels turn?
Installed front wheels incorrectly, will that affect the function? Is there a way to undo it and put it the right way?
does it sing
Is this the small box or the larger box with transforming doll that sings?
does this doll sing?
My grandson is 7 months old, are these tapes appropriate for his age?
What words are taught? Could my baby sign "diaper" as in "please change me?" or "thirsty?" "Hungry?" Are these practical words included?
If Its Not Real Then what is it?
What Kind Of Rock is It?
is the meteorite real?
if i buy two will one cotroler control both ?
is it super fast
how fast is the car
how fast is it
is this the same as the chevy camero ss because i bought this one yesterday waiting, hoping that this is faster and better
Does it sideway drift and have head and back lights?
Which car will you get?
How do recharge it. I see nothing on the car to plug the recharging cord into on the car.
good day duration of the battery? How fast is the car? How long the battery?
hello! please don't send my question to others costumers answer. do you sale replacement body shell camaro 1:10? thank you.
is this a fast car, about how fast does it go
do these have brakes or do you push reverse to stop
Which is the shipping cost to Argentina?. thanks
Does anyone know if the Mindscope Neo Tracks fit with the Kidoozie brand Build-a-road?
Does it always come in a plain white box? It makes it look used.
Do these light up also, glow in the dark?
What is the age group that is best suited for this toy?
is the one listed above glow in the dark? i don't see anything about it being glow in the dark even though the reviews say so...
Are all three cars motorized and do the additional cars work as well?
Can you just push cars on the track or must you use the cars supplied?
How do you get the bridge and ramps to stay together? They fall apart the first time a car goes over them. It looks like they should have connectors
what size batteries?
Ours came in a plain, white box with no instructions. Did anyone else get instructions?
I get your supply and demand bit as to why you're charging more, but why $5 for shipping? Just drop them in an envelope? $0.49
what size are the actual stamps?
are these wedding stamps 70 cents each
Can I buy more than one sheet of these roses stamps? I need 8.
You can buy 20 rose stamps at the post office and usps.com for 9.20, why is it 16.75 for them on amazon?
Why does it cost more than a normal stamp?
How many cents per stamp? 46?
If they fall asleep, because my grandkids always do, is the back and sides tall enough to support them sitting up?
The picture shows 4 ropes. Do they come together to hang from just 2 hooks?
Do there legs hand down through the bottom of the swing or is it completely enclosed?
can it sit up straight?
Does this come with the pleasing and decorative wood block?
what is the height of this? what is the wingspan?
are wings flappable?
can you make a lego minecraft dessert?
How many pieces are in this set?
How do you justify the price of this lego set with MSRP of $34.99?
When a box says micro world--are those mini? or regular size (3" people) The
Is this too difficult for an 8 yr old. More for adults?
What is the recommended age for this?
Is this set too young for an avid minecraft or lego playing grandson who enjoys playing both? Or - is there another one you would recommend... tks.
What is the age for this set?
what ages
what is the difference between this one and the one that is $10 more?
does this set come w/ two dolls and two horses?
Does it come with the green base plate?
does this set come with any animals?
dolls included?
age range
How come your price was alot more for the LEGO Family. ToysR Us and WaMrt wanted around$40.00 for this item.
Does'nt this set retail for $59.99? Is this a different stable set? Walmart has it for $38, Target for $49 and Toys' r us $54
does amazon raise the price on LEGO friends?
how many pieces in this set?
Would this set be OK for a girl who is 5? She will have help building it.
what ages is it in
How hard is it to put together, and how long will it take?
Mita the space girl
Are the bags numbered?
easy to build
I do not understand, i received my lego with a lot of problems with the pieces, i can not complete one tower!
is it fun to play with
How I can buy only 3 pieces of this product?
is this both 9474 and 9471 or just 9474
Connect: Can you connect the uruk-hai army pack to the little thing on the back?
Is this worth it? If I get this will it be worth the money and time?
what was the best price u got the lego for? i know is retired now so prices went high... 100? 90? 129?
is this set hard to build?
Does this lego come in a sealed original Lego box?
How many pieces comes with lego star wars jabba's palace 9516
why did th price droppp so much?
Does this seller include all of the minifiigs??
are the minifies included?
Why has the price gone up twice in the last month?
can you ship to singapore?
Can you ship this Lego set to Taiwan? Thanks!
When did it come out?
Do you ship this to Australia?
can you ship to Poland/EU ?
Does Lloyd ZX have the two Golden Swords?
How many legs does the dragon have?
WHAT IS THE COST
of ordering the product could be packed to occupy as little space as possible?
is this brand new in the original bags and box
Shipping to Singapore: can you ship to Singapore?
what is all in it?
Trying to get this set for my cousin but does it have a lord garmadon black guy
It is made in US?
Can you buy an older year calendar and use it this year or are there actual dates on the calendar?
Hs anyone been able to find instructions for each figurine?
how many pieces?
I don't see a background scene or doors to open. Do you have to provide your own grid and setup?
Can you use these year after year (i.e., do they have days of the week paired with dates)?
what age group is this for?
Do you need a baseplate for this house?
Poor quality?? Just bought this....was anyone else a little surprised and disappointed by the quality of the bricks?
how many pieces in this set
Can I speed up the shipping of my order to recieve by Christmas?
Is it compatible with the Lego Friends series? Can we use our Friends figures?
Does it come inside an amazon box?
Is this a new boxed set? How is it shipped?
How big is the Interceptor once built?
What age group is this for?
Is this Includes 3 minifigures?
How many pieces?
Can you ship to taiwan?
What age group is this for?
Hi, can i check with you how did the packaging arrive? Was the kit packed inside an Amazon box and was it much bigger than the actual lego box size? T
I'm wanting to get this for my little brother(7) for Christmas he just built this (http://amzn.to/VDVkS6), but will this be to difficult?
When i refine by AMazon Global Eligible, it appears. however, when I check it out (with &gt; USD$125 in total), free international shipg is not available
how many ninja does it hold?
Would this be okay for an advanced 8 year old
what ninjas does it come with?
How is this lego set for a 5 yr. who is just getting into legos? Or should I choose another?
Is it sturdy
how do I post pictures?
Augur jurist
is there enough room to put all four ninjas in the cockpit? It kinda looks like it is but I'm not sure?
Does this have a pedal so that an older kid can ride without the push handle ?
Does anyone know if these are allowed in EPCOT?
Hello, I want to buy a car for my little child, but I want to know what material are the wheels?? I appreciate your help,. the front wheels turn?
What is the handle for under the hood / storage compartment?
what tools do I need to assemble this?
I'm trying to install this car and just can't :(. I'm stuck trying to fit the axle. I'm using a mallet, but it just won't fit in the plastic body Help
I know it says for 18 months and up..... I have a 9month old that sits on his own and is 22 lbs.... would this work for him now? Thanks!
HI, i know this says the ages go up to 4yrs... my son is a tall 2 year old. Do you think he will still fit good in this?
Does it have a removable floor?
Which one is better? This model or whisper ride?
is the body metal or plastic?
Do the doors open?
Does d car has engine?Can it move with d button or ve 2 pedal?
I have problem inflating this donut. Wonder why? The opening seems like doesn't have a hole to allow the air to go in :/
what are the dimensions of the package box when shipped?
Please let me know if you could send this item to Uruguay South America?
Want to buy this item. Says in Stock Oct 30th. If I do one-day shipping, can you get this to me by Oct. 31st?
What are the dimensions? Diameter of the hole in inches? Circumference? Length from end to end?
Do you ship this iten to Brazil?
do you have pretzel pool float? i want to buy this one and pretzel pool float together
how big is the lenght of it
Can you blow it up normally or do you need a pump?
How many magnetic sheets (with dies) will this case hold? I see it comes with 3 sheets. How many will it hold before it is full?
Does anyone have both brands? The pics are exactly the same including the dies on the pages. So why the big difference in cost?
What are the dimensions of this case? Thanks!
Are both sides of the sheet magnetic, allowing storage on both sides of the sheet?
Does this case work with Anna Griffin Dies?
does it work with framelits?
Will each magnetic sheet hold dies on BOTH sides or just one side?
is this just the case or do the dies come with it?
can we change the wheels ?what is the size of those wheels on the car?
what kind of place does this car drift on
I want know the speed of that car, time of use in full battery, time of recharging the battery, ask for utube link to see the movement in video
the wheels are not turning why is that.
Is it worth it?
Does this tablet has wifi connection?
Can I add new apps for my children to play? I would like to download apps from the marketplace and add them to the kids screen.
how do i find out password
how "deep" is the pool side?
How to efficiently/effortless use it as frequently as every weekend?
does the pool and the slide deflate separately, or together
is it last very long
how "deep" is the pool?
Dd you think it's good for everyday use? Or just a special event thing?
How big is the pool? How high is the slide? Is this suitable for an 11 year old?
is this one the renewal version?
Does this come with the stand piece to attach to his back?
Is it the B type figure or C type figure
How tall is he ?
How tall is it?
What figure bases can be used for Ultraman?
What is the size of this? and does it come with a Beta Capsule?
Is this U-man with all the sets of hands, the beam in hand, energy disc in hand, action flares for the feet, the cape, extra red energy timer, etc?
how heavy is the item?
Hi, I want to purchase this figure, if I buy one now, how long it will take to get there?
Hello. is it trackable ? (USA)
Is this figure a Reissue item?
is this japan or hong kong version?
do you ship to mexico?
What is the logo ? Gold cat without numble ?
What is the cat logo &#xFF1F;gold no numble&#xFF1F;
Is this figure a Reissue item?
How tall is this item?
what is the weight compacity for the single and double tubes?
Do the rafts tear when caught on rocks?
Are these two tubes white as in the picture?
Can these tubes be linked together without tearing or destroying the tube? How hard can the little white rope looping the tube be pulled on?
do these tubes have a quick release valve?
can they be filled by an bicycle air pump or at a gas station or do they require their own unique pump and if so, where can I purchase it?
Do you need any special pump tips to fill them?
can this be used in the pool?
Do these have rings so they can be tied together
Can these be used in the ocean at the beach?
Can you use generic water balloons from the Dollar Store or Walmart?
Are these balloons biodegradable?
How much water can it hold?
How does the tie-not work?
Does the pump break easily?
How many balloons does it fill between refills?
How many balloons does it come with?
Are the supplied balloons made of latex?
Do you know if this also pumps air and not just water?
Is it a Series Four Blister pack
Is it a Series Four Blister pack
Is it a Series Four Blister pack
Hi! Do we receive the figure pictured above or are they random? Thanks so much.
does it come with controller
dose this car come with a charger
is it electric
how fast is it?
is it electric????
CAN I GET THE JOHN FORCE BODY
will this connect to traxxas app or do you have to install telemetry sensors ?
What rocks and minerals are included?
do you have to know how to read to play the game?
Several rock specimens are hard to match to the master rock guide. Does washing them differentiate them better?
will a seven year old be bored with this gift?
what is the age range on this gift? my son is interested in geology but he is 13
how do you play this game?
Is this good for an 11 year old boy?
Age
Age range
Is this ok for a 9yr old boy? Or too babyish?
does it come with the arduino
Can it turn right and left?
Two questions: 1) What is the Gear ratio of the included motors? 2) can i get a single motor to replace one that I have damaged?
do you need a motor shield to run the motors
how much weight can it carry?
Do the wheels on this truck actually rotate?
Does this work with matchbox cars?
how big is it?
iS THIS PLASTIC
age
Is it REALLY $55.00? Think I just saw the same truck at Fred Meyer for less than half that price!
what kind of batteries does it take?
Is this fun for an 8 year old
We have read that not ALL hot wheels cars work with HOT wheels tracks. What cars should we purchase to use with this set?
How long is this race track when folded open for racing?
Does it work with Matchbox cars?
Can someone tell me the if the 20x10 dimensions are open or folded up dimensions?
Can you expand this set to be longer?
How wide is each lane? I'm trying to judge if wider cars, like Lightning McQueen or bigger, can fit on this track.
Does it connect to other track sets?
need more cars
Is a nine year old too old for this doll? Doll seems like it might be for younger girls.
Can the clothes be changed? Are there other outfits that fit?
Is the doll soft or hard rubber?
Good Night, I want know if this product is available in spanish? Thanks for your attention
What age range range would a little one enjoy this doll?
Box says: also has adorable phrases. What are they?
Is the doll pliable enough to sit in a doll high chair?
I want to know the dimensions of the Little mommy's box?
repet speak spanish the doll
speak spanish the doll repet
does this work with mini ipad
is this compatable with android tablets?
can they be used on any tablets? or are they just for ipads.
Can the yippits interact with the newbies? or only the figit can interact with them?
does it work
DO THEY TAKE BATTERYS
sophia
How big is it?
Does the dolls arms and legs bend?
Do the boxes still say 2012 on them or are those pictures just old?
1st picture dress/crown is light blue, second is dark blue, which is it?
Are her knees jointed? Can she sit?
Does she have removable shoes in addition to the keep sake shoe??
Is the dress removable?
What are the shipping dimensions of the box? I need to send overseas.
Has anyone had any problems with the red ink rubbing off like with another block set? Are they truly "drool resistant"?
The blocks arrived without instructions!! Are they someplace online or can I have them sent?
Are the bricks already assembled?
What do I do as the blocks arrived with no 'drool resistant coating' as stated in description and I want the ones that are plastic coated
What do I do as the blocks arrived with no 'drool resistant coating' as stated in description and I want the ones that are plastic coated
what frequency does it run on? can it switch frequencies?
What is the scale?
Does it run on rechargeable batteries? Come with a charger? It list 1 9 volt battery- that can't be all it uses!
Is the rider detachable?
Was there supposed to be an intenia for the remote controller??
how fast is it?
want to buy 2 extra rechargable battery's, they have two many types, which is the right one for this bike? I type in 700mAh 4.8V AAA Battery,
How can I make it do a backflip?
what age group is the cyber remote control helicopter for? Can children around age 6 use it?
does it run in the grass ?
can the clothes be changed?
the doll speaks in Spanish?
What the age appropriate ?
what kind of batteries
how long do the lullaby's last
Is this a baby beans doll?
can be changed to Spanish
Can someone please let me know what kind of batteries this actually needs? I'm not sure what this means: 3 Nonstandard Battery batteries required.
Does the doll speaks in Spanish , ie phrases Saying says in Spanish ?
Is the pigtail permanent? Can we comb her hair, carefully?
THIS DOLL HAS ENGLES / SPANISH SWITCH
I have on layby a all gone baby alive doll but it itis not like these posted on this site it has curly hair that u can brush need dimensions can u help
How tall is the doll?
speak spanish?
speak spanish?
Are her knees and elbows jointed?
is her hair black?
How tall are Katniss and Peeta in the set that includes the pin?
Does it come with a stand? My daughter would not play with it but use it as decoration.
Is this the original price?
Are the wrists jointed in this newer version?
Did anyone else have problems getting her to hold the bow?
Do you ship to Norway?
Do the clothes come off? Thanks!
Do the arrows come out of the shaft
please can u tell me size of the package box?
Does this come with vehicles? It says "xx vehicles" are included?
Where does part A go
How do you prevent the shark from dropping down every time a car passes. Ours doesn't drop down ramdomly.
Are any batteries required
Does it come with stickers?
Do you combine shipping?
Does Captain America come with the shield?
Is the Captain America from the Avengers set or the Avengers Assemble set ?
What are the dimensions of the box? Will it fit in a large piece of luggage?
Does this set have tires? I'm looking for both small and large tires for making a dragster.
Are these the mini K'NEX pieces or the larger ones?
Hi I would like to ask how many kgs or lbs is this set without the container?
does it have any tiny pieces?
I this case of k'nex how many sealed packages are there...I get there are over 700 pieces I'm wondering how many sealed packages are included?
How much does it weigh?
does it have extra accessories to snap?
Since this set does not come with the running mechanism, can I still build a ferris wheel that rotates (by hand)?
How many tires are included in this set?
will cold water affect it?
How long does the boat run (with a set of batteries)?
will it run on ocean waves
If the boat capsizes is there a feature that flips it upright? Also is it possible to operate 2 of these boats at the same time?
how would this boat catch fire?
How fast does it go
can I order 3 boats and get 3 different radio frequencies?
what size
Does this come in more than one frequency?
how do you steer the boat and how fast does it go?
is it remote control
Is it a 1:43 slot car
Whats the difference between these slots and the SCX slots?
does it come with remote control
will this car run on a Carerra Digital 132 track?
Hi, can i check with you how did the packaging arrive? Was the kit packed inside an Amazon box and was it much bigger than the actual lego box size? T
This product is $179.00 at the Lego store, why is it so expensive here?
does it come with the description plaque like in the 2nd pic
So I have the LEGO online store open right now, and this is 179. I was at a store last night and it was the same. Why is this so expensive here?
Does it move?
This product was $179 two days ago. Why is it listed at $249 today
Does this come with the instructions?
How do you get the retractable third leg to come out enough? I have it, and while the leg retracts and can touch the ground if the droid is standing straight up, it does not extend enough to touch the ground if the droid is angled forward like he is in...
does this mini games explorer work in a leapfrog leappad2?
Does this contain the full version of each of these games or is it a "mini version" of the apps you can purchase to download to the leappad?
Does this work with Leappad Ultra
Does this work with a Leapster GS?
Petite 3yr. old, 7"bike is too small, 12"bike is way too big. Would this bike be @ 10" for her?
Is this made in the USA or China?
Are the tires inflatable real bike tires?
Are the tires hard plastic or rubber?
What is the distance from the ground to the seat when th he seat is in the highest position?
what is the distance from the ground that the seat is at the lowest setting?
Is the height of the handlebars adjustable?
My 2 year old is in the 99th percentile for height. Will this bike fit a tall toddler?
I have a 2 year old grandson weighing 28 pounds. Is this balance bike too big for him?
I have a large 5 year old (100th percentile in height and weight), 58lbs just over 4ft tall, would this fit him?
What is the cu icon for ? How do i eliminate or tone down channel 4 in stick mode 2, it interfears with my throttle manuplations .
What version of the transmitter does the heli include?
Is there another battery that I could use with a higher mAh?
I crashed the MJX F645 F45 Helicopter in a field. Nothing is broken; however, it will now only spin around like a top. Ideas?
Does anyone know once the charger turns green, does it stop charging or does it keep going. Trying to prevent over charge.
is there a battery that last a bit longer than the one it comes with?
how big a micro sd card can I use in the camera?
What is the range on this helicopter?
Does anyone know how to remove the balance beam? I need to change mine out.
I purchased this heli at a great price,imreally excited about it,but when I start it rotating it from the ground,it wants to keep pulling to left,
CAN 2 SETS BE BOUGHT AND USED TOGETHER?
Is this like a gun set? The boy I am buying it for, the parents are against guns and violence!
Does this toy really have a laser? Is it dangerous for kids' eyes?
Can 4 people play together? I saw somewhere that someone explained how 4 people could play but I cannot find it.
Has anyone actually used these outside during the day? These would be for outdoor use only for the kids. If it does work, approx range?
how the discovery kids lazer tag works
Is this laser supposed to be 1 or 2 spaceships?
Can this game be played outside as well as inside?
Can you purchase 2 sets so that 4 people can play together?
Does this come with two guns?
Is this an Internet game only or can you just play it on PS3?
Thist game have spanish sub?
I'm living in SIngapore(asia). Can I download the DLCs with my asia psn account or must I set up US psn account?
Does this game have an option for skill level? Can it be played on "easy" or "beginner" for instance?
Will this game play on PS4?
I bought this game, and comes without a code for Harley Queen's Revenge, is this normal?, or I'm doing something wrong?
I didn't receive a code to download the bonus content. How can I get this content?
Is internet connection required to play this game?
Why does the cover say "Internet connection required"? I might gift this to someone and I don't know if his PS3 has an internet connection or not.
does it come with the Catwoman Pack, Robin Bundle Pack, Nightwing Bundle Pack, Arkham City Skins Pack and Challenge Map Pack
quality
Size and usability wise, do you think this size is better or the slightly larger 7.5 inch version for an adult doing the winding? 3yo hold reel only
On the blue winder how deep is the string winder groove which holds the string and how wide is the inside of the groove that holds the string?
Just received my reels; where/how exactly do you tie/connect the kite string to the reel? Thanks.
How large are these balls? Around tennis ball or baseball size? Some reviews are saying they are golfball size.
Looks like a great Product, But has anyone noticed that the 5 star is not correct?
Is there a reason why so many people are claiming that they have received an incomplete set?
are the stars 3d or like paper thin
why is the five star ball wrong
How big are your balls?
All dragon balls are good
and you still have some in stock right
Do you ship to America?
Im about to order can you make sure I get the whole set no doubles, no defects please.
Are all of the dolls names Payton?
Is the doll shown in the picture with the stripe outfit the one for sale?
Are the eyes blue?
Does the shoes come off
do the eyes move
Does the bottle open?
are these dolls phthalate-free?
there is a pic of a different doll included&hellip;this sale is for the one with yellow ducky dress, right?
Does the doll have on a diaper? My niece loves changing diapers on her baby doll.
Is this baby cabbage patch kid the blonde hair and blue eyed one? or the blonde hair with brown eyes? thanks
How tall is she?
what is the difference between the 59.99 doll and this 29.99 one??
Will this set come with the blue &amp; yellow train shown in the picture?
Does this come with the blue and yellow engine or the green engine?
What are the demensions once the track is set up? Can it be put on a 4 x 8 sheet of plywood?
Does this set come with the color trains (blue, red, white, grey) in the above picture. If not what are the colors? Thank you in advance.
what 10 points are articulated on this frankenstein
Is this okay for a toddler to play with? What is it made of?
Are there any other monster figurines in this line besides the Creature from the Black Lagoon and Frankenstein?
what range can you control the car to it limit?
Can you put two cars on different channels in order to operate them at the same time with two different remotes?
Can it drive on water
What&acute;s the frequency of the transmitter/receiver, 27 or 49MHZ?
Can two of these be played with at the same time or will one remote control both? Is there a way to put each remote on a different bandwidth?
what kind of charge is it?
does her head move on her own, or do you move it.
Is she still soft of cuddle round her middle or do her batteries made her hard
how big is she?
what size baby clothes does she wear?
Does she have full arms &amp; legs, instead of the usual 3/4?
Is her body made of vinil or cloth?
is her hair hand applied or rooted
what size baby clothes does chloe wear
does the doll have a vinyl body or a soft body? Also, is it anatomically correct? Thank you.
Do her elbows &amp; knees unbend? It says she's fully poseable.
what songs does this toy play?
does the microphone amplify or is it pretend?
Can you turn the flashing lights off?
Will the 40 different songs play by just selecting the letter and number or do the plastic coins need to be inserted first?
Do you have to have the coins for it to work? I'm scared we will lose them.
Is it possible to add songs in Spanish?
Does the jukebox play the full song, or just a line or two? Is the singing voice "pleasant" (like the great voices that LeapFrog toys use)?
How do you turn it on? My 3 yr old great grandson is blind and LOVES music.
Will it play without the coins
Does this stroller fold up for storage? How tall is it (inches from floor to handle)?
what size dolls does it hold?
What size dolls will it hold. Will it hold Cabbage Patch dolls?
Can the graco doll car seat fit in this stroller?
HOW DO I FOLD IT??
does it come with the dolls in the picture?
Is the handle adjustable to allow for children of different heights?
does it fold
Does the thermal vision actually work? Can it really see heat signatures or does it just add random color splotches to make it look like it does
Does the night vision really work
Is this too young for a 13 year old?
Is there a way to shut off the infa-red beam and use only the passive aspect of the goggles in the dark?
Help, Which is better? this one or the Eyeclops Pacific Jakks one that is priced alot higher? Wondering if my 11 soon to be 12 year old will like. Thanks
How do I remove the green filter? It's on night mode, it's not on thermal or recon mode. It's just green and I can't disable it?
does it need batteries for night vision or just to record
Can you strap it to your head so you don't have to hold it?
is this a toy
how can you see ferther then 50 feet with the eye clops
how deep is cooler when inflated?
what is the length (inches)
How do I blow it up
how many can soda or beers it can hold
What kind of frog is it? Is it aquatic? Land frog? Or water frog? When it matures, what kind of habitat does it need?
What kind of frog is it and how big will it grow?
Does this come with food?
does a tadpole come with this or is it an egg like with sea monkeys?
how long do they live
does the kit have food for the tadpole AND frog?
does the tadpole come with this kit or do you send a coupon in to get it delivered
Does the aquarium come when the tadpole is sent? We've ordered 2 kits and neither had an aquarium in it.
Does the tadpole come with the kit?
I was wondering what type of frog it will be? I want to make sure when we release it, that it's O.K. to do in our area.
What's the most powerful motor/esc can you hook up to this thing?
Will this reciever bind with SkyArtec nasa 701 transmiter?
Will this receiver work with the DX6i?
I'm thinking of using this for the Super Cub LP, will this work with the stock 1300MAH 11.1v battery? Any other compatible Batteries?
Will the DX6 work with this? I saw on Horizon it is not compatible but read somewhere that was an error and it does work. Can anyone confirm?
Will this 4 channel work with Elevon mixing on a flying wing? Also how many channels should I look for with that type of aircraft?
Will this receiver work with a Flutaba T4YF with an Any Link?
Does this receiver, come with Factory packaging
Does this come with the bind key? The picture show's it but I can't see it in the description. Also does anyone know if it works with the DX5e?
Will this receiver work with the DX8?
is it easy to assemble
is it 6 different things with one solar panel or can you only build one at a time?
Can these be taken apart and put back together? I am thinking of using these in my classroom each year.
how does the boat work
Does it have a remote control?
hi im looking to get a solor powered car for my son's project for school if i buy the 1 pcs would i get the car ?
what sizes
What size is this costume?
What size is this?
Can a 7 year old wear this
What size is it?
what is the safety of this product
Is there any combined shipping?
How tall is it?
Does it include the shield?
is this lights notebook?
is the book a hard cover, or a papper back?
can the cover come off? cause i ordered a death note and the pages are replaceable because the cover can come off.
are the rules in english?
Does it have blank pages to write out names of our choice?
I have the Tag Reader but not a Tag Pen. Do you need the pen or is just the Tag Reader fine?
does it work with writing pen?
Where do I purchase a tag pen?
Does this book need a talking pen?
Is this too basic for a kindergarten kid?
Will this work with the LeapFrog LeapReader Reading &amp; Writing System or ONLY with Tag?
Do you have to have the Tag Pen in order to use this book? Should I purchase both?
Does this work with LeapPad ultra?
why do i need an internet access for cartridges?
Does not seem to work withLeapPad2. Does it require any setup?
Does this work on LeapPad3?
Would this work with a leapster explorer?
Will this work with LeapTV?
what am I buying here? Is it a cartridge or a download?
Does it work with the leappad explorer
Does this lworks with leappad ultra
Does this work with the leappad 2?
we have the Leap Pad 2 and it does not fit??? the velcro is not even close to closing...?
Can the LeapPad2 fil into the handbag with a Gel Skin attached to the Pad?
Will this fit a LeapPad3?
Will it fit a Ultra?
Will it fit leap pad ultra ?
Can you also fit the AC adaptor and car adaptor in the bag with everything else?
Does this Leappad with gel cover fit? Does the Leappad fit in this case while wearing the gel case?
Can these be used with a regular Tag, (NOT Tag Junior, but the regular one)?
will it work with the leapreader pen?
Do the cards talk, or does the frog talk? If its the frog, do these cards come with the frog? If not, what is the frog called?
is these cards work with leap reader also
Do these cards work with the regular Tag system or only the Tag Jr?
Will these work with the LeapReader as well?
So does the battery recharge while it's plugged in? Or do you take it out of the device and plug them in on a wall device?
Does this work with the original Leappad? The batteries die SO quick with this model.
Does this work with the leappad2 explorer ?
Can you still use the gel skin cover with AC adapter pack
Does this battery pack work with the leap pad 2 GLO?
Do you think it is necessary to have more than one set of these for one LeapPad2?
How do you actually recharge the rechargable Batteries?
is this correct charger for leapfrog2explorer?
Changing batteries on lesp pad 2
can only a pair of these batteries work on the leappad or two pairs since the leappad has provision for 2 pairs of batteries?
Is this game compatible with the LeapPad 2?
does it require the internet?
Is this game compatible with the LeapPad 3?
does this work with leap frog leap pad 2 explorer?
I'm a little confused. Is this (Thomas &amp; Friends Ultra eBook ) a stand alone product or do I have to buy something else to make it work? Thanks
She says he is getting a LeapPad Ultra and wanted me to get the Thomas the train game to go with it. What is the difference in a eBook and the cartridge?
does this work with leapster explorer?
Is this game compatible with Leapster Explorer?
Is this game different than the art studio that comes with the LeapPad2?
So does this have the little disc that goes inside the leadpad?
can this game be used on the LeapPad2?
Does all leap pad games fit with the leap pad ultra?
can this be used with the orginial leap pad?
Does the game have to be played from the cartridge, or can you download it into the leappad memory?
We live in New Zealand and have the leappad2 Explorer. Does anyone know if this application would be compatible in New Zealand?
do you need an internet connection to do anything with this game
does it work with leapfrog and leappad?
Does this game work with LeapPad 2?
would the straps attach in a shopping cart or a stroller (to belly car)? is it velcro or button?
Will this product work with the Leappad Ultra?
Does this case fit the Leap pad Ultra??
what is the pouch that it says it comes with? how many cartidges does it hold?
Will this fit a leappad 3?
Will the leappad 2 fit in this with the gel case or will I need to remove it first?
does it work for the leappad 2 ultra
does anybody know if this will fit the InnoTab by Vtech?
Is This for the leappad 1 too?
Can someone direct me to the videos for viewing one would need to use this case for??
It says that you only have one to purchase, I would like to purchase 40 dog and cat balloons, when will you get more in stock?
Hi there. I would like to purchase 15 dinosaurs and 15 dogs. Do you have this in stock and how can I place the order?
What email address do use to specify which animals I would like?
How long will shipping take?
Can I order specific animals only? Do I place the order first or email?
I need to know how big these animal walking balloons are.
Do you have any pugs among your dog balloons?
Hi, Are there Dinosaurs available? Can you add a picture with those or tell me if they can be requested? How? Thanks!
Can i order with no cats?
Hi- I would like to request certain animals and I need 2 of each, how would i go about sending in a request?
Can this be used at a lake?
It looks pretty large. Is it good for above ground pools?
how much weight does this hold?
What is the size of the package? I mean the size of the box it comes.
How do you blow it up?
Can I use this on grassy surfaces (like the park) or on a solid foundation? I need a response ASAP Thanks
does it ripe easily
Do the wheels swivel?
Is it adjustable?
Would an 18inch doll fit this stroller?
We received this stroller for Christmas and already the seat is ripping out. How can I get a replacement for a defective product?
is it suitable and tall enough for a 8 year old?
Is the buckle a real buckle? Does the sun shade fold up?
Is there a way to lock the handles so that it doesn't collapse when the toddler is pushing it?
Are the wheels rubber or plastic?
do the wheels swivel or turn?
how tall is it?
Is this big enough for Barbie size dolls?
Is the swing functional?
how tall is it?
what size of doll will fite this doll house?
What is the tree made out of? Wood? Seems like it has the potential to get beat up in normal play unless it is made of something sturdy.
What is the size of Fancy Nancy Dollhouse
how much does it weight?
does it fot 18 inch dolls
What size dolls fit in the house? Does it fit Barbie sized dolls? Thanks!
Does it include all the furniture?
these are not inflated when delivered, correct? I'd have to find helium somewhere?
Did these balloons come inflated?
do u get all 6 balloons?
Is there only one figure in each package?
Is there only one figure in each package?
If I order 10 of these, will I get 10 different ones or all the same?
Is there something to hold on to inside to keep them on? Are they big enough for 8-10 year olds? Thank-you!
The ad includes "(8)" beside the title but the description says only 1 hook is included. Please clarify. Is it 1 or 8 hooks that are included?
Is it still 8 hooks for total of $9 + shipping? At the bottom description, it said includes1 plastic hook. Can seller clarify please?
Is this 1 hook like the item description says, or 8 like is implied in the parenthesis in the title?
What is the result interval? E.g. nearst whole number, nearest 0.5, nearest 0.1?
What does "Lo Ion"refer to?
I ordered from "Your Healthy Choices" &amp; received one with 4 months to expiration. Seller says it's still OK for a year past expiration. Is that true?
Follow up question: Do you have pH test strips that go lower than 5.5 for use with urine to test the body's acidity/alkaline?
Can these test strips be used on saliva or urine to get the body's pH? I have your other testing strips, but lowest they go is 5.5 (need lower)
So you're saying it reads to the nearest whole number. e.g. 1, 2, 3, ....5, 6, 7, 8?
IS THE BaLL INCLUDED?
Can the glove be used for both left handers and right handers?
Can the glove be submersed in the pool?
does this come with two gloves?
Is a ball included with purchase of the glove?
can the camera come off
How high can this chopper go?
does it come with the camera
Mini Versa S977 Spy RC helicopter - 3.5CH Spy helicopter with Photo/Video button " How hours to play with it and thats I am asking for right now .....
How long does it record for?
Does it come complete with charger and is it easy to download pics and video to computer ?
what's its flight time
Do you need batteries for it or does it need a charger?
What are the dimensions?
how high can it go
Dose it fly?
Can the wheels be removed or folded in ?
Does it come with a display stand and if so can the model be removed and replaced on the display stand?
What are the actual dimensions of this plane?
does this model come prebuilt or is it a kit?
what does the poem say?
Do you get all 3 for $15.87 or just one?
Where are these made?
I want to order 7 - will they all be different?
will you have dammit dolls for bowlers soon
do you do individual dammit dolls( for instance a bowling dammit doll? (for bowlers)
after looking at one chose a pink one and did not realize that it was for Cancer are these were different do these have the same phrase?
Is the poem on the key chain doll?
We would love to give these as trophies at a dog show. Can a logo be applied to the back?
what about overseas shipping?
can it fly outside
I got this helicopter. worked so good. Now for some reason it won't hover steady. walbels around out of control. Please advise on how to fix. Thanks
How much flying time on battery charge
We just opened the box and charged it. It started to run, then stopped and is dead. Tried to charge it again, but still won't work at all? Thoughts?
I can not get it to hover in place. It always drifts left. Is the a way to correct this?
Is this the same as the so called "new 3.5 channel" versions?
will it fly outdoors
do you have to pay $15.00 for the bonus parts and the AC charger?
I see a few reviews that say they did not get the accessories - this is going to my father for Xmas - can you guarantee all the parts will be sent?
how far can it go with out getting out of range from the controller
if i need to cover a 31 x 40 square foot with this playground, how many packages of $189.00 i need to buy?
Could anybody give me an advise if I can put it directly on the California dirt? The install guide says some granualr surfice. Thanks!
can you put it inside basement under a playground?
20ft x 18ft = 360 sq ft. Divided by each tile 2ft x 2ft = 4 sq ft 360 / 4 = 90 tiles. 90 / 5 tiles per package = 18 packages.
It is necessary to use an adhesive when installing?
Does it include the pins for installation?
What games are in the device?
rECOMMENDED AGES?
Does this have Euchre as one of it's games?
does it have Packman on it?
what size is it
What type of batteries does it take?
is this suiyable for a 13 year old
are batteries included?
Is this toy reliable?
pinochle
What games are in the device?
rECOMMENDED AGES?
Does this have Euchre as one of it's games?
does it have Packman on it?
what size is it
What type of batteries does it take?
is this suiyable for a 13 year old
are batteries included?
Is this toy reliable?
pinochle
Are the Merida dolls still turning green? Conflicting reviews are confusing
Are this doll's clothes removable? I wanted to use it for a Wilton doll skirt cake (wrap legs in plastic wrap and insert into cake). Thanks, Deborah
I purchased the Merida and Queen Elinor Dolls and they were turning green in less than one week. How frequently is this happening to others?
do all the Merida dolls have crossed eyes (i.e. not totally symmetrical pupils) or is mine defective?
Do these stand up unassisted or not?
Does anyone think her face is creepy?
Is this Merida definitely the version that comes with the bow and arrow? I heard the newer ones that Disney puts out don't come with it.
some disney dolls have bathingsuits painted under their clothes (so they are neve naked). does this one have that?
are these lead free?
what r the spin control and speed ratings?
Photos shows paddle cover, does this paddle coem with a cover/case? What is in the package?
I got mine few days ago, How do I know if is a real DHS Paddle? It&acute;s not listed on neither of their website.
Photos don't show the width. How thick is the rubber?
Will I have to wait 3+ weeks to receive this item in Los Angeles, CA?
Anyone have any idea on how does this compare to DHS Ping Pong Paddle A6002?
how many plys of wood is the blade
I order this and it said it's being shipped all the way from China??? What's going on? My friend ordered the same one and he got his in three days.
i need a rubber to play against short pips and long pips
I am 75 years old mid level plyer. I play 3 times a week using DHS X series carbon racket and I am looking for little lighter than this . what kind do you recomand?
Do the wheels come off
How to charge the air hogs ground assault
what size and quantities batteries does this product use?
batteries?
Hi, I have a Motorola G, it fits this accessory? Is There an application for Android?
what app game do i download from playstore?
does this work with kindle fire?
Does this work on iphone 5c?
How wide and deep are the bays for the little cars?
how many cars can fit in the truck?
Will the Planes micro drifters fit into this case?
Does it have a handle to carry
Includes the Micro Drifters vehicles? or only Mack Transporter Rolling Display Case?
where or how would you get this inflated?
Can you blow this up with a regular balloon pump or does it have to be helium please?
I need to ship to dubai... Wil it come inflates or normal????
Please get this to me by May 30th. I need it for a recital that weekend thanks
Hello I am looking to purchase this balloon can you guarantee delivery to me before my event may 17th, shipping to boston Ma
how does the mickey stay on the floor??
can this be inflated with normal air
How fun and playable is this figure?
Does this figure have that peg where you attach the abdomen area to his chest area or does this figure not have that?
Does his head move around alot when playing with him?
Does his head move around alot when playing with him?
how tall figure as such?
Is it easy to replace the battery? thanks
I never used a remote for a F45 heli. I turn the heli and remote on nothing happens. Need help thank you
It is compatible with Syma S33?
how do I plug in the battery wire into the circuit board?
does it increase flight time the 7.4 battery
does this work with the syma f1 armor???
I am looking for a battery for a gruff destroy racing buggy knl 7.4V 1100mah longer plug has circle and square plug will this work?
Do these have GOOD soldering connections?The other 2 batts I have,the leads pop off soldering!Not fun to soldering on a battery with +\ - so Close
To store a li ion battery do you charge to 50 % or 100 % .
What is the discharge rate of this battery?
I see the scale listed, but how long is this thing in inches from head to tail?
is the zoid pre-built with only its armor and weapons needing to be put on? is the zoid itself diecast metal?
Does it come in the original box? and are the instructions included?
Are these HMM models motorized like the old Hasbro ones? Are they more poseable than the old Hasbro ones?
How many parts can I expect?
I just got this for my daughter for Christmas a we are following all the instructions but it does not seem to work, has anyone else had this problem?
Is there some kind of refill?
Would markers from the Crayola marker maker work with this so kids could use custom colors with it?
what is the biggest problem
Some people say it does work, and some say it does not. Which would you guarantee correct?
My daughter painted on paper without the pump. She damaged some markers. Is is posible to fix them? Do they sell individual markers (no the refill)?
does it waste the marker??????
does it work on skin?
Does it work on plastic
can you use other coulors not from the package
what are the special markers? Can they be replaced when needed. Where can you purchase them?
is there an on off switch?
Does this item come with markers
could i use my own image and just place on lens?
what kind of batteries and how many?
what age for this item
We just bought this for our daughter for Christmas and it seems really loud when on. Is that normal or should I take it back?
Saw on 2 reviews that you could buy an AC adapter to go with this toy but don't see where??
Is it including a charger
How can I get another Stylus Pen for the "Crayola Digital Light-Designer"? We lost ours.
Does is come with AC cord
batteries operated? and if it comes with power supply, don't it support 220v too?
what age are they for?
hi there...my daughter is 6yrs old and wears a 13 indian size..would these fit her??
adjustable ?
How high is the heel?
How do the shoes come packaged?
What age/sizes do these shoes fit?
will this shoe fits a child's size 1 shoe age 7
Will this fit a Syma S33 RC helicopter?
can it work for a gt qs8006 3.5 channel helicopter
what is the L - W - H of landing gear, not heli.
Does anyone know if the original Mobigo games work in the Mobigo 2? Thanks
What games does it come with?
Does anyone know if a foreign language mobigo2 cartridge will work in an english speaking Mobigo2 unit or vice versa?
What is the difference between MobiGo and MobiGo 2?
the pink mobigo2 is $30 and the orange is $50. Is that merely for color or are they different?
Does this come with the headphones?
Is the case really necessary?
Works in Spanish language?
I see that the Mobigo 2 takes batteries and that you can buy a power cord. Can it be charged with a power cord, like an iPad?
how do you charge the mobiego
can these be used for a portable dvd players?
How long are the wires?
What is the db rating on these?
Will they fit my 1 year old?
Are these bendable or will they break if handled by rough hands? :)
Will these be loud enough for a two year old to use on an airplane?
Do these headphones fold up?
Will these work with the Leapad 2?
Do these fit well? My three year old son is small for his age and I'm wondering if these will be too big.
Why are these only compatible with VTech products? I'd buy them if they were good for anything.
can these be used for a portable dvd players?
How long are the wires?
What is the db rating on these?
Will they fit my 1 year old?
Are these bendable or will they break if handled by rough hands? :)
Will these be loud enough for a two year old to use on an airplane?
Do these headphones fold up?
Will these work with the Leapad 2?
Do these fit well? My three year old son is small for his age and I'm wondering if these will be too big.
Why are these only compatible with VTech products? I'd buy them if they were good for anything.
I want to get my 3 year old granddaughter either a inno tab 2 or the leap pad 2 . I don't want her to outgrow it too fast . Which one?
Removing profiles? How do I remove a profile (or more) from the InnoTab 2?
My 2 children (ages 8 and 5) have DS. They love Wiggles videos and ABC's. With so many types of these electronics, WHICH ONE TO GET?? HELP?
Do you have to have Internet service/wifi to use the innotab2?
Do original Innotab games work with the Innotab 2?
What is the warranty on this VTech Inno Tab 2?
i have a 14 month old. is he to young for this one?
I have an 8 year old daughter--very smart. Would the Inno Tab be worth the money for an 8 year old and if not, any other suggestions for under $100?
do you have to buy games for this toy? When you push these buttons, do things appear, or is it necessary to purchase more games, etc to make it work?
Will Innotab game cartridge work in the Innotab 2?
can be configured to letters in Spanish are heard??
Does anyone know if another brand of blocks will work with the top section as a building surface? I'm thinking MegaBlok or Duplo.
How often are you replacing the batteries?
My activity cube only came with 7 alphabet blocks. Are the remaining 6 hiding somewhere in the cube, or am I just short?
Has anyone else noticed what the response is when 911 is dialed? 'Hello, Pig' is on this one. Is it on all of them???
In the song that ends with "...Play with Letter Blocks, All Day!" They don't say "letter," but instead it says "Ledger." This happen others?
I have a Vtech sit-to-stand train that came with block letters. Will those same block letters also work with this Vtech Activity Cube?
Does anyone know where I can find replacement letter blocks? I am missing one of them, and would love to have a complete set!
hello, you can change the language to Spanish?
Have the incorrect letters and grammar issues been fixed?
On our VTech keyboard, the keys light up to show our daughter which keys to hit and when to hit them in order to play a given song. Do the drums?
what is the size?
recommended ages
Is this a loud toy? I know it makes noise, but is there any volume control or anything?
does it comes with batteries and if not what kind does it take.
best forwhat ages
is there a similiar toy for 5 and 6 years old
can they play it with their hands
Is a ,just turned 4 year old too old for this?
Is this also in spanish?
If i purchase 3 Innotab 2's can one game be downloaded to all three tabs?
does this work for innotab maxx?
Does this work with the Innotab 3?
good afternoon This set comes in Spanish?
does this work for innotab 2
Does this work on the basic V.Reader from vtech?
DOES THIS WORK WITH THE INNO TAB 2
can be used with the Spanish language?
age
can the sound be turned off?
Does it have language options? I would love to buy one and configure it in Spanish
How tall is the seat? Can a 1 year old get on and off by herself?
What age is this toy for?
Can this be used outside to be pushed on concrete? I am looking for a toy that can be used outside and inside for my very active 1 year old.
Where is this toy made? My son is adament that the baby gets nothing made in China.
Can this be used as a learn to walk toy? The pictures look like you can push it with the bar up but it doesn't say so
Would this work in innotab 2s?
am very interested in this product, has the option to change the language to Spanish?
games are only in English or be translated to Spanish?
Will the switch on it still work in extremely cold temperature without becoming inoperable, such as, in the vacuum of empty space?
are batteries included
do I need to purchase batteries separately
Is it too bright for a one yearold
Recommended age group
Will the flashlight work without the music on?
what are the songs?
We have a very smart two year old, is this too easy for him
will this work underwater?
carrying case for the accessories...I'm not seeing one. What color is it and does it snap into the back? I'm guessing it got left in box and thrown out!
Could this be used by an 18 month old if the accessories were removed?
Just to be certain before I make the purchase, can you still doodle without it being turned on?
the box shows french language , can we turn the "sound" to french?
Can the music be stopped?
Do I have a defective one? Does anyone else's picture disappear after seconds of being drawn on? Also, our grid is not straight.
Does it work for left-handed kids?
appropriate age
For what age
What kind of "facts" does it talk about?
Are all the Inno Tab software compatible whether I buy the first generation, 2 or 2s?
is there a rechargeable battery for Innotab 2?
Does this work with the innotab 3?
Does this work for the 3s
Can this work with V readers
What is difference between the age 4-6 and 5-7 Jake and the Pirates games? My 6-yr old grandson has not played the 4-6 one. Is it worth getting the younger one or just buying the age 5-7 game?
These games also work with InnoTab 2 vtech Storio? thank you very much
how big is it
what is the age group?
what batteries are required
Has anyone changed the batteries? The screw to get into the battery pack is unusual. Wondered if anyone actually had that screwdriver head on hand or
Does this Vtech work on a carpet or just hard surfaces
Are the batteries already installed? it says test me but nothing happens
what are some of what it says.
stopped talking
do you have to have internet access or a computer for the toy?
My dino only speaks french...is there a way to fix that???
Any "aggressive" phrases?
How loud is this toy? My nephew loves both dinosaurs &amp; vehicles but I dont want to get him something that will annoy his parents!
Has anyone faced the problem of not being able to switch the screen back to Dino after a few months of playing? Any solution to that? Thanks!
My son, 3, loves it and can change it no problem, but the racecar driver is the only thing we see and hear. How do we get the dino back?
For what age is this toy?
What kind of "facts" does it talk about?
what is size of this toy?
hello, has sounds in Spanish, thanks
Boys will love playing with this? Really??
What age child is this recommended for?
can you type in any word you want at any time?
Brilliant pad 7026C
Can the motion feature be turned off? It looks like there is a button to do so.
does it teach the alphabet
Does it just play melodies or are there lyrics also?
How many songs does it play?
what size batteries does it require?
age on toy
What does "instrument names" refer to? Which songs are played and are they sung in normal voices? Thanks for a quick response . . I'm on a timetable
Can you use wifi on this tablet?
Does this use the same adapter as the Vtech Mobigo? Are the game cartridges the same for both tablet and Mobigo?
What do you want to know about Vtech InnoTab 2 Learning App Tablet - Pink?Can you download more advanced apps as your child ages?
WHAT IS THE LANGUAGE?
What are the language used
does this product have wifi
what is the age group?
what leanguages use this tab?
does it need to attach to a computer?
why is the newer model of vtech inno tab3 lesser cheaper than the 2
Do you recommend this or the Vtech InnoTab 3?
Where can i find more free games downloads for mobigo 2.
Does this run on batteries? If not how does it charge?
does the newest version accept the old games?
Do mobigo 2 games come with spanish option?
Does the unit come with a case?
Will it good for a two year old boy?
Do I need to buy cartridge for mobigo2 separately?
Help, I bought this for my Niece's 3 yr old son for his birthday. He is SOOO excited...BUT...they went to turn it on &amp; the screen is "white"....&amp; there "is" sound. Did this happen to anyone else?
how to change the language could it be in Spanish thanks
Do you have to build it from a kit ?
Does it work with iPhone 6?
What batteries does it use?
do you have to build it
Will this work ok on a kindle fire?
what is d exact size of the table and is it electronic air hockey with air?
does it work on an ipad mini?
does it use gas
do i have to shift gears at all?
how big is this
so how do i chose the color on it
what color is this
is it for adults only????(can kids use it)
Is this legal to drive in VA?
what is the MPG on this bike?
Does this bike come with tittle of owner ship???
Does the product come with helmet &amp; gloves?
can this be home made
how do you build the tower so that it starts at 3'6"? If you build it 3 bricks per row it is LESS than 3' and missing 2 blocks.
Deos this item come with a carrying case/box or some sort of way to contain the blocks?
Is it possible to wear these and juggle at the same time? I'm a court jester for the Queen... and would like to use these for part of my act.
depth of field, and focal length?
can you remount them to use both eyes to see?
May I use these glasses to repair electronic circuits, soldering SMD components with hot air gun?
how is the led powered, with batteries or cord? what size and how many?
Can you look through both at one time or not?
what batteries does the glasses use
Is each individual loupe 10x magnification? Or is each individual loupe 20x magnification? TY
These state they are .69 plus shipping, but when you click to purchase they are $7.29 plua shipping. Why the difference?
I have charged the batteries as told how to and I have tried to get it to work the light keeps blinking on the Copter and will not respond what to do?
Can I buy three of these with different transmit/receive frequencies so all three could be flown at the same time?
does it hold a charge
what age recomended
Is this an Infa-red controller?
is it for indoor or outdoor use? Thanks.
One month ago, I bought this helicopter. Now, it doesn't work right and it was not a break of component. The engine of the tail sometimes work, sometimes doesn't and when it works, it is irregular... Impossible to take the control. The helicopter just...
Will this helicopter fly at my citys elevation of 6,600 ft?
battery size?
does this heli have live video on the remote
Does it include an action base
is the order of quality HG,RG, then MG?
comes in its original box?
If I buy from you, lets say I live in the US. I don't have to pay shipping because it says free shipping. However, do I have to pay taxes(importing)
do you have Justice Gundam model 1/100 scale ?
How long will this take to ship to Hawaii on Prime Standard Shipping? (Says shipped from japan)
Do you ship to South Africa?
Could I order it at here, and ship to a Chinese address?
Does the kit come with the 2013 GUNPLA X GUNDAM.INFO NEW YEAR Campaign card?
How many parts are there to this kit and how many parts to the 1/500 model kit
Does it need to be painted? How close does an unpainted model resemble what is pictured in the description?
Is this one of those very simple snap together models or will I require glue?
an action base of 1/144 o 1/100.Might be worth?? What would be better?. thanks
is there action base for this model?
i am interesting in this kit,but i need to know if there is action base for this kit.Is possible????
This product is in the U.S. or Japan?
How many inches long is this model?
I don't understand how big the 1/1000 scale is, and so would you please provide me the actual measurement? L x W x H
Is it made out of paper?
any painting required
Do i have to glue anything?
Do you have to paint the whole ship?
how long is it
how long is this ship?
Do u have the rainbow tail if I order today?
Do you have the rainbow tailed lemur?
Are these Lemurs?
Do you have a rainbow tail in stock? I only want to order if I can be guaranteed the rainbow tail. Thank you!
If I order do u have the rainbow one?
Hi, Do you have one of the yoohow rainbow bushbabies with the rainbow coloured tail? How much is shipping to the UK?
What is the little grey box for on the left handlebar?
where can i gind a replacement battery
Does this have rubber or plastic tires?
does it have a twist grip that can control the speed also
does this power wheel have lights
wherbe do i get a charger for yamaha raptor 700
Are battery and charger included?
Are the wheels rubber or plastic?
Does this article comes with reverse
I wonder if this comes with a remote control that the ATV can be operated from the outside?
Is that slot at the bottom for money?
Arcadie Tanks in the app store!
Do the buttons and joystick work or do you still just use your fingers/stylus?
Do you have to be in the UK to download the apps for this? I have tried to find them in the app store, but they aren't showing up. I'm in the US.
Works with the iPhone 5C?
How many games are available?
Is it compatible with the 4S?
I guess what I was thinking was for physically challanged adults, if one was say 220 and the other was 200 I didnt want it to break! THANKS!
With this design, In the event of both kids weighing the same. Does the the seesaw works with just the kids leaning forward and backwards?
How sturdy is it on the ground and is it hard to assemble?
it says 400 pounds limit. is that total or on each side? thank you.
Can this device be used with headphones?
Are the letters in capital or small?
Does it have a place for headphones.....
Are these magnetic alphabets? Means can they stick on the fridge?
that language come from? You can switch to Spanish?
that language come from? You can switch to Spanish?
Can you plug headphones into this?
Is the base part that the letters fit into magnetic?
How many batteries does it take?
Do you need to purchase a CD with this
Do teachers approve of the pronunciation of the letter sounds on this toy? Does it say "p says /p/" or does it say "p says /puh/?
Would this be appropriate to bring on an airplane to keep toddler busy (not too loud?)
Can this be used without going online to play?
What is your overall impression of battery life? I don't need answers in hours, per se, just your qualitative impression. Thanks!
can you use headphones with it
What songs does it play? Does it play 'Wheels on the Bus'?
Does it have a volume control?
hola soy de venezuela, i would like to know if the product is speaking in spanish or english?
what are the songs it plays?
Is this the bilingual table?
Is this table the English/French version?
Is there an option to set the table up like an easel (so two legs are attached and baby can sit in front of it and play) or is it only 4 legs or none?
This toy is available in spanish language?
What is the size of the box this comes in? Is the size different between standard and frustration free packaging?
Is this the same height as the old leap frog learn and groove music table?
my daughter is 18 months old, is this product still appropriate ?
what is frustration free packaging
How is the drum? Looking for a baby drum that lights up and makes ONE drum noise per hit. Thank you.
Does it slip/ move on hardwood or play mat (foam type)?
what age group is this toy for
Does it come with batterys
can you recomend leap frog for 1yr?
How many songs does it have?
good for 2 year old
hola soy de venezuela, i would like to know if the product is speaking in spanish or english?
does it actually sing the songs as opposed to just play their melody?
How long are the individual songs? In other words, does it just play a few seconds of each song or a bit more?
Would a 3 1/2yr old be interested in this or is the toy too young?
does this leapfrog teach them their numbers?
Is there an option to play the songs continuously, with the touch of one button?
Is there a loop on the back? That I can thread a "toy leash" thru?? My kids throw everything!!!
Can you plug headphones into it?
Is there a difference in songs between the Scout and Violet? I want to get scout for my girl.
what songs are on this?
what are the preloaded games?
How does it work
can you download games from internet
where can a buy a charger
how to turn on the ipod because it dosent turn on
does meep work with amazon prime and movies purchased through amazon?
why does it say times up
Is this the 4.0 version?
The Picture shows a case, does it come with one?
how can i e-mail by grandkids on there meep
Can they use the amplification feature without the songs that are pre-loaded?
does it have the sound effects "applause &amp; cheers"? any others?
What songs does it play?
How long does it let the child record their voice?
Does it automatically amplify your voice or do you need to hold down a button?
WHAT SONGS ARE ON THE MIC?
Can I use this to amplify my voice without any background music?
Does the phoenix simulator R/C w/DX5 channel come in Mode 2 For $175?
I have an emachine tower computer with windows vista, will this simulator work?
Will this work for on Windows 8? I have a microsoft surface &amp; was wondering if it would work on that and can I download the software via the internet
What battery do i need to order to have what i need to get started using this upoin it's arrival?
Will it work on an apple computer? Which model is correct for Australia
is the radio with this software a mode 2 or mode 1
Does anyone know how or where to download helicopter models or specific radio setups?
does the transmitter works on other rc plane
does the phoenix r/c pro simulator come with mode 2 dx5e?
Title says Dinosaur. Image is Zombie. Who ate whom? Seeking Zombie.
can you wash them? and do the colors start to fade after a while?
they say one size fits most, and that the recomoended age is 5 and up, will they fit a 5 year old? My son loves zombies and would love these!!!
what size would Size:Medium(34-40) be in US sizing?
I'm a size 13. Would they fit me?
what size are the think geek zombie slippers?
Are these exactly as pictured by the seller with an enclosed heel or are they open at the heel like the picture one reviewer posted?
Do they have no skid bottoms?
My grandson wears a size 4 boys - would these fit?
When I click on the Zombie slippers it states "brown slippers" not zombie slippers? are they the actual slippers pictured or the other monster slipper
How many plates come in order?
I know 8 plates per pack but how many packs per case
I need to order just the dinner plates, where can I get them from?
how many plates do you get in the wholesale case?
How many plates are in a case?
does it have real sirens or does it have no sirens?
DOES IT COME WITH THE REMOTE?
How fast does the car go?
Can you please put a video to see how lights works? What about the remote how many Mhz?
Could anyone take a video showing what the lights look like when activated?
What is the appropriate age level?
do the lights flash when they are on and do they turn on and off from the controller
I would like to buy this car but from the reviews it looks like a bad purchase, Can you guarantee that this car will run properly if cared for?
how many pieces
How long does this game take to play on average?
In my game different countries have different numbers of units miniatures eg Germany has more tanks, Russia more infantery. Is this meant to be?
what peices are in this game
Does the 2nd edition match up to the 2nd edition of the Pacific game
Does this game include paper money?
What is the difference between first and second edition?
Do you need the first edition or can you start with the second edition?
Can anyone tell me if and where I can find just the reference charts for this game?(1942 2nd edition)
how weight one box?
Can this really run reverse? Some boats cannot.
Where can you find a replacement battery? My son pulled out one of the wires from the battery and it is not easy to fix.
My grandson will be turning 9, he has not had any luck with the helicopter purchased, ? good for his age? thanks Donna
What type of rudder does it use
is it good for beginners and is it safe in salt water?
how long is it?
will this work in a pool?????
Is this boat fresh water only? Others on Amazon specify but I don't see where this states it.
Is it fast
how fast do it go
Excuse me&#xFF0C;can I choose black colour&#xFF1F;
Since the front wheel doesn't swivel is it difficult to push around corners?
Is the handle adjustable to different heights?
Are the wheels loud on hardwood floors?
Looking for a stroller that is tall enough for my 7 year old to use for her dolls, would this work for older kids?
Are the wheels plastic or rubber? I'm worried about my floors:(
Does the seat recline?
How does the buckle in the stroller attach? Is it easy for a 2-3 year old to do on their own? I can't tell from the picture.
Is the front wheel swivel or stationary?
is this okay for a one year old?
the product description does not say whether or not the charger and remote control is included.
What size is the aircraft?
Top rotor on the right side is not spinning, which is causing it to not function. Brand new. Never flown. Arrived today. Help!?
Does it fly well outdoors (no wind)? How high will it fly under control?
Is this a 2.4ghz radio controller?
How do I fix this plane,first I charged it, it turned om but there was somethin with the signal of the control and the helicopter,now it won't turn on
Large size
is this good enough for outdoor use?
how do I order/get parts for it
how big is this toy? measurements please....
Will this fit the new Movie Action Figures?
what size action figure will fit inside the shellraiser?
hi do you need batteries?
Does this thing take batteries?
age group
Is it new in a box?
does this van fit the movie action figures
Does this set include the action figures?
Can the Battle Shell turtles fit? They are about 11" tall. Thanks.
Is this a functional typewriter?
Is this a typewriter or just some paper?
what is actual size/dimension?
size
Does it work with a Mac or iPad?
how does it work
what is the purpose of this robotic ball?
Does it work with the Kindle?
is it like a rc ball that plays games and is a robot
Does it work with iTouch?
does it work a IPhone4s
Is this the 2.0 version
How durable is this ball? Can it survive rolling down the stairs?
does it connect to andoid
WHAT IS THE DIAMETER OF THIS VAC PLATE??????????????????????????
What diameter of hose would this vacuum plate fit? 1 1/2" or 1 1/4"?
How big around is this?
how can you set this up for saltwater?
What is the diameter of this item?
what size hose connects to this item? 1 1/4", 1 1/2", or another size hose?
what size hose will i need for this adapter
Stupid question: what do you use these for? To watch firewokrs? Can you use for 3D TVs?
Do these glasses glow in black light and have the same diffraction as the other set of #24 glasses you have listed on amazon for 11.85?
Is there a size difference between the glasses? I need them for high school students.
what colors are available? I am looking for plain white with no logos.
if i order these by end of day on 12/16 will i receive them before x-mas. i live in GA.
if i order these by end of day on 12/16 will i receive them before x-mas. i live in
if i order these by end of day on 12/16 will i receive them before x-mas. i live in
How tall is he?
Has anyone else gotten a figure that has shoulder joints that don't move? His arms are stuck in a horizontal position b/c they can't bend down.
How tall is this Donatello?
Who is the manufacturer?
could my 2.5 year old ride this ok? I have both a 2.5 and a 4.5 year old. Trying to decide if I should buy one or two so they won't fight every day
Does it work on carpet? Or only hardwood / sidewalk?
Where am I able to purchase replacement polyurethane rear wheels?
I need a replacement piece for the steering wheel...the center hardware will not hold the steering wheel on...how do I get a replacement?
I just ordered 2 of the swivel cars and they came with plastic wheels instead of rubber ones like the ad says. Has this been a problem with others?
what is the weight capacity of the swivel car?
Can someone tell me how to tighten the steering wheel? we have done it in the past but it doesn't seem to be working this time.
Why does the price keep changing? A few weeks ago the gray one was 32.99 and now it is 44?
Can this be used on gravel driveway or grass?
what size are the basketballs?
can it be used for outside play? If not can you tell me what can be play outside and easy to storage. i would love one just like that for a 13 year bo
Does the score counter go above 99?
I ordered the downtown 3 Indoor Arcade for Christmas and the nets to the hoops are already broken in 5 days. How do I get replacements?
Will this fit in a basement with 7 foot ceilings?
how tall is it
what is the size of the basketball?
What are the dimensions?
Do the controls work?
Where can you find a 3 point replacement mat?
does each tube of 100 contain an assortment of different colors
Hi, looking for bulk deals. Is there anyway to make this happen? Looking for at least 8 units. Thanks!
How long is the life expectancy on these glowsticks? If stored properly will they last longer than a year on opened?
Will you ship to Guam?
Will you ship to Guam?
Hi, I am in Spokane WA and are looking to buy this for a fundraiser on April 4th. Would they arrive in time. Thanks
I was looking to order these to sell at a fundraiser for a charity that is taking place this Wednesdat, Oct. 17. I'm in Erie, PA-will they make it?
Is there enough connectors for each of the bracelets because it only says a 100?
does it plug into the flight board or what?
Are these digital voltage alarms a MUST for Lipo batteries. New to hobby wanting to go 2s Lipo on RC cars.
Does anyone know how I can wire this up to a single lipo battery that doesn't have a balance connector?
I see 2 digital battery voltage checkers in the picture, do you get 2? If not, which one you get, the one on the left of right?
Does anyone know how to set the voltage level to trigger the alarm on this product? Does not sound at 3.7V and want it to
Will these work on the Super Club, Firebird, micro Trojan and the micro Mustang?
My LiPo battery has 2mm spacing on the balance connector and the charger receptical. Are there two types of LiPo connectors?
pinout
can I use it with NIMH battery packs as if it is 1S battery to get the total voltage?
is there a screw to adjust the voltage checker or do i need to program it somehow? hope they're dummy proof.
Combine with other mega blok sets? Does that mean other mega bloks will fit on the pegs to this castle?
Are there extra blocks you can buy that connect /fit with these?
Is there any way to make it taller?
I have mega bloks first builders and they did not fit on this castle? They description recommends this? Is the description wrong? What fits on pegs
Is the O gauge better than the G gauge?
Will the Polar Exp # 30184 ever start to smoke?
Can I add track to this set?
Is the tender car supposed to light up or do something, there is contact on the track and a wire.
Where is this set manufactured?
ok
is the blade made of steel
how many gauntlets come in the package
is it hosnestly cool
Can you replace the blade with a mettle one
Is the blade flimsy, or is it pretty sturdy?
can you fix the blade if it were to broke to be spring loaded again?
is the gauntlet made of metal (not the blade just the part that fits on your wrist)
WILL THIS FIT A CHILD?
how much does it weigh
can i see the assassins creeg rist knife on someone
Are the wheels rubber and do they fall off?
What is the exact measurement of this single bus? Is the set of 5 in a box the same size like the single ones and same material?
is this a pull back toy? Meaning pull it back and let it go and it rolls across the room?
Is it made of plastic or is it diecast metal?
What material is this? Cn the wheels move? ASIN: B0082N4DHI Manufacturer recommended age: 3 years and up
what is it's measures? Is it small?
Example of some of the questions?
Will this game work with 12 people playing?
Does this game work with a group of single people, or can it only be played with couples?
I just bought this game. Never played before. Before I try to explain it to friends. What is the point of the TMI cards?
are the Bee cards paper or plastic? Do not want plastic.
hi, that cards have te bigger number? in the 'A' of pike have a number 77 at footer?, i need 2 dozens of these cards. and will need more later
What size are the balls? Do you sell extra balls?
Where are the controls for the game? Are they on the front panel bc I can't see them in the picture? Does it just countdown and keep score?
How many parts are shipped for assemply?
What material is the board made out of? And does it have a turntable?
How big are the tiles?
How high are the letters on the tiles? I have a friend who is seriously visually impaired and misses playing Scrabble. Hope this set might help.
Are the tiles sold seperately? and what is the exact size of the tiles?
Who makes this product?
does the board have grooves so tiles don't slide around?
Hard to get the wheels on and just about impossible to take them off. What am I doing wrong?
How many actual wheels are in this set? We have a large basic set of 200 blocks so I really just want wheels to build vehicles.
can these be used in conjunction with Duplos?
Are the eyes and mouths painted on, or are they just stickers?
Do the "Mega Bloks First Builders Sets" contain PVC or phthalate in them?
What country are mega blocks manufactured in?
does this goes with the other mega bloks, for example the build' n create blocks
The bag seems to be PVC free but what about the blocks? I can't find anything on their website either. Seems misleading...
What settings does this charger have to be on in order to charge this battery? I bought this from you a couple years ago and it worked great.
Does the jack on the upgraded battery connect directly to the ar drone 2 connector
I can't find this on amazon.ca for shippments to Canada. Is there any way to buy this in Canada?
what is the pyuzzle made of?
what is the age group on this product
What's the approx size of the puzzle pcs?
dimensions
Can you play only 4 players with this 12 player party pack?
is this just an add on to the original game or is it a stand alone? thanks
Is this the same thing as getting two of the "6 Player Family Pack"s? If not, what are the differences?
Why is USAOpoly selling this for $4 more than their suggested retail price, and with $3.99 shipping on top of that cost?
is the timer a sand timer?
Is there more than a 12 player?
Are the cards different to the 8 player game? (i.e. different words to draw?
are the books different than the 8-player books (i.e.- more pages)?
Hi anyway that it can be shipped to Singapore
Could you play with more than 12 people if you bought 2 games?
Can this be used with the 18-dart mags?
do these darts fit the recon?
will this bandolier fit 8 year old
does it come with bullets?
Do these bullets fit the retaliator nerf gun?
Do you think I could wear this as a belt?
how long is it in inches
Would this hold the darts for the Nerf Rebelle guns? My daughter wants a bandolier, but the only Rebelle one is something called a Dart Diva Bag.
Will this break?
can it hold a gun?
Will this clip and ammo fit the N-Strike Recon CS-6 (it came with "Streamline" not Elite darts)
Will this clip fit the retaliator Nerf gun?
Can these fit the rapidstrike Cs-18?
does it come with the bullets
Do these magazines fit into the Elite Rampage? I read that the 18-round mag does fit. Do you have to take off the drum connector to make them fit?
will these darts work in the zombie strike sling fire?
Do these fit the 2 in 1 Demolisher?
How many darts does each magazine hold?&#x1F600;
Will this work with the zombie strike sling fire?
will this work with the mega blaster centurion?
Can you tell me if the screen lights up? I want to take this camping and we play at night when it's dark.
It says 1500 new words. Is that 1,500 words total, or 1,500 + the original 5,000?
Why don't you sell the original 1 w/blue edges &amp; only 2 big silver buttons? It has 11 categories, not just 5?
What if anything is the difference between this version (98927) and the Hasbro version (A4625)? This say 1,500 new questions, the 2nd says 5,000 total
When will you have a version that can download new categories &amp; questions via WiFi or USB-to-computer?
what age group is targeted?
Which phrase catch has more words?
Do these darts for this product work with the Nerf Zombie Strike Slingfire Blaster as well?
Are these the correct bullets for the Nerf Centurion Gun?
Do these darts work with nerf Rebelle also?
Are the tips soft foam or are they hard plastic or rubber?
will these darts work with nerf cyber stryke with walkie talkie?
Will these fit the gi joe retaliation ninja commando blaster?
which darts for the nerf hammersmith gun?
Are these darts compatible with the Nerf Zombie Strike Crossfire Bow Blaster?
Do these darts work with both the Nerf N-Strike Maverick and the Nerf N-Strike Elite: Strongarm Blaster?
Do you need a vest?
Do I need to buy batteries for this gun?
Does this gun have slam-fire (the ability to hold down the trigger and pump out rounds?)
Is it good for six year olds
Can you purchase a stock for this gun?
is it rapid-fire - so you can keep shooting if your finger is on the trigger
Q. Does it shot fast
what gun is it designed after?
how many does the magazine hold
Is the gun hard to cock?
Would you recommend getting it?
Will these work with the Rebelle Nerf Line if so great if not what ones will work with the Nerf Rebelle Line for Girls?
Will these work with Nerf N-Strike Mega Centurion?
does it work with the Nerf N-strike Nite Finder EX-3?
Are these genuine Nerf brand darts or a generic version?
will these work with the firestrike elite?
WIl this work with Nerf N-Strike Maverick Rev-6?
Is this compatible with the Nerf Zombie Strike Hammershot? Thanks!
will these work with Mega Thunder Bow Blaster?
Work with the dart tag nerf gun?
Will these darts work with a Nerf N-Strike Longstrike CS-6 Dart Blaster? Thank you.
Will this work with my Nerf N-Strike Longstrike CS-6?
Will this work with the Nerf N-Strike Elite Centurion Blaster?
Will this clip work on the Elite Rampage?
I have "Retaliator" with a 12 Dart clip - will this fit?
Will these clips work with zombie strike guns?
Will this work with the Nerf N-Strike Elite Nerf Cam ECS-12 Blaster?
Will this work in my Nerf Recon CS-6
Will this work with the Nerf N-Strike Elite Rapidstrike CS-18 Blaster?
Will this work with the Nerf N-Strike Elite Firestrike Blaster?
will it work in the n-stike lite rapid stride CS-18
what MP3 Player do you use
What kind of phone does it have to be?
Can you download different songs/music to this item or is it always the same 5 songs?
can this product connect w/Ipod?
How many cards are in the deck? (I'm trying to figure out if we are/how many/which cards are missing from our DIsney Princess Candy Land game.)
Does the deck of cards come in a little box?
Does this game come with a deck of cards?
is the board just a paper sheet like the other candyland I bought? Or is it an actual board?
What do the dragons on the board stand for? What is their purpose in the game?
Do I have to pull both triggers to fire?
How many darts does it come with? What is the clip size?
Does it jam alot?
Is it hard for young children to cock? The nerf pistols that we currently have are a pain because our 6-year old is not strong enough to cock them.
Does it really shoot 75 feet?
this is for what age?
In the name of the Item It says "(Colors may vary)", What does that mean? Am I going to get the white one or the blue one?
Is your gun blue or white and which packaging did you choose? My boy is wanting to buy this gun but wants a blue one, are the odds in his favor? :)
Can it use non-Elite bullets?
does it come in its original nerf packaging
can you comment on any operating differences of the 2 kid galaxy fire trucks? the jumbo is 9.8 x 14.5. the other is 7 x 5.5. Otherwise, are they the same?
From the videos, the Jumbo sized truck looks much slower... Can anyone confirm if the Jumbo and Kids galaxy fire trucks are equal in speed tests?
Hello, come in their original packaging?
will this fit the syma fi armor ?
Does this include the tail motor and wiring?
will this tail fit and run a dh9118 or a dh9053 ?
Does this work on the V912? I still have the stock tail motor... on my 5th main motor now. This would make everything easier when my tail motor goes.
i got this item for my rc plane but now i wonder how to hook it up to it. mine is 4 ch rc plane wth a 3s 11.4 v battery any idea?
What kind of control do you have over the camera from the transmitter while the helicopter is in flight? How many minutes of video can you get?
I formatted the SD card and now it doesn't work. Does it matter the format FAT, FAT32, exFAT or NTFS? The light behind the camera is steady red.
Anyone know how long of video the 1mb will hold ?... How many mb will the camera support ?... anything I should be aware of PRIOR to mounting ?
does this fit the V912?
I think it's attached and hooked up correctly. What could be a reason for it not recording? We get no video/photos off of memory card.
Would it be possible to mount this camera on a kite?
Can it be used on an RC airplane?
Is it to big to tighten around kites?
Is this includes 28 minifigures?
Age recommendation?
can you play with do arms legs move
How do you fill it with air or water
How does one inflate it? What is a deluxe Boston valve and what is it's purpose? How is it used?
how do yo blow them up?
Is this appropriate for age 3-4?
Does this come in the same box packaging as in the stores? I do not see the box pictured. It is for a gift.
This toy can be used in Spanish?
this lapto may operate in Spanish?
I wonder if this product has the Spanish language is to use it in Venezuela. Thank you.
You can change the language to Spanish
Does this toy actually come with a little piece of "sheet music" as shown in the third picture?
I see wheels on the side. would it be tall enough for a 17mo to roll?
Is the toy come in red or green? (different pictures shown above, no information in description)
what is the color of the toy?
Does this car look the same as the picture in person or does it look different?
Does this item comes with remote so the parent will be able to control it...I have a toddler that can't really control the wheel
Does this car fit one or two kids?
Does this car fit one or two kids?
Does this item come with a charger?
Can two kids sit in there?
is there a remote?
Does the doors open
Does this seat one or two children?
do they have the button eyes /
Does Raggedy Ann have the traditional Embroidered "I Love You" Heart on her chest?
Does the doll come boxed?
Would her legs bend if she sits in a doll chair?
I know that the legs are sewed on to the bottom of the body, but is there also a stitching in the middle of the leg as for the knee?
is it safe for a baby about 3 mo
Is she washable
to take the clothes off, do they unbutton?
does raggedy ann have a stitiched heart?
Is it made in America?
Are her hands sewn together ?
Does the dress come off so other clothes can be put on her?
Does this doll have embroidered eyes or button eyes?
Are the arms sewed to her face or just placed there for the picture
Does she have "I Love You" across her chest?
Is this doll organic?
Do the clothes come off?
Is this doll washable?
does the doll have the i love you heart on her chest??
Does this doll have button eyes??
How does it compare to a Leapster2?
Do the games from the orginal Leapster play on this one?
Is LeapFrog LeapsterGS suitable enough for 8 year old kid? Would it make him/her bored after while?
good night like to know if this kind of game comes in spanish .. i am from venezuela and like much for my daughter .. leappad all look super interesti
Is the stylus attachable on a string to the leapster as the LeapPad does?
Does leap steer GS use wifi?
compatible with LeapPad Leapfrog 2 games?
Does the LeapsterGS have an SD slot? How about a headphone jack? Thanks!
Is the new leapster GS able to charge on original leapster explorer recharger station? Thanks!
How manny games does it have
do the drum pads have different souund effects?
is it worth buying? is it real small?
Can you please provide all product dimensions? Thanks,
Is this suitable for a 5 year old starting off with drums? We were going to start him off with this first then move on to bigger drums later.
Is this big enough for a 7-8 year old
Has any one tried this with headphones? Does it isolate the sound? or is the jack just for show?
what would be the weight with the box pack?
how high is the drum set and stool?
Can you use real headphones on this set?
If the headset is plugged in, does just the drummer hear the noise?
what age group
In the pic the legs don't look very wide...is this sturdy or does it tip easily?
How many demo songs does this one have, and does it have a function to play them all continuously? Thanks.
How do you get the microphone to work?
does the mic really work
How much does it weight in box?
Can he stand alone without the rocks and how flexible is the status. would it look awkward if put beside my other 7.5 to 10 statuses?
what is the height of batman stand alone?
Where do you find the tracing paper for the Crayola Light Up Pad?
Does it have a power cord? or only uses batteries?
can soccer tracing pad sheets be ordered (sheets only)
Would this work well for kids in the car on a road trip?
Has anyone used this light up pad to trace to all shades of material? If so, how did it work? Thanks.
I bought this for my granddaughter for Christmas and put batteries in it so it is ready for play. Does the light pad turn on as soon as you turn the "on" button to on position? or do you have to place the paper and images on it to get it to light? I...
can any picture be placed under the light and traced?
What size are the tracing pages? 8.5x11 or 11x17?
is the light bright enough to use 24# copier paper and still see the image underneath?
Where do you get more light bulbs for this? How are they replaced?
Is the doll washable
is the face cloth or plastic? are the eyes painted on or buttons?
Are the clothes removable? This is for my grandmother in a nursing home and I want it to be "authentic."
I want to know if the eyes are stiched or buttons. Buttons would not be safe for a newborn or baby under 3
Does the doll have embroidered eyes..
Does the doll have a stitched "I Love You" heart on her chest?
Does this doll have the heart on her chest that says i love you?
IYO Which would a toddler prefer ... The smaller size (12"?) or the 25"?? Thanks!
are the eyes a button or sewed in.
Ac and direct current option? Aa or aaa batteries?
What size batteries does Chico JD use? Is there a jack for an electric plug?
From what age to what age?
Does this game table come with all of the accessories to play the games?
Does the air hockey really work? I assume it works with an AC plug, correct? Thank you.
didn't come with assembly instructions! can I get them online?
Does it have legs? Can kids play it standing up if it's not on a table?
Is this intended to be used on a table top or on the floor?
does it come with the orbeez water beads or do you have to purchase those separate?
Did anyone have any trouble opening the lid? It doesn't seem to want to unscrew, and apparently it doesn't pop off.
is it worth the money
Is it only blue like the photo, or does it change colors?
How do you install batteries?
does it look just like the picture. Can you use it as a nighlight?
Wondering what the estimated ship time is? I need it in Michigan by the 12th of June.
is there a plug in one?
Can you buy an AC adapter plug for it instead of using batteries?
Does it get hot? I would love to get it for my sister who is special needs, but if it gets hot I cant.
Is this a good gift for a 6 year old?
Does it contain 30 DIFFERENT kinds of tape?
is the tape clear or opaque? like can you see through the tape as if it were scotch tape with pattern on it or is it more opaque like duct tape?
Is this basically the washi tape i keep reading about on pinterest? :)
Does anyone know the length of tape on each dispenser?
how long does it take a pair of heelys shipped to hong kong
will these stick to wood? i want to buy as a gift with a blank wood box for her to design her own jewelry box
Please, can you tell me how much would it cost to have this item shipped to the UK?
is there one for boys?
How wide is the tape?
What ages?
How does this compare to the LonPos puzzle??
Can you order just the answer book?
Does this figure come in the original Diamond Select packaging
Does it's leg fall off easy?
Hi! I've purchased one of your items and I'd like to know when do you expect to ship it? Thank you very much! Livia
How tall is he? I know the discription says 8" but my Diamond Select Lizard said 7" and it was just under 9"
Stupid question but does it come in its original packaging?
when will it be released
does this track fit the neo track pieces?
How do you order extra cars?
How wide is the track? - what is the max width a car can be to fit in the track and roll normally? Thanks
Is there a trick to opening the cars to get the batteries in?
How to put in batteries in cars
Do the cars have lights?
Is this motorized(go by themselves) or by hand?
225 pieces...must you reassemble 225 pieces every time it's used? We would just get it out when the grandkids come. CAn it b stored assembled?
are the tracks the same as the Discovery Toys set?
Does the track glow in the dark?
Is this doable for a beginner who has never soldered? The other elenco kits just seem too basic.
How is the sound quality compared to a purchasable radio? If it isn't good- anyone try adding a better speaker? Is that possible?
where can i buy individual parts for this?
where can I view the instruction manual?
what is the recommended age for this kit?
do these new plastic pieces interface with the old wooden ones we already have and use?
Does this set actually include wheels/tires? Thanks.
Is the age of 2 too young for this?
I just noticed this toy said pre school. Is this toy too young for a 9 year old?
How is it compared to the 100 piece essential set? This has 50+ than the 100 piece with price diff of just $3...
Does this set include the green "flags" used to make a windmill? If so, how many?
Does it include the dog and boy shown on the cover?
Why did you increase the price from $28 to $49? I bought two at $28 and wanted to buy two more.
Can I use this with classic tinkertoy parts?
Would this or the Super Tink set be better for a 3-year-old boy?
Is the football full-sized, or is it smaller, as some other Nerf products are?
would it work if you were wearing a head light?
bzzagent Nerf Fire Vision: Very cool product:) Has anyone else tried this product for longer?
how do you replace the batteries in the glasses
Does this come with 2 pairs of glasses
Age for this?
does this football purchase come with the glasses or do I need to by the glasses separately?
Will the glasses stay on a child? I have 8 and 10 year old children.
Can the Nerf glasses be worn over your prescription glasses?
can it be used with three or four glasses at the same time?
do you need screws to put on the door
Does the hoop attach over a door like other Nerf hoops?
Could you put it in the walls with screws or not?
is the ball a nerf ball
What size diameter is the hoop, and what size ball is it?
would this remote control car be good for a 6 year old.....
We accidentally threw the directions away (cleaning up wrapping paper on Christmas Day) - How do you turn the sound(s) off???? Thanks!!
what Mhz channel does this car run on?
How tall is the pony?
Does it drive well on carpet or only hard floors?
Is it appropriate for a 10 year old
Can little Kelly dolls fit in the car?
What size / how many batteries does it take?
Does it come with the purple pony? or is that sold separately?
i got the wolf pro....it seems like it pairs but will not go forward or reverse...it will steer but thats it...help?
Is the steering very good?
Does anyone know where to get an extra 12.8volt battery for these? New Bright does not sell them couldn't find on Ebay either. Thank you!
how many mph does it go
ages
Is this too advanced for a 7-8 year old?
How fast does it go?
age range
how do you inflate it?
what size are the balls for this toy?
how deep/tall is the base that holds the balls?
Do I have to buy something to blow it up?
can this be patched? i have one that is leaking :(
How deep is the actual ball pit (not the total height)?
Is the back side completely open like the front?
What size are the 20 balls that come with it? I'd like to purchase more balls of the exact size so that they fit through the holes.
For those who have bought extra balls. How many extra should I get? Is 100 or 200 too many for the little ball pit?
For those who bought extra balls - which type of balls did you buy? What size? Do you have the amazon link? Thank you so much :)
they can jump in there?
Would this be fun for a 2 year old's birthday present?
Silly Question: how do I blow this toy up? Thanks.
does it come with an accessory
how tall is the figure
is this figure better to get than series 4 batman
which serties batman wouyld u go with seies 3 or series 4
would u go with this batman for arkmancity ot the series four
and is this a good figure to get
does this batman come with acessories
WHICH HARLEY QUINN WOULD U GO WITH
WHICH JOKER WOULD U GO WITH?
which batman would u go with arkmancity or orgin?
Is this good for a 11 year old?
is it too big for 2 yr old?
Would this be too small for an eight year old who is also small.....
What are the dimension of the area (without the straps)?
What age is it recommended for
what age group is this recommended for?
what ages is this for
dose it come with the magazines and ammo?
DOES IT FIT AN ELEVEN YEAR OLD BOY
What sizes are we talking about here? Will this fit an adult XL when zipped up?
do the clips come filled
What nerf gun would fit this vest best?
What exactly does it come with?
What's the Weight and size of the box?
can it hold a nerf strongarm?
If I order today can i get overnight shipping?
Does vest come with everything shown in picture?
Does this set have two boy bodys(torsos)?
Why is this set so much more expensive than the others?
Does it come with one body are two? because in the pictrue it has one but in some other pictrues there was two. My Daughter wants to know.
Ap central keeps saying I need fruit ninja first. I have had fruit ninja hd for months. What's up?
do these products work on any tablet or does it have to be the ipad?
Do these products work with the ipad mini as well?
Does this only work on iPad, or will it work on the Kindle Fire version as well?
Will this works with Ipad Mini ?
I have only android devices. does this mean the product will not work for us?
will this work with kindle?
Will this work with an iPad Mini?
why it can't works on my iPad 2 , New iPad and iPad mini ?
Does This Work With Kindle Fire?
Will this work with iPad Air?
Will it work on MicroSoft Phone?
will this work on android
Does this work on original ipad 1???
Dose it work with a kindle fire?
Do I need to pay $2.99 for Angry Birds HD after purchasing this? Box says "Download the Free app."
will this work with a samsung tablet?
Does each player need his own device or do all players share the same one?
Can you use any type of tablet with this game or does it have to be an ipad?
I clicked on the started button after downloaded the game, prompted to set up players and it freezed the Ipad... same as Ipod. What do we need to do?
Why will this not work for the iPad Mini? Is it the programming for the app? or the Screen type of the iPad Mini? This really sucks.
Will this work with the Ipad Mini (First Version)?
What ipad do you have to have to play the games?
will it work with the ipad air?
Is this a new game?
is it usable with android tablet?
Is the play limited to four players?
does this work with other models?
Does it work with two player battle system that comes with 2 phoenix LTX taggers?
The app works with iPhone 6 but the cradle is to small. Does anyone know if a cradle for the iPhone 6 exists?
Can the guns be split into teams or is it every man for himself? Planning to buy 8 for use without iphones.
what is the maximum number of players? can 8 players play together?
Does this work with iPod touch 5
will these work with the new iphone6?
Can you turn it from 10 to 25 hits like the LTX?
Does anyone know the range of the laser can go?
Do you need internet access or wifi for this to work? As in, using an old iphone which no longer is on a phone network?
does it work with iphone 5?
Does this product work on Droid Phones?
If I buy four of these will they all work together? This seems cheaper than buying the 2-pck for almost $70
does the Samsung Note2 fit?
Which model is this --ltx? Lttr? Deluxe? I understand features vary but can't differentiate the products.
How many batteries does each gun use?
will it work without a phone
Would 15 yr old boys use this product?
Is it compatible with iPod Touch 5th generation?
Are these newer lazer tag systems compatible with the older generation of lazer tag made by hasbro?
What is the size of this table?
What is the dimensions of the storage area? My grandbaies have tons of duplos!
How big is the grid?
Does the grid fit little lego sets?
Is this table big enough for older kids?
What is the measurement of the Lego plates/mats in the center of the color themes for building?
Is this table for duplo blocks only? Can you use regular legos on the boards on the surface?
We live in Tunisia and we received this play table with instructions starting at 8! Can anyone supply 1 through 7? Thanks.
I've seen others that the table top can be flipped over and be used as a smooth surface for activities, does this piece have that option?
help! i have this lego table and my plastic (red, yellow, blue) inserts have cracked. Where would i buy new ones?
Can someone who recently ordered tell me if this is the 2012 or older style elf? The book has the date on the first couple pages? Need the older.
is this product touchable
What all is included in this?
its a boy or a girl, i am looking for a boy
duplo
Is the Lego logo embossed on each post?
What are the dimensions of each plate?
Do the baseplates come individually wrapped as if you were to buy them separately in the store?
Are the green baseplates Lego 626 or the new Lego 10700 bright green?
These are for duplo?
Does anyone know the shipping dimensions of the box these plates are shipped in?
are these plates for the mini figures
size of eduction large building plates
can you attach 2 lego plates together (stacked) to make a sturdier plate?
What is the footprint of this slide?
Tthe lateral view shows a stair, but the other one only shows a hole on the top and what seems to be the mark for a stair, what's the purpose of that?
The description says that this set is easy to take apart for storage. Do you find that to be true? Thanks!
How stable this climber is? Would young toddler be able to tip it over?
slide length
Is this for indoors? We're considering one for outside too.
it says it disassembles for storage? Is that difficult to do, say you want to do that every day?
For what ages is it recommended?
How hard is it for little ones to climb up to the platform using the indents?
My 10 month old is 33 inches tall (not a typo he is a BIG boy). would he outgrow this before i get my moneys worth?
will this fit in my 1996 GMC sierra?
what bulbs dose it take
Do they fog up?
Will these work with running lights? I have seen some that specify no running light, so I want to make sure before I order.
will HIDs fit in these lights
Will these fit my 1999 gmc sierra Classic 1500?
The Hess Mini trucks can the kids play with them or are they just for display only
what are the measurements of the truck.
will this be a collectors item one day?
how small is the miniature truck compared to the reg. hess truck and airplane?
the word "miniture" worries me, what are the dimensions of this toy?
What size is the Batman figure?
how long is the tumbler?
How many batteries are required?
can it open and can batman fit inside
can it open and batman fits
what does he say?
How tall in inches is this plush toy? Is it brand new and does Brian come in an official box?
What does he say?
Can it hold up in play fighting, or is it just for decoration?
is the handle metal or plastic
what age is it for?
Could you tell me what make this is please, Is it made by Hasbro ?
Any instructions on how to completely disassemble the hilt? I took out all the screws but it still won't come apart.
Do they allow to carry one inside a plane? at 36 inches it wont fit in my luggage..
Do you have to buy two of these to use the two sides? I find it irritating that no other swords seem to be compatible with this item.
Does the lightsaber come with batteries?
how do you change the batteries on this?
is the handle made of metal or plastic?
does the light stay on or does it shut off after a couple of seconds?
Is this master replicas?
hello, is that the lamp is removable? thank you
Is the blade detachable? I am planning to make a short film and it would be quite akward if they saw I had the whole blade out.
Is the blade detachable? I am planning to make a short film and it would be quite akward if they saw I had the whole blade out.
If I purchase both these lightsaber would I be able to put them togeghter to make one ? Thanks
Do eyes close
Is the body ..soft or hard plastic like the face and limbs ?? Thanks for responding............. :)
Are these considered 15 inch or 12 inch dolls?
are they anatomically correct
Dose the doll wet
How big are the dolls? 14 inch?
Buying the Spectrum DX6. Is this transmitter supported?
What is the differences between Phoenix R/C Pro Simulator V4.0 and Phoenix R/C Pro Simulator V5.0? How come the V5.0 isn't more popular?
Is the T-34 Mentor on the simulator?
Does it come with the controller?
Although the picture shows a transmiter cable, is the cable actually included, since this option does not include the transmiter?
Will this work on a mac?
will this work on windios 7
Does this program include the E Flite Super Airliner and the Hangar 9 Twin Otter?
Does this simulator work on a MacBook Pro laptop?
Does this simulator work on a MacBook Pro laptop?
I am confused; according to the product details, this item includes a camera, but one of the reviews says it doesn't. Does it or not?
does this camera take still photos, video and audio?
IS IT THE NEW VERSION 2 ?
is this bird the same size as a 400 model
Is this ready to fly out of the box? Any parts needed that are not part of the package here? Like controller etc. Thanks for your time.
Is this a figurine or a model kit that requires assembly and so forth? e.g gundam model kits if you didn't understand what i meant.
can this figure be set in diff like battle positions?
how high is when you finish?, i have a gundam 1/144 and is around 20 cm tall, this one says 1/35 is much bigger or almost the same?
Why is this suddenly $200? was going to buy at original price point. Will not now. Kinda disappointed for the $75 markup
I have heard his wings either break or one is kind of limp and won't stay up is this a common problem and is ghidorah worth the money?
Is this item in the box?
Can you ship to Australia?
Is Amazon selling the 2013 reissue or the original 2012 release? while still delicate i hear the wings were improved in the later releases
Does This helicopter have a spinning problem?
need to shoot in memphis and I want to avoid renting a chopper for city scape views please advise
Purchased for Christmas gift &amp; b/c of a bad wreck, we need a "stablizer bar" Where can I find replacement parts? What are the warrenty options?
pixels camera ?
what does thins helicopter have in color besides black please awnser
what is the size of the kite body?
What are they made of nylon or paper?
what is the size and what is it made of? --plastic, paper, etc.
Do these kites come with the rolls of string?
How big are these barrels?
Hello what are the demintions
Can these hold water without leaking? Want to use them for flower arrangements.
how big are they gallon wise
do both ends open?
does this have hooks to hang it on a wall?
does this fit the mini marvel figures
Does Marge Simpson minifigure fit in there
What color options are available? I'm looking for green display case.
how many minifigures can it hold?
Video files are broken up into smaller approx. 3 second long files (under 1 MB) instead of 1 larger file with longer video duration. Why?
PC will accept UDI logo but not the videos that I try to take. I cannot figure out what I am doing wrong.
can you use is outdoors
Can i use my 8gb sd card instead of the 1 gb card it comes with? Its a kingston 8g micro sd hc?
Video has a weird pink circle on the bottom. Is mine defective?
does the remote have camera
I was given this for xmas and love it. The only problem is that one of the motors burned. Can I replace the motor?
Mine is going out of control everthing looks good could it be the gyro has gone bad.
is it outdoor
Anyone know if this heli can be flown outdoors, and what is the range? Thanks.
can it be shipped to the Philippines
Is the matress included with the purchase of the bed?
Has anyine tried to lay down with their toddler in this? I know about the 50 pound max...just want to see if anyone has defied it.
What size mattress fits?
Would the bed look ok without the stickers? I like the red and blue but don't necessarily want the Mickey Mouse stickers.
Does it come with the stickers already applied, or do I apply the stickers myself?
Is it can be shipped to Saudi Arabia? How much the shipping will be?
Is the $8.96 shipping international or within Canada? i need it to come over to UK? also how long would that take? Thank you
Is this toy good for a 3 year old too
I need the command manual for model #63241.Batman's the dark night rises Bat Pod. Where can I get one.?
Does this set absolutely have the elf, the book and the dvd?
I have seen some of these that have adoption papers for the family and the ability to name the elf.... does this one have those options?
Is this the boxed set with a slip for the book and a shelf inside that the doll sits on?
Is this listing for the original Pixie Elf or is this the newer Scout Elf?
Is this the exact elf that comes with the set? I'm looking for this exact elf and not the newer one.. thanks!
For what age is this elf recommended for?
does the elf really look like that like the 2005 elf on the shelf
Is this the original skinny face smaller eyes elf?
what age group for children
what is on the DVD? Will it be interesting for my 19 month old or is that too young to start?
I can't even get my little motorcycle to charge is there a trick? The husband through out the instructions
I am trying to select an electric motorcycle for my grandson who will be 3 in September. I had my mind set on this one but now I don't know....??
where do you get a replacement battery for this motorcycle
I bought 2 of these for each one of my grandkids but I can't get the horns to work
I bought this as a gift, how do you charge it? is there a charger that comes with it, because I did not find one.
Is there an extended warrenty available for purchase
What is the difference between wits and wagers party and family editions?
How many questions come in this version?
Are the questions different than the questions in the original Wits and Wagers game? Would they work as an expansion to the original game?
How is the winner determined?
Are the questions in the party version all different from the original version?
How many players can play before you have to resort to teams?
what is the age for players of wits and wagers?
Is this a multi player game??
does it work on projection tvs
Does setup permit selection for left handed shooters?
is walking dead plug and play suppose to be in black and white
I just recently purchased this and instead of an audio video plug it just has one single plug. Where would I plug in this lone cord.
is it possible to use this with a projector, projecting from the rear onto a cheap shower curtain?
How long is the cable from the gun?
would you post to the uk and if so how much
Is there a way to get a second gun?
Does the Zombie Hunter, Walking Dead videogame work on European (Dutch) LED televisions?
Does this come with a detachable wheel base like the 80-piece set?
Is 1 year too young for these blocks?
Are these the same size as duplos or are they bigger?
Are the blocks, themselves, PVC-free? Or just the bag?
This product can be shipped to Argentina?
When I ordered it and on my receipt it shows that it was suppose to be purple but instead I got a pink one. Why is it different now?
Does this fit the LeapPad2 Explorer ?
Will it work with Leap Pad Ultra?
Can you use this with leap pad 2 power?
Is this cover pink or purple?
will this also work with the leap pad 2 power?
Can you select the color pink or purple? I don't see that option.
Will this skin fit the LeapPad3?
does this case disguise the fact that it is a pink leap pad? a boy is using it
Does it hold games
Does this just protect the outside of the LeapPad, or does it also protect the screen?
Does this work with Leap Pad 2 Power
Does this work on a LeapPad Explorer?
Does the LeapPad 2 still fit in the hard carrying case with the gel skin on?
will this work on the Horizon hobby sport cub s
When I bought my Nano QX it came with a USB battery charger. Now that I have 4 more, I'm going to be needing to charge many. What charger to use?
Does this come with hook and loop tape?
can these batteries work on the 911 helicopter
What is the best ac/dc charger for this battery?
How are these compared to the E-Flite brand of batteries?
does this work with the blade scout cx
Will these work with WLToys V911 version 2 (newer version)?
will this work with a ParkZone U2400 Ultra-Micro P-51D Mustang rc plane?
Will these work with the ParkZone Champ Airplane
What's the seat like? Is it straps, or more solid?
Does the star canopy detach from the float?
Does the star do a decent job of providing shade?
What is the weight limit?
Can a four month old fit in this?
This box come closed and wraped?
is there any mythic rates
Does it have the Doorkeeper?
Can you use a Lipo battery in the proboat shockwave boat
can the stock motor and esc with the right battery reach over 40mph?
if I have a 3 cell 5400mah 11.1 volt battery how fast will this boat go? and does the boat come with a female or male EC3 connector?
Can you run two boats at the same time without interferance from the radio signals?
It says RTR ready to run, does it come with a battery and charger?
what is the out-of-the-box top speed?
Does it go under water when it is in reverse
is the flexshaft liner supposed to turn?
Does this item come with battries?
does the boat come with a two set o batteries for the boat? if it does not what batteries?
doe's the miss Geico come with a battery charger
does it have everything you need to run it right out of the box ?
can it run reverse ,
Hello. Is his red corduroy ski cap removable ?
can i still get it for free
Is this a one per customer item?
What type of math is included? Is it multiplication? Division?
I will be teaching 7th grade regular and advance (which includes pre algebra), will these be too low for the regular group? They need to close gaps.
How many games can you play with this? After you play once, are the questions repeated or can you play many times?
Would this be useful for a 2 1/2 yr old? He is already counting, etc.
Apps: If I have 2 of the LeapPad 2 can I put the same app on both if I buy it or would I have to buy the same app 2 times to put it on both LeapPads?
Is it worth buying if we already have the Leapster Explorer?
is the leap pad2 good for kids over age 7?
My grandson has the Leapster Exploxer can he use his games from that on the LeapPad2?
We have twins and need two leap pads. Will we have to purchase additional apps twice or will one purchase allow us to download an app to both?
Can you download regular MP3's to listen to on a LeapPad2?
Do old leapster cartridges work on this?
How much are the apps.
which is better the power tablet or the explorer
Does this work with the Leappad 2 Ultra?
does this work with leappad 3?
does this work with the older leapfrog explorer? the original model?
Does this game work with leappad 2?
My daughter loves the game but it keeps talking about downloading "micromods". Where can those be downloaded? I don't see anything in there app store.
Does this come with a stylus pen/cord?
Can this work in other countries for example Jamaica? If I buy it and bring it there will I be able to download apps?
is age 2 too young?
Can you use it right out of the box or do you HAVE TO go online to install anything?
Does it support Chinese ? Include all app?
Should I buy a protective case?
Owners, do you recommend this product for three year olds? My daughter's third birthday is coming up. Help!
Is the writing pen attached? We have lost pen on older leap pad
is it good
Is there some way to get a charger or something like for cell phones or do I have to keep recharging AA batteries?
what's the size of the oval the track makes?
age range
Can I add more Lionel - Fas Track Straight or Curve Track to this set?
Does this remote control train work with the standard non-remote controlers?
Please explain the different gauge sizes.
Will Thomas work without the remote and only a transformer?
Do the sounds always run or can you turn them off?
is this product all plastic
I need a remote control device - where can I purchase one?
Wondering how the couplings between the engine and the cars works? My son is hoping for couplings that work like on the show.
How long is the track and where can you purchase extra cars?
Does this product come with the cw80 transformer?
How does this compare to O-27? Is it smaller or larger?
I followed the directions, but there is no smoke output. The smoke switch is in the on position and I added the recommended amount of smoke fluid.
what track size does it use, like to order extra
Does this set come with tracks
I don't know the size of the O gauge, How tall is the engine?
type batteries and etc..to buy any thing more beside games ?
How do you set up your leap pad 2
Hi! I don't see anything that mentions Wifi for this LeapPad. I'm assuming I don't need to have the internet for my daughter to play on the LeapPad?
Can you upload video projects to a PC so it doesn't take away from the memory on the device?
you buy games to uses this leap pad? or it has any games
Are you able to upload music onto this LeapPad?
YOU CAN SET UP A SPANISH LANGUAGE?
does it have a headphone jack?
how do u load the games on the leapfrog tablet
Does this work with LeapReader or just the Tag? Thank you
will this fit in the carrying case?
Hi my daughter turned three in September. She is interested in the solar system. However, still in the short attention span phase. Is this set too advanced? Thanks
Do wehave to have the tag or reader ?
Does this work with the new Leap Reader Writer Pen?
I have TAG JR would it work with that?
Do you need a Leapfrog system to use this?
Does this mention anything about the universe being millions of years old or anything? I am teaching my kids from a young Earth/Bible based perspectiv
16 accessories are included, anyone know what they are?
Is this good for a sharp almost 3 year old girl. Grandma does not wish to buy all girlie stuff.
Where can I buy the blueprint mat shown in the video?
In the video for this product it shows a mat that you can line the pieces up on and then pull up in the middle to make the design. Are they included?
can these work with Magna Tiles/Picasso Tiles? Do the magnets line up?
Would this be suitable for an 8 year old or is it too babyish?
Does the shopping cart come with it? It isn't listed in the description as being included, but it's in all the photos.
How tall is it?
does it work with real money
does it work with other toy credit cards
how tall is it
What color is the set? There are two different versions in the photos.
For the person that uses this with bounce house rentals has it held up well? Will it take the abuse of being a rental item?
Does the bucket that holds the water automatically refill after each dump?
What is the weight limit?
Need to know what the dimensions are of the base...not including the arm, just the rectangle base. Need to get a shallow pool to collect the water.
what is the size of the box it is stored in?
How's the game change with 5+ players? Is it either 5 OR 10, or can you have any #? More missions? Other changes?
If spies have two wins, and the leader (who we think is the spy) is dealing, how does the resistance win when the spy wants to be in the mission?
What's the difference between Resistance and Avalon? Which one has more fun?
Do the cards fit in those standard size clear plastic deck protectors used for collectible card games?
"30 minutes of playtime" is listed as a feature of the game. What does that mean?
Why does the box art girl look like Ali Larter?
The description says 5-10 players but can you play with 4 people? If not, what other 2-4 player games are fun besides Coup?
Does this version include the Commander and Assassin cards ?
Couldn't this game be easily ported into an app? It really seems to work better on a platform like that. Like on a tablet or Laptop
What age group
This may be a dumb question, but does it come with the string?
Do you get all four?
how long does it sleep
does it sleep?
Is the Duncan Butterfly XT "responsive" enough to wake up without "binding?" I want to give this yoyo to a "beginner" lady friend.
does this stay on all night
I've put new batteries in twice and its still won't switch on. I can't find the battery compartment cover - could it be because of this? Xxx
does it play music
Would this be appropriate for my 9 yr. old daughter?
Is 11" normal or miniature size?
Are these very comfortable? Would you be able to use one as an actual pillow?
My Dream Lite is flashing and how do you stop it?
dream lite not working
how long does timer stay on?
batteries
Hi - Can the handle bar be rotated to steer?
Hi - I see many reviews for "my 2 yr old, my 3 year old loves it" would this be good for my 5 and half year old? I hope so. I don't know. Is he too old for it?
Does it fold?
is the handle adjustable height?
What is the difference between RF Pro Glider with Pro Glider Ultimate?
Are the wheels made of rubber or of plastic??
My godson is about to turn 3 &amp; is average size but very strong/athletic for his age.Would this or the RF My First Scooter be better?
Does this scooter have a height adjustment on the handle bar? My 3 year old is taller than most 4 and 5 year old kids.
Does it come as it is or does it need assembling?
How big can the child be?
Is this for indoor use only?
Will Mar wood floors?
how does it spin
Would a 1 year old be able to ride this?
Does this have the electronics that make noise?
This page says it weighs 49 pounds. Surely it can't, right?
does this peddle or how does the child move it. do they have to be pushed?
Is this age appropriate for a boy who will be 7?
I don't understand how it works . . . what does the child do to make it move and spin? Thanks!
Does anyone at Amazon read the Product Description????? "The SafeSpin design offers stability and out of this world fun for children age 1.5 to 5 years. *Product Measures: 17.25" by 17.25" by 9.25" Recommended Ages: 5 years and up" which one is it?
Does this toy roll well on carpet?
What is the weight limit for it?
I know what it says but does anyone know if a 74 pd kid would be be able to use this?
Is there a spot to place childs feet while pushing them so they aren't dragging the ground?
does it come assembled
Is it normal to hear a ticking sound when it is pushed as a stroller? (ie pedals are not being turned) I find this super annoying!
Does this tricycle have an easy way of taking on and off the push handle and does it fold down for transport?
Are there footrests (not the pedals themselves) for toddlers who cant reach and are being pushed by an adult to rest their feet on?
Anyone else have an issue getting the front handlebars bolt to really tighten? We cannot get the handlebars to stay tight without give! I'm returning
Can someone tell me how wide the seat is across? Trying to see if my daughters spica cast will fit over the seat?
How well does this "drive" on dirt roads?
what's the height of the push bar? is it adjustable?
Can the adult push with just one hand, or, since it's a split handle does one hand need to be on each side of the handle in order to keep control?
What is the height of the figure from foot to head?
what expression does he come with?
What if a part breaks can it be ordered separate
why does it cost so much?
Is this the version with the removable sword?
does it come with interchangeble hands? like everything the figure woul have. i purchased 1 so im just asking
can yo put his sword in his shieth
What's fragile about the figure? I'd like to know before doing anything regrettable :/
I heard that a Link Figma box that comes with the Official Nintendo sticker that is not oval but square is consider fake.Is that true?
can you take of his hat
Do the wheels light up on this piece of luggage? Thanks.
How many pounds does it hold up to
Can I use for school like back pack?
Is this carryon made by Heyes?
how deep are the draws
What are the length and width dimensions?
Can you remove casters and stack two carts on top the other?
can the drawers be removed/
I am looking for something to store my yarn in. Is this deep enough for maybe 20 skeins of yarn at a time?
Sterlite has a set of these drawers for $18, which is less than half the $40 price of this Iris set. Is the higher $ of the Iris worth the extra $?
Are this drawers reconfigure able like make it into 2 , or add few more on top by disassembling them ?
I see thi sunit is sturdier than the usual ones available. I am looking to store dishes for my pet parrots. Would these hold ceramic dishes?
Do the drawers slide in and out smoothly or do they stick?
Would a 60lbs guitar amp be too heavy to confidently set on top of this? thanks!
I would like to know the weight of the product.
Where can I purchase a replacement hose with with spray nozzles
Bought this and kids love it... Sprayer system hose burst today....anyone know where I can get another?
Must it hang from a tree, or could you hang it using the swing hangers on a swing set? It looks like there are metal rings or chains at the top.
What is the length from the chain to the seat?
How high should the swing be placed off the ground? How easy is it to set up?
How do you hang this swing?
Does this swing move in a large circle? Do I need a wide ground area for it's use?
I dint realize how high our tree branch is. The swing is 5 feet off the ground.how can I extend the ropes to bring the swing down to 1 1/2feet
can it be hung indoors?
What is the weight limit on this swing?
What are the dimensions of swing area.
how many pounds does it hold?
are the stir-ups just for show or can the kids use them while riding?
Put batteries in but no sounds from either ear, what is wrong? Lost instruction pamplet
How much The pony weight .
Can I remove the woodern part to travelled
How tall is thise horse, and what is the seat height? What is the weight limit?
Is this bear stuffed with beans in certain places?
does it have a tail?
Is this bear 38" sitting or standing?
What material is the stuffing?
If I were to put a sweatshirt onto the bear what size should I get?
Is it the same color as the customer image posted by Bertha with the cute little boy toddler on top of bear?
Is it machine washable? If not, what's the best way to clean it?
Does this ship to Canada?
How do you clean it? Thinking about buying this for my soon to be 2 year old
how tall is this bear seated?
how many inches tall is this? 5inch or 2 inch?
Sorry if I am missing something, but what size is this?
Manufacturer recommended age: 168 years and up!!??!?
how many polly dolls come with this?
how tall are the dolls
How do you unsnap a piece that you snapped in incorrectly?
zip line
how many dolls are in the set?
How much wall space is needed to hang the entire set?
why the advertisement calls it Polly Pocket Wall Party ULTIMATE ALL IN ONE PLAYSET but the box it ships in calls it a "starter pack"
How many different dolls does this all-in-one set include?
is each kit in a seperate box?
Why doesn't Amazon get enough Monster High dolls to sell directly at the retail price?
Anyone else notice the stickers on the box?
Does it come in the box
Does the the suitcase have anything in it?
hi! this doll in box or not? thanks
how tall is this doll
Are both the picture day Monster high dolls you have listed made in china or indonesia
is her outfit a two piece?
Just this model monster doll? or have the other too? I want to buy 5 to ship in one box to Venezuela
Could someone explain the Fearbook and stickers to me? I bought 2 picture day dolls and wonder if stickers are unique and should get this or other..
Why doesn't Amazon get enough Monster High dolls to sell directly at the retail price?
What color is the doll's lip? I see it is wine color in the first pic but green in the box.
does she come with a stand
I have a question: in the box pic, you see here with fins on her arms and legs, with no hairpiece, and a different belt. Is this the doll you get?
Does this item contain the doll, the comb, and the journal, is all of this included in the package above?
Is the journal "doll size" or large enough for a kid to use it as an actual journal?
why this cannot be shipped in canada
is she in her box?
can i use a my gift card to pay for my order of toys
My doll has a slit on the side with the sleeve that goes about up to her shoulder. Is it supposed to be there, or is this a defect?
Is she really for sale now, or is this a pre-order?
what age range are these dolls for?
is her dress a two piece?
Hello, doll comes in original box? and then we once came in a bag
Does this doll come with a stand like many others do?
will it ever come in stores
what is it?
Can the toy headcrab fit on Gordon's head?
Anyone know where I can get some spare parts? I accidentally lost the crowbar and my brother broke the gravity gun.
When will the figure from Half Life 3 be released?
Why is shipping so much? 9 bucks for shipping?
Has anyone else found the linkage parts (between the flybar and rotors) to be about a millimeter or more too long? The set I received are.
does this work with the WL v 911?
Does come with a replacement gear?
does this work for h911
does it come with screws?
Does this work with the Hero RC H911 Copter
how many of the pieces connecting to the rotor are n the kit? picture only shows 1 set
Does this work for the Propel SpeedStar helicopter? Thank you!
Is there a technical term for googly eyes? Like how Band-Aids are technically adhesive medical strips.
how well would these things stick to a tree? or could they be attached by screws?
Are there two in a pack or just 1?
how well would these stick onto a sheet/clothing?
Can you make them bigger? How much bigger?
Will these fit on the bass drum of a drum set?
I want to stick these to a car but am concerned the adhesive will cause damage to the paint. Any experience with this?
how tall are they each
how talleach are they
ARE THESE 11"
Does this work with the zip line playsets?
can this be a halloween costume for a 4 year old
What size/height are the figures
Is his head on a ball hinge or is it stationary? If his head is ball hinged, does it move around alot?
Do these talk
Do these figures work with the zip line playsets?
Do these figures fit in the Shellraiser?
What is the size of the box that it is shipped in?
When u starts shipping to BRASIL? I need one down here... thanks !! ZIP: 22450-180 RIo de Janeiro, RJ.
When will you have more of the Sea Doo 8 Person Inflatable Mega Island Float? I am very interested in it.
Would this island be good for the beach/ocean?
anybody had problems with rips where mesh meets the plastic? Had the 6 person one and riped and couldnt repair it.
Hi, which air pump are you guys using for this island? Thanks!
Can you tell me what air-volume the island has? i tried to pump it up with a 1 bar electric pump but it takes forever until fully inflated...
we have only had the island for one summer and it has a big tear right at the seam which is hard to patch any ideas please?
Does this product have traces of nuts or eggs?
I've heard mixed reviews are they tasty or not so much?
Taste
Can I buy more batter and icing
How long is it? What is suggested age range?
what is the shipping dimension (dimension of the box it comes with) of this product?
Does this have a hand brake only or does it have coaster brakes as well?
Where can I find replacement running wheel and drive wheel
Does the pedal car work better on pavement or grass?
what is a "Coasting Shifter"?
Will this fit a 5 ft tall 12 year old?
is it good
can it come in a diferent color?
does it fit lego people from the lego company?
I keep seeing different messages about what size foot these are made for. Would these fit Fashionistas or Life in the Dreamhouse dolls?
Will the shoes fit Disney Princess's feet??
do they fit on (The Princess &amp; the Popstar) barbies 12.6 inches tall
do they only fit big Barbie feet ?
Do they fit Monster High dolls too?
Do these fit Liv dolls?
What about the new Disney barbie dolls? Like the ones that come in the pack of seven or so. Do these shoes fit those dolls?
do they fit the 3 foot tall Barbie doll
i ordered the pund- o- dice, and got 100 six sided dice.not happy, i needed those dice by today, what am i supposed to do?
Would the flaws in the factory-second dice potentially damage their randomness?
What would I need a pound of dice for?
What size dice bag would all of them fit into?
How many letter dice are there? That's all I really want.
How is this a pound when the shipping weight is 14.4 ounces?
they suck?
This has pictures of 4 sided dice but those aren't listed as being include. Are there some in the bag? I need full sets of 7 for gaming.
I did not get what I ordered from here I got the pound-o- 6 not the pound-o-dice so how do I get my pound of dice?
Is the 49 MHz Scooter alot better and faster than the 27 MHz scooter that's more expensive?
what size is the scooter
What is the difference between 49 MHz and 27 MHz La La Loopsie Scooters?
Would the lalaloopsy soft doll (10") not work well in this scooter, since it's for the bigger dolls?
What size doll does this hold? The minis that go in the doll house, or the regular size? Thank you!!!
How well does this scooter run on the street and wood floor?. Also how long does one set of battery last? Thanks.
do barbie dolls and/or monster high dolls fit in the scooter?
Will the Lalaloopsy hair dolls fit in the scooter? or are they too big?
Are there really 2 different scooters a 27 MHz and a 49 MHz? Two different prices so what is the difference??
Do the Lalaloopsy minis fit in this or would they fall out?
is the furby worth getting
What type of rechargeable battery is better for the Furby?
do you need an i phone or i pad to own a ferby
can talk in spanish?
good for a grandmother to give to 8 year old grandson , 5 year old and 3 year old grandaughters? (for xmas?)
It is just for girls? Or its ok for a 6 year boy??
furby speaks spanisch?
Does the app work with android system?
Can you send 2 of these (Furby pink) to someone in Brazil?
Will the Furby recognize more than 1 person's voice? Can it learn to talk from more than 1 person?
i was looking to buy one and see so many of them.... whats the difference????
Furby pink is 2013 ?
furby speaks chinese&iuml;&frac14;&#159;
Does this furby come with its own name or do I name it myself?
what is the age recommendation?
Do you think a Furby would be entertaining - or just frustrating - to a senior living in a nursing home?
What is an appropriate age for enjoying Furby? Will a four year old enjoy it?
Furby purple speaks spanish?
Is Furby too loud to keep in an apartment?
$54? Are you high?
Hablan espa&Atilde;&plusmn;ol (spanish) talk spanish?
can furbys have babies
which furby is better
What languages does Furby have the ability to learn/speak?
how to put in batteries
does the rc jet boat ready t o go when you get it out of the box
How fast is it?
How fast is it?
does the rc jet boat ready ro go when you get it out of the box
How do you replace a burnt out color bulb in the pillow pet dream lite?
do the mini's work the same way as the larger size ? do they have a 20 minute setting ?
can you purchase an adaptor separately instead of using batteries? If so, where can you purchase the adaptor?
is there a larger size dog pillow pet with lights
Does it show different colors
does the pajamas come off??
Hi There can you ship to Ireland?, how much would it be and how long do you think it would take to get here. Many Thanks Elaine
How do you wash Gund Curious George as it will be going to a one year old child who will be putting it in his mouth a lot -:)
How are the eyes attached? Worried about them coming off.
How is George packaged when received from amazon (sealed in bag? gift box?)? Also 1 reviewer complained of rough PJs? Addl thoughts on PJ material?
does it say curious george anywhere on it?
Is this set compatible with the older set I purchased a few years ago, without the ipod? We need them to work together.
Are these compatible with the older PHOENIX LTX taggers for use in team battles?
Do the guns recoil like the older Phoenix models? Also, does anyone know the range? Thank you.
If I don't have an ipad or iphone, will it keep tract of the number of times I have been hit?
Can this be used without an iphone or ipod touch.
How do you know who wins or if you have been hit?
My son wants to buy a set of lazer tag guns, but does NOT want to use iPod with them. Should we get these or an older style? (And why?)
Can you play with these guns without a phone or ipod
can these be used without an i-phone
so u don't need to use a phone????
Does the handle come off allowing the car to drive on its own once your child is older?
Can the toddler "walk" in this or is it only pushed by someone?
What is the difference between the Whisper Ride Buggy and the Whisper Ride ll Buggy?
What age is this geared for? My grandaughter is 5 months
Does it move well along sand at the beach?
Doest it fit 2 toddlers?
What are the batteries for?
How tall is this with the handles folded down?
do you have to assemble it
is there any recall on this product
Is the floor board completely open or is there a slat in the middle where the feet would be placed on either side?
Hello, I want to buy a car for my little child, but I want to know what material are the wheels?? I appreciate your help,. the front wheels turn?
what age is it best for
Do the car wheels turn? I want to push my kid around the neighborhood in it.
does the floor come off , so the child can use feet to "walk' the car around, and do the wheels swivel for easy steering
do the wheels turn?
I'm looking for push toys for my 10month old, we have wooden floors and we are looking for something that won't scratch them, will this work?
My kid is 3 and half years old and 3.25 ft (38.5 inches) tall - would he be too big for this?
What is the height/inches from floor to handle?? My 2 year old always insists on pushing things so it may be frustrating if he cant reach.
Can two years old kid ride in it?
does this cd use a ac adapter?
can it be used as a radio as well or just a cd player?
Can you remove the mic from the CD player entirely? So that it just works as a player without the karaoke.
Does this take RE-CHARGEABLE BATTERIES - ANYONE???? I've had this pink for at least a year and am tired of buying batteries. OTHERWISE, LOVE IT!
Does the unit come with an A/C adapter or must one be purchased separately?
is this good for a six year old
what is the age approaite
do any prerecorded songs come with it
Can you sing through the devise without having to play and sing along with a CD?
can you play karoke cds in this
What adapter do I buy for it?
My son has a speech disorder. His Speech Therapist used something similar to this. I'm wondering if he can just speak into mic and hear himself?
There was no wall charger delivered with this item, even though it comes with a place for one. Where can we get one? Was it left out of the order?
Can microphones be removed so it is just a player?
What type batteries does it take?
is it bpa free?
Can this play all CDs burnt aswell?
Why are the different colors different prices? Is the quality problem-not playing- related to the "hold button"?
The box shows two pictures of each shape - it appears some are notched along the side? Can you explain how the pieces differ from each other?
I'm trying to decide if I should buy this set or the smart set. Which one is better?
what is the best way to store these magformers, plastic bins etc?
Does this set come with any diagrams to aid in building?
could I order extra sets of wheels
What is the difference between this and the 144 smart set (other than the # of pieces)? Thank you!
do the magformer pcs. interlock with the magnatiles? I bought the latter for the children overseas and thought of adding another shape to their play. please answer asap.
could I order extra sets of wheels
What is the best affordable kendama?
is it regular size
is it look like what it is in the picture?
Did anyone get what they saw in the picture? please answer!!
Do you randomly get a color? (red,black,or blue)
How long did it take till you got your im going camping and need to know please answer me?
How do I get to choose a color?
is it clay
is it the small or fairly large
What is the exact size of this ball ice tray? one part of your advertizement says 6X4X1" and another part further down on this page says 7X9X9 cm ??
I own this ice tray, and my "cubes" always come out cloudy. What's the best way to make them clear or, optimally, like the photo? Call ILM?
Has anyone tried baking with it yet?
Is it only one mold? I only see one in the picture.
Does this make just one ice cube at a time?
Could I use this as a chocolate mold?
What's the best way to get the ice out of the mold? I've had some luck running it under water first. Curious what others have done.
Has anyone measured exactly how much water to add? I know it says 80%, but because it isn't clear, that isn't exactly an easy way to measure.
Your ad says communicator has real metal grille, please verify. I don't believe those are made anymore.
I bought mine some time ago, and haven't been able to get the bonus phrase to play. What do I need to do?
Can it be sent to mexico?
Does this figure have the classic sayings: Uphold the law, protect the innocent and server the public trust...!!! Your move creep!
How tall is the figure?
say if the holster breaks at the middle part (not the top part), is it somehow possible to glue it back and make it workable again?
Is this some what like the first figure released back in the 80's ?
Which seller has the Webkinz Signature West Highland Terrier Plush that DOES look like its picture?
WHAT IS THE SIZE???
Can you color the toy to make it more like a wheaton red cairn?
what age limit is the toy appropriate for? Webkinz Signature West Highland Terrier Plus
Does this webkin have a code with it?
Are these Webkins Westie's in a box? The stock image doesn't show what they actually look like in the package?
How big is it?
How big is this toy
Are the tiles wood or plastic?
Is the board one piece of does it fold in the middle
Where can I get replacement tiles?
Do you have this product with Spanish tiles?
does it come with turntable
Do you have replacement tiles?
How do you empty the pool out each day? Is it hard for one not very strong person?
The bounce area is SO small. Do you think it's really worth it or just buy a bounce house instead?
How big is the pool area? Bounce area? Slide?
Is the blower noisy? and is this something I could setup outside and leave out there? Can I turn the blower off and just leave it till the next day?
What is the shipping package size? i need to Determine the Dimensional Weight
Is the blower the pump required to blow the bouncer up, or is the pump something separate?
Doesn't the bounce area get too slippery once the kids are wet from the water slide?
Does this bounce house need to be set up on grass? We want to use it on concrete, and thus won't be able to use any stakes.
Does it come with a door
hi what is the box size, the packed what you sending?
How tall is the actual doll? Thanks
How long is her hair when you take out of a ponytail? Is she good for traveling or is too fragile? Thanks
Is this the one that comes with heart clip, star clip and the two hair extensions? Does it have everything that it came with originally?
Does it come in it's sealed original package?
The doll speaks Spanish?
Do you ship to the UK? Is there any import tax?
is this the one that has 30 phrases and sounds like the movie character
how big is this doll, 10 or 12 inch?
Is this the version that was sold only in Disney Stores? It would say 'Disney Store' in a top hand corner.
does the leash require batteries to operate
reviewers said it will not walk on carpet, is that true?
Is this puppy too advanced for a 20 month old toddler to play with?
Is this puppy to advanced for 20 month old to play with?
Thinking about getting this for my two and half year old, who loves dogs. Is the toy appropriate for her age?
where may I buy the glitter lease for the glitter edition gogo my walkin' puppy??
how do you turn it off please ?
My daughter loves dog, is this okay for a one year old?
would a 13 year old enjoy this or would this be boring to them?
Does this come with the original packaging?
do they stand on their own well?
what age group are these fort
Is this a talking Ninja?
Wat country is this item from
Is this the best size to fit in shellraiser van?
does this come in the original packaging? the images show the turtle out of the plastic...want to make sure this is brand new
what are the ninja turtles they advertise on tv called, the ones that do flips?
Hypothetically if the sheaths fall off permanently what can I use to reattach it, can super glue work?
How strong are these figures?
what are the accessories?
How tall are these turtles
Does this turtle come packed in its original box?
How big are they?
Does his she'll open up or not
do these figures say any phrases?
Is this the right size for the shellraiser/Lair? Or is there a different pack for those? Thanks!
I want to know if this Shredder comes sealed in the box?
Does Shredder have any small pieces? Looks like the shoulder pads can come off.
Are the toy arms, legs, etc move like the other TMNT figure toys?
does his helmet come off?
how tall is it
What size is Shredder?
is the 4 pc set that is 12cm is that about the size of this one?
how tall are they ?
Are these figures heads ball hinged or stationary?
Does he come in original factory package?
Do these move and make sounds?
how big is this figure
How big, tall, are these figures
how tall are the figures?
size?
do these have the lower kid decible 80 so they cannot make them very loud?
Will these work on LeapFrog LeapPad Ultra and LeapFrog LeapReader?
Do these work in a standard audio input (i.e. will these work in any audio device not just for Leapfrog items)?
anyone tried using these with an 18 month old on a plane ride?
Does it work on an iPad?
How long is the cord?
does anyone know if these will work with a nabi jr as well?
would these fit a 6 year old?
Does this work with Iphones
Are the controlled so that the volume is always safe for children?
What is the length of the cord?
sound control?
do they work with leappad ultra
can you use these on any device or does it have to be a leapfrog item?
Do the power blaster and shield come off? Or are they fixed/ attached?
Is this the same one that has space ranger on the front of him? I need to replace my grandsons with the same one.
Does this Buzz have lighted "lazers" on his arm(s)?
what size is it?
Is There Wrist Artculation
How do you get it to say 'to infinity and beyond!'? It says about 8 different phrases when I press coloured buttons, this not being one of them.
El idioma de la frases es en ingl&Atilde;&copy;s o espa&Atilde;&plusmn;ol?
does this toy say "to enfinity and beyond" and other sayings from the movie?
The toy comes with its box
Can Buzz's wings be opened and closed without batteries?
do you ship to Canada?
Do the front wheels turn?
What's the dimension of the wheels? Diameter and Width. Thanks
Do the front wheels turn,can you steer it?
Can a child sit in the wagon?
Does it come with a fold up bag for storage? Need a photo of it folded.
How long is the handle. I am tall and do not want to stoop to pull a wagon. Thank you
what are the wheels made of? rubber? plastic?
Is this easier to tow in the soft sand then the Wonder Wheeler with the Ultra Wide Wheels?
is this one of the original Furby's I got one last year that was white &amp; loved it. Hope this is like that one
I want buying this furby, but i just read theha only work with ipod or iphone or itouch, but i give my daugther a tablet, is it fix whit this?
does it speak in spanish?
Is it possible to change the language? I need it in portuguese.
Does the furby ever sleep or is there a way to turn it off? I remember mine as a child would sometimes say random things at night and scare us.
does furby speak spanish?
will the furby interact without having to use the app period?
its a boy or a girl?
He says in Russian?
He says in Russian?
Where are Magformers manufactured?
I am curious if anyone knows the difference between the Miracle Brain set and and Super Brain Set.
Which set is the best to get? Smart Set (144 pcs) or Super Brain Set (220)?
is this a real one or faked one? Last time I bought a bag in amazon and it's faked product:( just wanna to confirm before i buy..thanks!
does this set come with an instruction booklet on how to build the items shown on the box?
hallo, shipping this product to Germany? sorry for my english, please.
I am wondering how many wheels are included. The description does not mention wheels, but I have a feeling they are part of the "accessories". Thanks
How does super brain set differ fro miracle brain?
Which accessories are in this Set? Is there a list available? Does this include all the accessories for the Carnival, Transform and Construction sets?
Are her eyes red?
Does it come in a coffin ?? Tia
is this doll in the sealed original packaging?
So why does it say R-rated but people are saying you didnt send them the R-rated version?? I want the one with all the sayings, r-rated &amp; clean
I wish to know what are the 12 phrases?
Is this original or from Commonwealth Toys?
I want to buy one, please confirm if you can ship it to chile. Thanks
i want a buy one, but i want the one that uses four letter words do u still have it?
whats the difference in this &amp; the other 16 inch cheaper one? Im buying the cheaper ted
is TED MADE IN THE USA
Can u change the batteries.? There are some u get but you can't change the batts
i am looking for the bear that swears just like the movie Is this the one.
is the stomach soft or hard? I want a ted that is a plush
I want to Know this ted is a green r-rated tag or a red r-rated tag&#xFF1F;
How can I have this item shipped to China due to the description that This item is also available for shipping to select countries outside the U.S.?
Can you buy batteries for Ted or once it's dead it's dead for good
Is this perticular Ted the one with mouth open or just a slit as pictured?
Does this swear? How many phrases?
Hello, How long does it take to get to Costa Mesa California!?, I need the answer ASAP!!!! Because I'll not be there in 10 days pls!!
Do you ship in India?
there isn't any swearing in the phrases are there
do you ship in italy?
Is this version the one that swears like in the movie
Would this be good for 2 year olds? Why or why not?
do you need internet to use it?
Can you connect the innotab 2s to more than one computer
How do you get kids movies / tv shows on to Inno Tab? thanks!
THIS TABLE IS ENGLISH AND SPANISH?
I'm looking for an Ipad for children between the age of 7 and 10. Any suggestions. I have no idea where to begin. Thanks :)
THIS TABLE IS ENGLISH AND SPANISH?
Good day, I wonder if you have the option to configure in Spanish
language
To expand memory, do I buy an SD card or a micro SD card?
What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"
Will the Innotab 2s use the same game cartridges as the original Innotab?
do the apps cost extra? can you only use their own appstore or can you use amazon appstore?
Good morning , as I can do to put the InnoTab 2S in Spanish
Is this battery operated? or is there a charger?
Does it come with installed games?
I've heard kids can watch movies on the inno tab 3 with wifi. How do you get movies? From vtech App Store? Or can you get netflicks on it
is this good for an 8 year old
What's the price range on downloading apps, movies, and mp3's?
Can you download the Angry Birds apps onto the Innotab 2S?
what is the material?
What are the sizes of the puzzles?
How long does it take to ship?
how many pieces?
size of finshed puzzle?
How many pieces are in the puzzle?
The most immportant question is are the pieces relatively the same shape or do they vary?
How many pieces, or the size when finished
appropriate for what age?
is this online or does it come ina box you have to put tohether?
What size is it when it's finished?
how many pieces?
How fast does it go.
is it a rc car ?
Is it RC
Is it off road
does it use batteries
does it have suspension and does it roll
what does the rc monster energy car include in the box?
can it go mud bogging
What batteries does it take?
Is it jointed or non-jointed? Are the eyes glass that could be easily swallowed?
trying to buy a teddy bear for a shirt that is a 4t. will it fit this bear?
Is it really soft?
Can this bear sit on its own?
is this duck actually sitting on white styrofoam or is it just for the picture?
would the Duck be appropriate for a 6 month old? What about the plastic eyes?
Is this duck machine washable?
How sturdy is the bottom? I'm a little concerned that my daughter will want to get in herself...
Hope someone can help...Will this cradle accommodate a 17" doll?
what are the dimensions of this cradle?
I have a 20 inch doll. do you know the length inside??
Will this cradle accommodate Bitty Baby -- she is 15" tall.
Can this fit a bitty baby?
I have a 17" doll. Would it fit in this highchair?
Does this high chair work for an 18 inch doll?
What is the country of origin for the high chair(s)?
What does running deer mean?
How many decks of cards do you use with different numbers of players?
Three deer in the headlights: instructions say rolling player is "frozen" gets all the cards in the center pile. On next turn must roll a DEER in the headlights in order to reinter the game... How long is this player frozen one turn of play around the...
What do you do with the jokers? Do you deal out both decks of cards or just one deck?
if someone rolls any other combination besides the 3 numbers, and they cannot play any cards, do the other players get to give them their cards then?
two deer in the headlights + one running deer: instructions say All of any two cards from "their" hand? Who is Their hand? The person rolling or all the other players?
2 Numbers+1 Running Deer; If the person doesn't have either of the 2 #s in their hand, can they still discard any other #?
When someone has lost a turn can other players give them cards
What does corresponding number(s) mean?
How long is a player frozen
The doll comes only in the English language or can come with the Spanish language?
How do you replace this doll's batteries??
does she speak spanish??
The doll stopped walking aboy a day after getting it out of its box. I have changed the batteries 2 times to no avail.What can I do
My daughter wants to know if the baby wanna walk doll can urinate in its diaper (she likes to change diapers)
What are the strengths and weaknesses of this toy?
is it good for a one and a half year old?
Does this doll pee?
What are the 40 sounds and phrases it says? I have only seen about 5-6.
Can this doll bend to sit down?
can you interchange magformers with magna tiles?
Do the XL pieces work with my normal magformer pieces or are these pieces larger?
Can this be shipped to France?
What specifically are the nine accessories? Just wondering if their are multiple sets of tires.
number of pieces
dimensions please?
Is the code included with this webkinz?
The thing that looks weird is her tail. Does it look better in real life?
Does each furby turn evil?
Can it speak spanish?
Will Amazon get the Furby app for the Kindle Fire HD???
what is the size
What size is this Beanie Boo?
is the product the same colors as in the picture shown?
I've bought air hogs brand airplanes before and they don't hold up. how durable is this one?
Does it have the 2.5 camra
What age group for kids is this best for?
It is NEW, it has all factory seal??
Tomodachi, can you please confirm that your Joker 2.0 is Exclusive Edition with Detonator &amp; Mask.
Has the factory seal of the brown box (shipping box) been opened?
Ok, so I bought this and just received it, it says I can only store only lipo batteries up to 4000mah. I have two 7600 packs, can I store these?
What are the dimensions (size) of this bag? I cannot find that info anywhere. Thank you!
I can use this bag with the Temp Sensor TRA2933 for EZ-Peak Plus?
Do you thread the wires through the bottom when you charge it, and if not, how do the wires go through?
Does this come with a doll?
what are the dimminsions of the rocker?
does the doll in the picture come with it?
I am concerned about the opening, is it velcro or just freely open? I don't want any of my kiddos falling out of it
is there lead in this product
Whats the Weight limit?
Is this product easy to take down and put away? Can a woman do it all on her own?
can someone that has owned for over a year tell me how well yours is holding up?
How much will my electricity bill increase using this often per month?
HI, Deflated in the box dimensions have?
Are they any restrictions or guidelines on using in cold weather?
Is this bouncer is commercial grade?
Can I use this indoors?
Banggood says this transmitter can also be used for a v912 model, can you confirm?
Can i use this for a quad copter and how can i connect it?
will this control working on 27.145mhz helicopter?
will this work with the syma x1 ?
Is this a mode2 left hand throttle transmitter?
Is it easy to cut the traces (or wires) and add jumpers to make this a "Mode 4" transmitter? (For people used to S107s)
is it programible
is this a bind and fly transmitter?
what is the screen for?
I have a V911 new, out of the box, but it will not bind with this transmitter even after I have shifted the transmitter to Mode 2.
Does it work with the 3s?
does this really working if the unit was bought in US but using in Australia?
Does this work for the Mobigo 2? I know Amazon states that it does (above) but I got the card and NO mention of the Mobigo 2 on the package?
does it work with innotab max?
can u use this on innotab 3s?
Will this work for the Innotab 3? It states that it works for Innotab 2.
Will this work with Innotab 3S?
I bought a original used innotab and cant connect to learning lodge, says no device found. Do I need this to make it work?
does this work for mobigo2
Is this card reloadable or is it a one-time use card valued at $20?
Is this figure a Japan o Chinese?
how big is it
i recently bought a cell figure and im wondering if anyone know where i can get the kamehameha wave accessory seperatly? i would like another one
is this figure fragile? Will it break after use?
Has anyone else run into the problem of the torso coming of its chest ball-hinge easy?
You send along with brown box?
you send to Brazil???
When will it come
is this figure really worth 50 dollars? it looks really great to me, but im wondering if anyone who has bought it thinks theres something really bad
Hey guys its me again I just whant one more question if uall can awnser does he's head easily pop off
I'm not a mathematician but if I have 19 rows of 3 I would have 57 blocks yet this only comes with 56 giving you 18 2/3 row What is the right number??
If I were to stack the tumble tower 3x3 no gaps, how tall would it be starting off?
I am a mathematician. How can they be 3" wide but only 8" long?
This product is described as a HARDWOOD product but it is made from PINE. Is this a description error? What type of wood is this?
I have ordered these in the past. I just measured a block at 8.25&rdquo; x 2.75&rdquo; x 1.75&rdquo;. Is this the same. Were your numbers just estimates?
Are these the cars that should be used with the micro car tracks?
will these fit inside a plastic easter egg?
how many are in this package because someone said there was only 1 car. Also, will these just roll if you push them and don't pull back?
Are these metal or plastic?
What age range. Good fora 7 year old?
Is there anyway to select what group of cars you want?
how many transfer sheets are there?
do all the gems come mixed up?
can you buy refills of roll tape
Can Blingles be used on clothing?
paint toys
How do I request prefered color at time of purchase?
I have bought this helicopter for a Christmas gift, unfortunately one of the remote joysticks was broken in the package. Is there any way to replace
Can we operate several at one time?
how much is shipping and handling
Are additional replacement parts available for the atomic thunder RC helicopter?
Helicopter will not take off?
What is this pool made out of? Is it free of BPA, phthalates, and other harmful substances?
Is this big enough to have a few 18 months old in it? Or is it better for solo play w a parent watching? Thanks.
does the bottom inflate for a little cushioning? We live in the city and only have conrete to put it on, so we're hoping for a bit of bottom padding..
Is the hole for inflating a big one? Anyone know?
Would this fit a 9 year old in 14 size clothing?? Or would the straps be too small
Would this fit an average sized 5'7" female adult?
how would a 12.5 inch cabbage patch doll look/fit ?
will this work for baby stella and will this be too big for my 2 year old daughter?
Will this be too big for my 4 year old?
Is it machine washable?
what size is it?
Are these average size dolls
Are these average size dolls
How big is it
Is this the Doc Mc Stuffin plush that talks when you squeeze her hand?
Does this come with all the items shown in the picture? The ones I've seen in the store do not have the play needle.
does it make noise
item number
Is it appropriate for an almost 3 yr. old?
The title says 2 dozen sunglasses, then in the description it says 4. Which is the correct total?
Will these sunglasses fit adults(size)? Needing 24 for a wedding party?
I am thinking about buying for my 5 year olds birthday party. Thoughts? Too big
are these glasses made of hard plastic like the rayban style or bendy rubber
Did anyone actually receive 2 dozen glasses?
How many sunglasses would we get per order? I need 24 sunglasses, but some of the reviews say that they only received 12.
what is the USB cord used for?
Where is the switch to turn the helicoptor on/off?
how do you turn the helicopter on?
Does this keyboard come with a sheet music or piano book holder?
Does the EZ220 61 key have a sustain pedal jack?
I am from Australia. Does the keyboard have or can it come with an adaptor for australian power outlet? I thank you!
Can this be used with a Keyboard Stand that has Locking Straps? IOW, does it have screw holes at the bottom for the straps to be screwed in?
Does it come with the power cord? Older reviews say it doesn't but the newer ones don't mention it
What about bench for the YamahaEZ220 - how much? and can I order with the Keyboard?
My EZ220 came with a self-adhesive felt strip about 12" long x 1" wide. Any idea what that is for?
Can light up key feature be turned off?
what age should a child be to learn to play this without outside instruction?
What is the size of the keys relative to standard piano keys?
Quality of print on the cubes seems to be a frequent complaint. Can anyone tell me more about that?
Are the Super Big Boggle letters larger in size than they are in the Original or Big Boggle games? My elderly mother has macular degeneration and I thought Super Big Boggle would be easier for her to see.
Are the letter cubes made of plastic or wood?
before it said that it would ship to me in 7-9 days, but when i was checking out i only had a choice between 17-28 days do they really take that long?
Are they all 10 inches tall?
where are they manufactured
how many are there that go with it? &egrave;&iquest;&#153;&auml;&raquo;&middot;&eacute;'&plusmn;&aelig;&#156;&#137;&aring;&#135; &auml;&cedil;&ordf;&aring;...&not;&auml;&raquo;"&iuml;&frac14;&#159;
My order placed on December 21, but it shows [Delivery Estimate Friday, January 17, 2014 - Tuesday, February 4, 2014 by 8:00pm], how can be so slow?
How big are the minions?
If i order today, is there any way it will be here before 12/24?
May be shipped from Hong Kong to China?
What is the age group for which these minions are recommended?
What is the manufacturer's name?
hi there,,is it made only of plastic ? or is it plastic and die cast metal?? thank you
Will I need to pay tax to ship it to California?
can you tell me how much is general international ship cost when you ship to Terrebonne, QC J6Y1S2 Canada ? thank you ASPS
can you ship to Canada? if you can how munch for ship cost ? can you add a carton to protect the original shipping box&#xFF1F;
How tall are these?
i get 3 kendamas
i get 3 kendamas
Can you recommend a good scale of furniture/dolls/accessories to go with this? I'd like to avoid Barbie, but is that size in general appropriate?
How sturdy is it when put together?
Does this dollhouse work well for actual barbies and Barbie accessories ?
IS THE DOLL HOUSE PLASTIC OR MADE OF CARD BOARD?
Is this good with fisher price loving family dolls and furniture and others that are similar? Or is this the wrong scale for those?
how heavy is it? I'm thinking of having it shipped overseas.
How many pieces is it has? If folded, does it fit in a suitcase to take to another country? Thanks!
is this house good for a 2 year old?
what materials are used to make this doll house?
What are the dimensions?
Does the house have a front door?
What are the dimensions when it's laid flat? I thought this would be great to take camping in the RV.
is there cut outs so you can see in a noter room
Bottomline, if the different panels are folded, could they fit in the bottom of a suitcase?? My friend will kill me? Or is it possible? MANY thanks!!
is everything I see there like doors do they open or its painted?
Does it come with the furniture and are they removable?
Is this good for a 3 year old?
dose the house have windows
will barbies fit in it
Could this material be cleaned with sanitizing wipes or is it fabric?
If you wanted to, could you play this the same exact way as Tsuro: The Game of the Path?
The art work, etc. looks so compelling -- is it possible to START with this Tsuro without any knowledge of the first game?
So is this basically like getting two games in one? Have never played the orig. so wondered if this will work as both versions.
Tsuro had an additional book with the rules in many different languages (including German, which is my native language). Does this game have that too?
Can a six year old pick up the game mechanics, or should I wait until the suggested age of 8?
What is the height of the seat from the floor?
I see a weight limit but what height is this suggested for? I have a 3 foot 1 inch, 2 year old.
Also, can you make the seat adjust to the higher setting in 3 wheel mode?
The top latch seems flimsy on mine. Should I return it for another or will the replacement be the same? Haven't fully taken out of box to investigate?
Do the other figures fit into this Gup too? It seems kind of large -- can it carry more than one?
are the characters inter changable?
My child will want to put this in water. Is it waterproof?
what is the age range for this toy
Can this Gup be taken into the bath? It says it has sounds, so I'd say no, but want to make sure.
what is the size of this plush?
is this the one where you squeeze her tummy or hand to hear her talk?
Is this one the 'chit chattin' lambie?
Is this cardboard or a fabric?
How big is the box? I will need to take on aeroplane to uk. Thank you for all you helpful comments!
What size is the whole to connect a tunnel to?
Is ther enough space that two small children could sleep in here?
Is it washable? If we play with it in the sand, is it easy to clean?
Is there a fabric floor in it?
What are the dimensions of this play ship?
Does this come with the sling shot and 3 coconut foam balls like the one advertised at Toys R Us?
My son is about 47 inches tall. Would the basketball hoop be too short for him?
does it have a ceiling or can someone stand inside and see over the sides?
How many feet of track?
Would you ship to Dublin , Ireland?
Approximately, how long and tall are the cars and engine?
Is there a way to connect 2 track sets together for a larger diameter tree track. I want to set it lower on the tree so that my son can see it.
What is the dimension of the track?
How many cars come with this set?
were does the battery go
What's the width of the track, e.g. O gauge, G gauge?
How tall are the cars?
does this train stay on the track or does it contiually fall off to the point where its impossible to enjoy it?
Is it easy to be connected to the thomas rides the rails starter set? I mean are there enough pieces to connect them both completely together?
Do the newer engines go over the stop and go red things?
Are the TrackMaster sets compatible with the Thomas Wooden sets?
Shown:T&amp;F Trackmaster Sodor Sounds Trk Pk includes 17 pieces; however, I only see 6. Are there more track pieces included in the set that are not shown?
dose the mic work?
Can the mic unplug and connect to another device, like a boombox?
Does it have speakers along with?
Can this be plugged in as well as take batteries? And is there a volume control for the mic?
Does it come with battery's?
Does it contain lead
Does it record as you sing?
Does this take batteries? If so, how many?
Does this boost sound?
Should I put paper towel under the eggs 3 days before they hatch?
Will it do Guinea eggs without the rotating disc? They are the size of Silkie eggs.
Would I need the small egg tray for guinea eggs?
Can this incubator handle duck eggs? If so, how many at a time?
what the diffent between the brinsea eco and the brinsea mini advance
I'm hatching bobwhite quail soon. If I set it to 23-24 days what does it do at the end of that time period? Shut off? What if they take 25 days?
Will it fit goose eggs. We are only hatching one.
I'm new to incubating. I have two conures. Can I use this model on my conure eggs? Thank you for taking the time to help.
Will this unit accommodate the advance humidity pump?
Can this incubator handle goose eggs? If so, how many at a time?
How do you monitor the temperature? I read someone's comment that it was too hot for her chicks and they were burned. Another comment said you can't use a standard thermometer you'd use with a heat lamp because this one is radiant heat. You can't see...
the power supply this product is using Electrical supply 220/240V 50Hz or 115v 60Hz?
is this big enough for 10 dicklings? I know it says up to 20 chicks but different birds have different size chicks.
Is the yellow plastic on this model sturdy enough to drill holes in so that 4 adjustable legs can be mounted to the heating unit?
If I am keeping the chick in a plastic trough, is this safe enough so as not to melt the plastic base/sides?
Has anyone used these for peafowl or geese chicks/poults?
I can only get this device to 82 degrees inside a house that is now at 74 degrees. Is this as hot as it gets? Mine is new and I don't know?
Will this work for Turkey chicks? I have never had turkeys so I'm not sure how much bigger they are...
We are wanting to use this with Meat Chickens (Cornish Rock Broilers) They seem to SIT under the heat lamp. Will this work for them?
how many chicks can I put under it?
Does this come in a box?
Parents that have purchased Lol Elmo; do you think it is worth the $50-60 price tag?
what is the height of this product
does it write
do you have to click it?
how long do the pens last?
how bad is the shock?
Just got pin it will not work,and I followed the directions. What should I do?
How does it work?
what batteries does it use?
What is usually in this?
When ordering this do you get just one blind bag? or a whole bunch?
just wondering do these come out of the same box, or multiple boxes? i know its random, but i dont want to end up with 5 of the same
How big is it? And how much weight can it take? Would it fit an almost 9 year old?
What does it mean "Styles and colors may vary"? I want a Hello Kitty design... is that the style that may vary?
does it come inflated? if not, how do i inflate it??
can you deflate it to save room in traveling car ?
how big is it
Is this the new girly looking elf? The photo leads me to believe it is. **Well I ordered it based on the answers, but it's the old style elf. I really wanted the round faced NEW girl. I'll be sending this one back, this is the original girl and I...
is the book with female elf different from the one with the boy elf?
Is this elf posable
IS the book hard cover
What happens when your kid has touched the elf?
how do you know where to move it, where do you get the ideas? if I have boy and girl do I need to get 2 different ones?
dose it have magic
Where do you get the accessories from
Hi, do they ship to Poland? Thank YOU all for the answer
I would like to place my order by phone. am having some seeing issues.
what is a dalek spaceship
do it come's with everything shown
Is this the special edition with extra daleks? The first one has two daleks, the special edition (Argos exclusive?) has 9 including the black one.
How tall are theses dolls?
could you give me the box sizes ?
are these dolls in 1 box or sent as individual boxes
do they come with stand doll?
I want to know the size
Can you please tell me the brand of them?
Do you ship this item to Russia?
I would like to purchase this item but ship to another country, which not in option during check out. I am willing to pay Aramex shipping, Pls advice
Hi! Is this shipping weight accurate? exact or could be more?
Are these dolls manufactured by Mattel?
Will this work on an iPod touch? I can't seem to find any microscopes under $100 compatible with an iPod touch.
Can I use the adaptor/case to attach my iphone to my light microscope Nikon eclipse 55i (external diameter of eyepiece = 32 mm)?
The product mentions smart phone adapter, but description specifies I-phone; is there an android (droid razor) version, or will this work w/ androids?
will it work with my LG motion?
does this case hold the battery operated plastic trains? (not the wooden ones) And will they run on the track?
Does it hold the take and play die cast 10 piece set
Hi I wonder if I can keep here the trackmaster train motorized? TKs
Does this hold the wooden trains that are slightly bigger than the take-in-play?
does it come with trains or it just the tote?
Does this case also hold the wooden train pieces (or only take alongs?)
how big are the action figures
do these come in the box?
Are these figures moveable?
iis these good figures to get
what is the size of these figures?
How tall are they?
can this be connected to a boom box or cd player
Is it too small or babyish for a 5 year old?
How many, and what size batteries does it use?
Does this have volume control?
How tall is the stand? Is it too short for my 8 yr old?
i dont have am mp3 but do have a lot of music on kindle will this hook up to a kindle thanks i would appreciate knowing
can I sing my own songs or are they all pre recorded songs
Is it an actual microphone, amplifies the voice? Thanks!
can you sing any song or are there prerecorded songs?
Anyone know what the difference is between this microphone and the Peerless Performer? Thanks!
I want to make sure I will get a blue one if ordered. I do see the picture shows 4 different ones. But then I read that it varies. How can I be sure?
if i purchase 4 of these can you promise that i will get 1 of each color?
How durable is it?
can you pick the color and shape
Is the liquid inside just colored water at low pressure?
How to get more balls?
Is this basically a light-up wiffle ball and wiffle ball bat? How long is the bat?
Is the battery replaceable?
How do you inflate it? Do you have to use a pump or can you inflate by mouth?
how do you inflate it? im using a compressor but as soon as i take nozzle out it instantly deflates. there is no plug that I can tell
How many of you received the yellow one and how many of you received the pink one?
Does this item come packaged in a box so you can wrap as a gift?
HOW DOES IT STAY INFLATED
does it come already pumped up?
Does this come with the pump?
what is the diameter?
are batteries included
Is that right 80 each to a order of 10.09?
is it shipped from singapore?? cuz it's taking forever for me to receive it
How many lumens do these put out?
how do these finger lites turn on?
How are they attached? Would prefer velcro NOT elastic. Use them on dog collar at night
I had about 4 that did not work and one where the bad snapped off.
What voltage do they run on? AC or DC?
Is it possible to order 250 lights in white color and another 250 lights in blue color?
Can anyone attest to the new dolphin safety measures implemented in this expansion? My two pet dolphins would really like to play this game. Thanks!
where are some examples of what these cards say???
Can this game be played with Sheeple? Or will they likely be frightened and/or offended?
Do these come in a box or do you need a box?
I've played the original so many times at a friends, do I need it, or could I just get away with buying two expansions?
Hello Usa version?
do you need to order expansion packs starting with the first one?
Can you play this game with this expansion set or do you need to original game?
For those of you that have bought more than one of these expansion packs, which is the best one?
What size are the cards? Normal size cards or the smaller square size (similar to the size that prints when you download the first game for free on their website)?
I thought Stirlings were supposed to be quiet. Mine works fine but 'click' 'clacks' loud every 1/2 rotation. Is this normal?
How long does this thing run on an average hot cup of water (not boiling)?
Has anyone tried this with dry ice or LN2?
Will this engine operate off the, warmth of your hands?
Will this engine run on a pellet stove top?
The clips on mine don't actually clip. They are tiny incomplete hooks that won't stay on the flywheel rungs. Is there a way to fix this?
Do you sell kits for assembly suitable for educational purposes? I am a teacher and am interested in introducing this engine to my students.
What does thing do ? I'd like to buy one for a nine year old boy, but I'm not sure what it does . HELP !
can this make electricity
Are there instructions included for setup? Thinking of buying it as a gift for someone and I read that the flywheel and the rods aren't assembled?
can this camera support a 16GB or larger chip??
Did any of you buy it from amazon or did you buy it from a different seller on amazon?
how does the battery hold up in cold temperatures?
how much dos it weigh?
If mounted to a motorcycle helmet, how easy would this be to turn on/off while riding? Also, how long does the battery last?
Would the HD action shot be good to use while playing pool, or the standard version, none hd
could this be mounted to just your head or a regular hat or does it have to be a helmet?
How would this camera work for recording and analyzing a golf swing indoors with fair lighting?
Does it come with a helmet mount?
on full charge, how long can it record?
what cable do I need to plug into the LP5DSM? The 1 that came with the 12 in 1 does not work unless you pull cable out a little
Does this work with win7 64bit and win8 64?
what cable do I need to plug into the LP5DSM? The 1 that came with the 12 in 1 does not work unless you pull cable out a little
Is this plane all set to go? I mean, does it have a transmitter?
what kind if charger beside car battery
Does it matter if i use a higher mAh in my truck if it has a 3000mAh? Can i by a 5000mAh with the same voltaje ?
What are the physical dimensions of the battery so I can see if it will fit?
Do I need to order this battery for the Firebird Stratos plane or does it already come with one??
What type of connector does the battery have?
several reviewers say that it doesn't come with utensils but they are both pictured and listed. Do they or don't they?
ABout how big are the pots and pans? Like 3" across 1" deep, that kind of thing. Thanks.
Are these STOVE TOP SAFE? I read in the description they AREN'T OVEN SAFE and need to know if they can be used on top love the stop. TIA
Does it come with the imitation burner as well?
Are you able to hand the pans on the pegs of the Kidcraft Uptown kitchen or are they too long?
Has anyone tried washing these in the dishwasher?
Is the lid on the pot removable?
do the utensils come with this set?
Where are they manufactured? Thanks!
Does anyone have the dimensions of these pot and pans? Mainly looking for diameter and height. Thanks
Does the plane detach from the base, or is it one piece? Thank you!
Does it house mold?
mold?
Could I use these figures for cake decorations?
Is there holes on the bottom of the figures so they can go on the Jake ship?
Can these figures be used as bath tub toys?
What is the approximate average size of the characters?
What is the size of the package packed for shipment?
How tall is the tallest figure? I'm wondering if these Jake figures would be able to play with the figures with the Imaginext pirate ship? Thanks!
do the figures come out to use in the pirate ship?
how tall is this item
How do I delete an old game with someone who is not a random user? It won't let me resign and the other person changed user names
Is there anyway to keep score with an app or anything? I always get confused with when a triple word can be used again and such
How do I find out how many games I've won with an opponent?
How does this differ from Scrabble?
How big are the tiles?
Can you invite someone to play that doesn't have words with friends app
Is it true the tiles are cardboard?
I love playing words with friends but last night a message popped up for an upgrade, the up grade doesn't work and now I can't even play the game.
why is the word japan allowed and not most other names of countries?
How many of letter i
How durable is supe?
Is this superman statue stands by himself...And is it a good material made of..?
Is this made of plastic?
Does this statue come in it's original packaging?
how tall?
It says Pre-order, I see someone said it's in stock and ready to ship, if I order it now, will it actually ship now?
Why does it only offer a pre-order option when this item has already been released?
is the kotobukiya superman a resin statue?
Will an iPod work with this toy?
Does it play CD's?
Can you connect headphones to this? If so, can you do so while the MP3 player is on?
how many songs does it play? and dos it have a volume control?
How many stories does this tell?
How big is the number screen for the time? Can a child read the screen from across the room? and is it lit up in the dark to see the time?
Is there a light on constantly, even at night? Looking for a clock that has no light at night after nite lite goes off.
Is there suppose to be a light that comes on when cinderella dances?
Can you buy 2 sets of these to use at the same time, I have 3 kids so I need something that will work for 3!
Can you use rechargable batteries in these?
What is the age group for the Mickey Mouse Wilkie talkies
Is this to young for a 5 year old
Are these sturdy enough to resist to multiple fall down?
does signal go through walls?
Says they are good up to a mile away on distance, is that true?
How deep are the shelves?
exactly how high in inches between shlves
How well would shot glasses work with this case?
can this case stay on floor without being mounted
dose this come with minfigurres
does it come with the minifigers
why is the lego case more expensive than the hot wheel case but they are the same dimensions?
Hello, Can this be shipped to the UK and what will be the cost.
What is the size of the cabinet; height and width?
Will it hold a 25 lb toddler?
what is the minimal weight/ age?
Can the babies feet fit through the center of the float
is it appropriate for babies younger than 9 months old (with proper parental supervision of course)?
Is this canopy on the green turtle float adjustable?
Do both seats have a seatbelt? How do they tires perform on grass?
Has anyone used this at the beach? How does it drive over sand?
Is the pull handle removable for when you need to transport it?
What are the tires like (plastice or rubber)? How long do you expect them to hold up?
What is the weight limit?
Are the cushioned seat covers removeable?
will it fit in the trunk of a toyota Corolla?
Can the wagon be adjusted to have a flat bottom so that a child could lay down to take a nap?
Is it good for everyday use for a short walk to preschool, about 5 minutes? will the wheels easy to control?
Can you push the wagon also? (as opposed to pulling it)so we can see the chidren as we're cruising?
how big is medium for the snow owl. I need one as big as possibe
how big is the biggest snow owl
product description states 13", in product details, it states 5x5x5, which is it?
HOW TALL IS IT?
where can I get a 13in or 18 in snow owl I cant locate it anywhere
Is this item 5" tall or 13" tall?
What is the difference between the teenage nutant ninja turtles battle shell for $11 and the ones for $19?
Hello! Is this the same 11 inch figure they sell at toys r us, target etc?? When looking at toys r us the dimensions are a bit bigger? Thanks!
Are the largest Ninja turtles only 11 inches tall?
Is the piece that holds the large swords supposed to come off the shell? We had it for 1 day and it came off and now will not stay on again....
I know this is just the clear body but where can I purchase the roof? Not the rack, just the roof.
is it water proof
Is it a rc car?
Will this fit on a wraith spawn?
Does it come with roof rack or light bar?
how big is it?
Does it come with the interior? the seats, dashboard, steering wheel?
is it a whole car
does the chasie come with it and th motor tires and rims also come with it???
is it 4wd??????
Does it have batteries in it, or do I have to put them in?
Charges without opening case?
Did this product arrive in manufacturer's original packaging/box exactly the same as the ones one can find in retail stores?
although it looks like fun to play with can they sleep comfortable on it too
Does it use AA battery or the rechargeable battery
What is the overall dimension?
size
is the plastic or metal
Which Elvis Presley Colorized State Quarter will I get with my Bundle ?
Can you fit these card holders into the BCW Pro 20-Pocket Pages, Pocket Size: 2" x2"??
Hi friend, how are u going? Your product is so cool, but I just collect Quarter Coins.Can u sell me just the Cardboard Holders for them + Elvis coin?
what is the plastic made from, i.e., Dupont Maylar etc.
Is there plastic on both the front and the back such that you can see the front and back of the coins when they're inside the holders?
which is the weight of the products?
Good Night, a question. According to the photo, each cardboard have a degree, this is already printed on the cardboard or only referential? thanks
does it come already put together and ready to run
can I get 2; 1 of 1 color and 1 of another color??
Does it come with a charger and everything you need?
Can it be driven in snow? Waterproof?
what is the normal time for full charge and run time?
I would like to order a replacement battery..can someone tell what I need for this car?
can you upgrade? can the body come off?
How many mph does it go?
What are the dementions?
is this fast?
Is this mixer made of steel?
Can a child put sand into the drum of the truck and have it come out the chute?
Does it have any small parts that come off truck?
Are these the droids I'm looking for?
How big are they?
how large are these figures?
Are they open or in the box?
Dose it look exactly like the picture
This may sound odd, but how wide is the figure? Y'know, like shoulder to shoulder.
How tall is this Batman figure? Not the box in which it comes in, but the actual figure. Thank you.
what is age group?
What are the measurements ?
Does this come apart for cleaning? (Unlike the ferry boat reviews)
can you open it and put things inside?
Does anyone know the dimensions of this case?
What are the exact dimensions of the product?
Will the Chrysler building and the Statue of Liberty fit in this case ?
i need 10 box KAWADA NanoBlock collection case NB-012 Can let me know when stock will be in. What price u selling?? Pls let me know the shipping cost to singapore too.
Is this a legit or is it a Knock off figure ?
is it fully articulated?
Does this come with alternate heads?
is the package on the venom in good shape?
Does he have alternate fist hands?
Do i get to choose the frequency or is it random?
Can you please tell me what MHz this car is?
I am getting 6 different cars one as a gift for each family member. Can I get 6 different frequencies so we can all drive them at the same time?
what kind of battery do they use and how many?
what does the light on the right side of the remote mean?
how big are they?
how big are they?
I'd like to order 2 cars, one in each of the different frequencies. How do I do so?
If I buy more than one car, will the frequencies by different?
What kind of batteries does it require?
What is the width from the black stripes on the hood? I am trying to get my daughters name on the hood &amp; I wanted to put it between those markings.
My 5 year old is very tall for her age. Will a child 45 inches tall fit in this ride on car?
Is this a 2-seater?
Is this car for two kids?
Can I buy an extra battery for this? Does it go well in grass, and on small hills like it's power wheels counterparts?
Info about speed is a bit confusing, could anyone please confirm whether or not there are 2 speeds (2.5 and 5 mph) as usully for 12V riders? Thx!
How fast does It Go? Does It have two forward speeds?
does the hood actually go over the car
How long does the battery last if fully charged?
do the tires have good traction for hilly grass
does it require other batteries than the 1 included?
Does this scooter has reverse gear ?
Is this too small for a tall 5 year old? Will it carry her weight, so that it will go fast enough for her to enjoy it?
is this for a toddler
not crazy about the decorations... do they peel off?
Is this appropriate for a child who is turning 4? Or is it too small?
How long does a fully charged battery last?
Does it come with the battery?
is the size and weight cumbersome because i will have to take it up and down a flight of stairs for each use.
what age group is this for and weight limits
My son is 3yrs old would you consider this for a 3yr (he's an advanced 3yr).... And all does this come with?
Would this be powerful enough for an average size 5 year old boy?
whats age requirement?
do it run my battery and how fast o it go
what is the maximum weight it can hold?
hi thank you for your attention. i need to know the size and weight because i will send it by plan. please, check it to me. thank you very much
What is the age group. Is it too small for 6 year old
Does the scooter work very well when riding in grass?
Does this go in forward, reverse, left, and right?
Is this Princess scooter pink with WHITE wheels?
Is a replacement battery available to have as a spare?
My son is short. Like 26 inches short. Do you think he would be able to reach the petal?
How fast does this go?
Does it go in reverse?
weight limit
How long does it take to charge the battery and how long does it last?
What are the ages and weight recommendations for this
What is the max weight limit?
Can I order parts for this vehicle?
how long is the car and how wide ?
Does this car go in reverse??
What is the weight limit for this car?
My 5 year old is 47 inches tall and really wants this for Christmas. Is he too tall? Does anyone have a taller child that rides it comfortably?
can i get replacement batteries?
Does the car come with battery and charger or donInhave to purchase them separately ?
does the grill lights and head light and light bar work
What is the wheel size?
Can I adjust the speed? It's slower than I expected it to be.
How tall is the slide?
My daughters are nearly 38 inches tall &amp; turning 3 in a couple of weeks. Will this slide be tall enough?
what are the dimensions
My son is 2.5 yr old, 31 lbs and 36" tall how long do you think it will last for him?
How wide is the top of the slide, the part where they sit before sliding down?
Is the slide pink or red?
Is the slide red or pink?
is this a good gift for a three year old?
Has anyone used this for a slide into a ball pit indoor, weather snowy and cold looking for indoor fun here
how long is the slide ?
Is this really worth $41.95?
Does have the additional button that activates the motor?
I have 2 of these. Both make a lot of noise when the flywheel is running. Is this normal?
Is it battery operated?
Is it battery operated?
How big is it
Does it actually shoot up to 75 ft,
how much ammo?
is it easy to load
is the gun automatic?
The specific size of the tiles?
Are dice included?
This set is gorgeous. What color is the back side of the tiles?
Are the tiles engraved or are the characters painted onto the tiles?
are white or ivory tiles better?
does it turn
do the wheels turn?
DOES IT HAVE PETALS?
Is this good for a 35 inch 2 year old? Does it work well in the grass?
DO YOU SHIP TO URUGUAY?? ARGENTINA???
Do the wheels roll very easily? Thanks for any help.
What height is the seat?
What age limit
I took the parts out from the box to chek before gifting it. Now cant put it back. Could anyone tell me how it was packed in the box?
How tall is the house?
does this dollhouse come with any furniture?
Would this be for the lalaloopsy workshop dolls? Are they considered regular or mini size?
How tall is each level of the house, floor to ceiling? Can I use 18" doll furniture (American Girl sized)?
Why you will not ship this item to Canada
Looking for reccomendatios on where to get furniture or accessories?
Is this sized for the minis or the regular sized dolls?
Will it fit to a package box because i plan to shipp it to philippines?
Product dimension when ship?
Dismantle when you shipped it? What size? Or as is when you shipped it?
I can conect this witch castle 1410 3800Kv?
i know it says 12 cells is max for ni-mh. But what would happen if I ran 14 cells ni-mh (2x7 cell)? Thanks
Will this esc be suitable for the 1/8 scale arrma kraton 2050kv with 4s? Thank you
How many bullet connectors does this come with? Just three, or 3 pairs (6 total)?
I have a motor that is 2150 kv and im buying this speed control with it what battery should I run with it
Is it a plug and play for the Traxxas Slash 4x4 1:10 scale short course truck?? My old Velinineon VXL 3s got fried after running an 11v lipo.
What will happen with the ESC if I put 5s lipo, Will it smoke?
Will it fit on my 1:10 traxxas Slash 4x4 ??
Do the three bullet connectors come on soldered? Also I don't have to get the programming card right?
Can i run this with the mamba max pro 2400kv motor?
which is the actual size in cm
How tall are these dolls?
will these peppa figurines fit into the peppa house
will these peppa figurines fit into the peppa house
Are these really Fisher Price toys?
What is the product made of
Can I bend their legs as if theyre sitting? or only the arms are articulated?
Are these counterfeit? The one star reviews say the box has misspellings and the item is fake?
I'm not sure after reading review if I should buy this to go with the house? Help should I are not buy
The George I got does not bend and does not move his head or arms. Is this the "fake George'?
Can you steer it to turn?
Will this scratch hardwood floors?
Are the foot pedals adjustable?
Can this be used outside on concrete?
does it need to be assembled by us?
Does the pony move when they are not riding it? Could my child pull it along behind him? or will it only move when he is riding it
Does itmake any sounds, like neigning, galloping sounds, songs? Thanks
what are the interior measurements of the sand area?
Is this sandbox rain proof?
How many pands of sands does it require? I want to fill it with the new magic sand from crazyart etc.
Does this come with a lid?
How much sand do I need to fill up the sandbox? And where can I buy it?
Can you order replacement knights and horses?
how many bags of sand does it take
How many do the sand need ? please tell me sand weight, kg.
Example of some of the questions please?
is this the newest version. pic when I choose does not match original pic
is this the newest version/pics of box do not match
What is the difference between the Quelf board game by Spin master for $19.99 and the Quelf board game by Hedbanz for $27.99?
I'm planning to buy this for my nephew. How well will this fit in my check in luggage if i'm flying abroad with this??Can i dismantle it further ?
what comes with the kitchen set
How wide is the kitchen assembled in both modes please? Am trying to figure out if we have the space for it
I am planning to buy this for my girl,may I know what is the height from floor to counter (sink level) at the first stage and at the second stage? tks
I have a 13 month old and a 2 year old, would this be a good starter kitchenette for them?
HELP! We want to take it abroad! The box is bigger than what airlines allow. If we take it out of the box, what are the sizes of each piece?
what are the dimensions of the box?
For anyone who has bought this recently, are all of the food accessories still included? I did not receive pizza or cupcakes!
As far as I understand, it&Acirc;&acute;s 5 pieces - fridge, oven, back, the exhaust, sink-stove. Can someone measure the dimensions of the fridge and backsplash?
Is there storage and if so how much?
boat size/weight?
how fast does it go and does it break on first use
What type and how many batteries does RC boat require?
What type of batteries and how many does this RC boat require?
A small Wave Capsizing this "RC Boat" is your Best bet.!!!?!
Who mad the rubber bands?
Are these made by rainbow loom because last time i got the rubber bands from Toywiz a lot of the snapped.
I have prime amazon shipping qualified on this order. Why will it not be sent as described and arrive next week?
Where do you ship from?
How many C-clips come in each bag?
How many are there?
do they smell plasticky?
Do these come in different colors?
Can someone tell me approximately how many rubber bands are typically used to make each bracelet? I need to purchase enough for 180 kids to make one.
Can you buy replacement batteries for this power wheels?
Does this motorcycle have any push buttons for making noises?
Where is the power button located, and does it have to be held down to keep it going forward or just pushed once and released?
We're do you plug in the power cord on the bike
Can you purchase another power cord to charge the battery?
Is it too small for three year old?
Does it reverse?
How much does it weigh?
hi, how many watts have this motor-
Does the manual recommend age? I found another one for 1-3 years cheaper on Amazon. I would rather get one with higher age range. My son is 3 already
is it 4wd?
Is it fast?
is there any upgrade parts for this one?
Can it drift outside?
how many mha dose the battery have?
what is the MHz
How long is the range on the controller
is it 4wheel drive?? or only front wheel drive?
is it ready to run?/already together?
does it go fast
Is the white board magnetic?
Is it too small for a 6-8 year old?
Will I be able to fold it up and store it easily when not in use?
What are the dimensions of the actual drawing/painting space? Looks kind of small.
Is it Magnetic?
What does it include ?? Does it give you the 3-storage bins at the bottom ? 2-plastic paint cups ?
is it made out of plastic?
can it float on water?
Is it made of wood?
How big is the model?
Is it durable and built to last years after years
i can only make it do 2 sounds how do i make the other six work?
will it help protect me from Daleks?
Does it extend?
can any part of it come out
I notice it says standard. Is there a bette rversion?
does it come with batteries?
Can I buy a replacement part?
when was this in the doctor who series
Does the internal sound and light FX piece have the same sounds and secret sounds as the PASS kit?
Does the internal sound and light FX piece have the same sounds and secret sounds as the PASS (Personalize A Sonic Screwdriver) kit?
Does this item come in it's original plastic zip bag for storage?
is there a doc mcstuffins doll included
What size is the doll
Where are the medical tools located in the packaging?.
are the keys even larger than a standard size keyboard?
How easy are the keys to pull off, for a child? I'm looking for something very solid, is this a good solid keyboard?
Is there an alternate button for Print Screen?
Will this work with a MAC computer?
will this item work well with laptop computer?
Good night, i have a question this car is 1/8 or 1/10?
it's a radio system include? It's RTR? Thanks!
this available in scale 1/10?
What are the dimensions?
How many pieces is this puzzle?
How many pieces is this puzzle?
Do these work with the talking zoo?
Are these made out of PVC?
What if I buy a princess separately ? Will it still work on the Singing Castle I purchased?
Will these princesses also work on the Dutch version of Little People Disney Princess Songs Palace?
how tall are the figures?
does this guy break down into the truck?
How big is it?
how tall is it
Is there any way to hook up a mouse?
Is this a bilingual laptop
would this be good for my for 10 year old girls
is this more for 3-7 or is it more for 11-12 year old girls
My granddaughter is 6 and starting 1st grade. Is this good for her?
this product is configured in spanish, what you can say...
does it have games'
the lapto battery few uses and comes with Spanish language
is the lamp shade removable?
I just got one of these for my Grandson. The Tartis say to pull to open. It only works when you push it in. Did anyone else have this problem?
I have put the batteries in, turned sound on, opened doors and nothing happens. Any advice?
What voltage does it come in? 110, 220, 240?
does it come sealed in a box like an action figure? Also if sealed is it in cardboard or is it shown like a display piece in plastic
what is the size ?
is it cool
Is this the 1970s Batsuit Skin version? The picture is showing that but I don't see that in the description.
how accurately tall is it
flying time
Just opened the package. Could not find the rechargeable battery. Does this come with one?
does it have a camera
what ARE THE THINGS ON SIDES OF HELI FOR!?
What is the charging time for the battery?
Do you have to turn off the helicopter in order for it to charge?
I purchased this a couple of months ago, but just gave it to my son yesterday for Christmas. We can't get it to take flight. Any suggestions?
Is this an indoor helicopter? Does it work well outdoors?
What kind of batteries does the remote take?
How much is the filght time?
How tall are the cans? I have covers to go on them for a theme party.
does this spray string stain clothing?
Can this be used indoors? Is there an odor to it?
This says its not Silly String, so what is the difference?
Can anyone tell me the diameter of the cans themselves?
What state is this shipped from its saying delivery on the 24th of October. The bday party is the 18th.?
Does the display box come with the order?
I'm interested in 20 cases; do you offer a reduced shipping rate, please?
How many ounces is each can??
is it good
what age is appropriate
Can they stand on their own
Are these the squinkies brand and do they come in original packaging?
Could these fit in an easter egg?
How tall are the figures?
What is the size of the figures?
what size are these. how tall?
Is the red rubber hurricane-III ?
How much does the paddle weigh?
What is the thickness of the rubber?
what does DHS stand for
is this pen hold style?
#IS it double side pip-in rubbers ?
is this the hasbro version???
How many players is this version?
Is this the early version with the incomplete map, or the Trilogy version that includes Mordor and Gondor?
Is this version of the game in english?
Do these stick to the walls when thrown?
is it posibl to make them biger
are they the stretchy rubbery kind??
Would these work as birthday cupcake toppers?
Do they feel more silicone/jellylike to the touch or are they more rubbery?
what size?
what are the size of figures and are the parts moveable?
Is the product new and in the original packaging?
How tall are the figures?
What is that white line down his back?
Can this plush pillow be washed?
Why is delivery after Christmas? is there anyway to get it FOR Christmas?
Is there a recommended age for safety?
Why does it have orange eyes ringed with green when in the movie, the eyes are all green?
In the picture, toothless' eyes look like they are orange instead of green. Is that just the reflection?
Do you do ship this figure to Canada and Mexico?
what is the material, plastic or metal?
Does this version include the mini-holographic figure?
Why is this action figure so expensive? It looks like just a toy to me. What is so special about this?
Does this ship in the Hot Toys brown shipper?
Is the figure die cast
wHAT IS THE HEIGHT OF THE FIGURE?
What is the height of the figure?
How tall is the figure?
DOES IT COME WITH A STAND
does it come with a stand of some sort?
how heavy is the item?
How tall is this item?
Hello, this product is JP or HK version? Thanks.
Is it worth the money? These are expensive and my son wants this for his birthday.
How tall is this figure?
is the monsterarts figures taler than the figurearts
how tall?
How tall is the godzilla?
how tall is he
how much to send to UK
How many children can fit in it comfortably? We have 3 kids between the ages of 4 and 8
Does it have a floor sewn in?
What are the set up dimensions please?
Is this waterproof for use outdoors for real camping?
would this fit over a twin mattress? Make it a bed
Is there a fixed bottom in it?
Is it too small for my one 9 yr old boy (62 lbs. and 54" tall)?
where is the opening on this tent? does it zipper shut?
what are demmentions?
when will you buy more yuki plushes and will it be the same price as this one
will you ever restock on Yuki plushes?
How big is this plush? Inches if you could please. I'm terrible with measurements.
when will you put yuki plushes?
Can I get this with just the Pac Man logo on the top?
what are the length and width dimensions? the description indicates the length to be 6 feet. I didn't remember the tables to be that large.
what is a 410 game board?
I am looking for super mario bros...what option on this table has that...if any?
Thinking of buying one my question is if I upgrade to 410 board will I still be able to play the games that it come with
Does this game have Q Bert, Sinistar, Tempest, Pole Position too?
How do you order the 150 additional games and different color cabinet? I also wanted to know can you have the top personalize.
How much does it cost to play each game?
If I buy a 60-1 multicade, does anyone know how hard it would be to upgrade to a 410 later?
How tall is the doll?
Pls to confirm if the language is only in english?
does lambie talk?
Good morning! I could tell if the doll can come programmed in Spanish?
Does it come with batteries?
how many inches is the doll
What kind of batteries does this use? My daughter's ran down and I can't figure out which ones they are!
My daughter likes to comb hair. Does the doll have a full head of hair and can it be combed?
is this toy come on spanish and english lenguages?
why does it show 2 balls when only one comes in a box???????
does this price reflect two balls?
can an adult use this
Where can I get notepaper refill for passbook journal?
does it sense voice
Is this the newest version of the journal ?
Are her arms connected or dose she have joints?
WHAT SIZE SHE WEARS IN BABY CLOTHES?
Can she fit a bottle in her mouth?
Can her mouth open for a pacifier to fit?
Is she magnetic?
does she come with anything
Do you send things with her like bottles pacifies clothes etc.?
Does she have a full vinyl body or is her body cloth with vinyl legs and arms? 1/4, 3/4 or full vinyl legs and arms?
is she waterproof?
What kind of hair does she have?
Does it really weight 10 pounds? I guess the front part is stuffed with a heavy material?
what size does the custom come in?
Would this be too big for an average size 2 year old to wear?
I'm looking for a table for my 2 year old to be able to stand and walk around, not have to kneel or sit to play at it. Do you have the dimensions?
Does the top to this particular KidKraft Table have a reversible plain green top? Also is the top one piece or two pieces?
What is the size of the table top?
Does it find Thomas trains???? My son has A LOT of thomas trains...especially the ones with batteries
Does this table include the track set?
does it drive
do you have to paint it
Does the kit have transparent red taillights
Does the kit have transparent red taillights
Does the kit have transparent red taillights
Do you have to use the plow or would it look like a normal front end w/o it?
I am buying this for my bf. I know nothing about this. What all do you have to paint? and what additional tools should I buy him that he will need?
What scale
does it have a remote-control
Made in usa?
How do you "assign" or "explain" what keyboard input the various clips are meant to send? e.g. how do you "tell" the piano app which banana is note c?
will this work with a chromebook?
Does this kit come with the jumper wires and copper tape?
What age is this for?
my son has a kindle will that work or do you need a lap top for it to work
Will this work with a raspberry pi 2?
Are there any useful/practical applications for this? Banana controllers look cool but would become old after a while...
Will my brilliant 12 year old, who recently helped his dad build a computer, be bored with this?
I haven't read all the reviews, but one said you need an ESD strap. Should I order one? Are there more then one type?
Does the Makey Makey kit come in a box
Is there lead in the paint?
Is there lead in the paint?
Is there lead in the paint?
What size are these letters?
Is there lead in the paint, has anybody tested?
is it suitable for a 5yr old
Does this plug into an outlet or only work on batteries?
Does this hook up to a TV so kids can see themselves sing?
Can two microphones be plugged into this machine?
Does this machine have all the flashing lights that are on some
does this come with cd'S?
Does it have a balance dial to switch from one speaker to another?
can it play regular cds just to be listened to? and does it come with a microphone or not?
Can u buy a second mike?
does this support 220 volts ac power supply? If not do you have any others that support this powersupply?
I just bought this as a gift, so I can't open it. It says that you can put Ricardio inside Ice King; is that true? Does it work well?
what is the purpose of ice king?
Is the bottom completely flat? I intend to stick it to the dashboard of my car.
I just bought this toy as a gift, and the spot in the packaging shaped like Ricardio is empty. Does the Ice King ship with Ricardio inside him?
if your a fan of adventure time would you like it
does it come with a charger
how do you charge this on a tatop that does not have a slot for a micro usb
Is is wireless and doesn't it change colors
Do they work on Ipad?
can you use thes for a ps3?
Will this headset work on Xbox 360, PS4, and laptop computer?
How long did it take to ship
Does it come with the glove
Is it a responsive yo-yo
does it come with a string
What size response pad do these need
How do you put on the string? My son tried and while he can do tricks, it doesn't retract. Is this normal?
does it come with string already attached
can you put hubstacks on this. also what size is the bearing
what cind of baring does it have
is it unrespomnsive
is it pre-lubricated
Does the cube pop easily?
Where is it made from?
Does this have the white face or black face?
What are all of the colors on the cube?
Last time that I ordered this product they sent me Dayans 3x3 50mm. Product dimensions says 2.3 inch, which is 57 mm. What kind of product you sell?
Do they send it to Mexico? Or America?
dose it come pre assmbled?
What's the object of the cube? How does it work? I'd like to improve my visual-spatial abilities.
does it have torpedoes?
Can you play with just the ring....not having the cage over top? Pls help...its a gift!!!! TY:)
does this come with an action figure
Does this come with a ring?
does it sing or dance
Does minnie song the whole hot dog song?
Does the bow twinkle?
How tall is this doll? Is its face soft or hard
Just took delivery of first one. When I plug battery charger into laptop should neon lights come on? No indication battery is charging. Help?
I can't seem to trim the left/right drift. Always wants to drift or tilt to the right, and yes, I did try to trim w/ transmitter, How can I fix?
Which model is this version 1 or 2??
what is the differance between mode 1 &amp; 2 on transmitter
Why is the landing gear raised up on one side? I notice that my copter continues this lop sided stance while hovering and flying.
HELP!! Can someone please tell me which one of these helicopters would be ok for a 7 yr. old boy and his dad? Preferrably an out door helicopter. Lee
does this come with the controller?
This copter is AMAZING but I wanted to know where I can get every spare part for it like tail shaft,servos,etc...
does the lighting bird helicopter include spare parts with it?
i was thank.of dy one and i read 4 reveiew .yes going to get one steve t how big is it look small.
What is the difference between this one and the one Rio Grande Games sells, besides the price??
Does this come with builders?
What minimum age can enjoy this?
What's the difference between this game and Carcassome 10yr Special Ed. and "Carcassome"?
Approximately how long is the average game?
What is the correct pronunciation of the title, Carcassome? Thx.
Should I get this or the updated 2014 version? I see a river in the pics for this one that I don't see in the 2014 pics...
Why does this cost $49.99 on Amazon and $34.95 elsewhere? Is it different? Usually Amazon is less so I'm wondering what I'm missing???
Does this base set of Carcassonne come with a tile bag?
Can a 7 year old learn and play this game? Is it fun for kids?
Does the black fabric collect hair/lint easily?
How big is the inside and how much can it hold?
Can this bag hold textbooks/binders/notebooks/books/ and more...?etc. if yes, then how many?
Does the packaging come in good condition
Does this figure have any moving joints?
are Cato's clothes removable?
What characters come with it? What size characters work with it?
What figures can be used with this set?
What are the dimensions of the assembled unit, specifically how wide? Not the box that it comes in... Thanks!
Where can you buy spare parts for this playset?
What kind of batteries does it need?
I'd like to know how long this takes to assemble,,,,just trying to plan my schedule. Thank you!
how flimsy?
where do stickers 23, 24 and 25 go?
Does anyone know the difference between this set and the "master" playset?
where does #39 and #39a go?
Does it come with a battery ?
Is it blowback
how much ammo can the clip hold?
is it a metal gear box
why is there not orange tip to show its not a real fire arm!!???
is it full metal
is it spring loaded or battery
Who is the maker?
what is the FPS?
Is it possible to buy only the plush raccoon? I don't care about the game. The price is very high for a stuffed animal.
How tall is it? Thx!
What is the size?
what is the size?
Does this have the gold signature tag and code?
Why is the woodland raccoon so expensive, when the other Webkinz animals are less than $10? I really like the color of raccoon, can't find w/o code.
do the cupcakes and cookies come off of their respective trays?
is it worth it? will she like it?
These reviews are so confusing. How big are the actual items? Not sure how they could be "better for a one-inch doll" and perfect for an AG ....help!!
Does it come in a box so I can give it out as a gift? Or are all the pieces loose. In a shipping box?
Does the 18 inch doll Baking Set really come with everything pictured? (including the little cookies and cupcakes) It says there are 20 pieces, I can't tell what they are counting.
What is the scale size of this truck
Where was this toy made?
Do the wheels work on this vehicle? Doors work? Back door work?
Where is this manufactured?
Do any of the doors open?Thanks
Is this ho scale?
Is it plastic and how big is it
Does this keyboard have a headphone jack?
Does this take batteries
What type of batteries does this toy use, and how many?
Is there an instruction manual beside what is on the box?
Can you play chords on this keyboard, or more than one key at a time?
Is this intended for use with the battery-operated Polar Express train
Is this O Gauge or G Gauge?
will it work with the north pole express train this model:EZTEC 37260 NORTH POLE EXPRESS CHRISTMAS TRAIN SET RC G Scale
how many sheets in each package?
How many stickers are in each package?
how many sheets does this come with?
IS TH IS GOOD FOR A 3 YEAR OLD?
what ages is this scooter for ?
Is the foot deck plastic or metal?
I can folding for store.
Can you plug in a iPod in it I don't have an mp3
Is there any way for the parent to steer this?
I got Melissa &amp; Doug Trunki but it doesn't seem durable at all. Was wondering if this is durable enough to carry my 2yr old plus having it packed.
Do you think it will fit a pair of skates and a hockey helmet?
do you ship to Taiwan?
made in china?
Manufacturer People's Republic of China?
Does anyone know how much does it weight and how big is it? I' d like to ship it to my niece oversea? :(
HOW MUCH DOES IT WEIGH?
Hi, I purchase this item in December 18, 2012. When the last time I took it out to use, the seat tool hole break. Could I buy a spare seat?
When was this map made? How current is it?
Can we Write-on, wipe-off with dry-erase markers on this maps?
How many cities are noted on the map? I can't tell if only the capital cities are marked or if multiple are shown for each country.
What are the sizes of these maps?
are capital cities named?
Does the map arrive in a poster tube?
Can the world map be purchased separately?
Does the world map show time zones?
how are maps hung?
What are the dimensions of this map?
how long do they last ?
Do they expand? If so, how much?
Hello I am looking for a smaller bead with a bit more durability. Specifically I need a bead to not split when I pierce it. Ideas?
Can you use these in the Orbeez Luxury Foot Spa?
Have your polymers (Jelly Beadz) ever gotten moldy? Are there any tips on how to avoid growing mold on them?
If these are NOT intended to be around children, could you use a little bleach with the water to keep the from getting moldy?
can these be used with essential oil for room deodorizers?
Do you have just mint green and pink?
Do you know why the jumbo sized Jelly Beadz were recalled? I wanted to get some for my kids but now can't find them anywhere!
I've read that they are good for plants. Do they slowly release their water in the plant? Can you reuse them?
Is it floppy or stiff?
Is it cuddly?
is this signature popular?
How much is shipping for one 10" african wild dog?
where does the product come from?
where does this product come from?
Is this the small or large singnature webkinz?
Is this the 10" african wild dog?
What is the best way to charge this? How long can they charge?
What exactly comes in the box? Is it just the loop or does it come with some track?
Does this attach to the starter track?
how fast does it go
How many cubes should I get to start with? Is there a sweet spot that makes the available games much better?
when will the new Sifteo's be released?
So it costs 235 for only 3 Sifteo Cube?
I have 9 children (ages 2-17). Should I purchase more than 1 main set so several can play, or just add-on cubes?
Are these the new second-generation cubes?
Is it possible to order a green one, need it by holidays?
Can someone update the availability of colors for 3/15?
Is it possible to order the four colors?
Is there the possibility I get the red and blue. I want to buy two, but I want this colors
Does it have plastic or metal blades
does this come with an ac charger
How much time to charge battery (#4603)?
what colors are they?
Can these be used in the Orbeez luxury spa?
Can these be used in the Orbeez luxury spa?
how long tell it gets here
do they come as small beaeds
Would these be good for letting your feet sit in a tub of them?
how long does it take to ship
Just ordered these to have fun sensory bins with my toddler boys as we are stuck inside during the polar vortex in MI :) How do I go about making these? What's the bead to water ratio? Thanks!
Most .large globes on the market are 12 " in diameter. It really makes no difference to me as I have seen too many negative feedbacks on this product
size of globe
Is there a way to rotate the globe up or down? We can't comfortably see what's north and south. Is there a trick I'm missing?
Same thing...is it compatible with Mac? Will the iPad be enough? Will he be able to use it without a PC?
Do the clothes come off this doll? Want to use him to help potty train my son.
from head to toe how tall is the doll?
If I buy this doll for my son, will he become as much of a failure of a child as Caillou? It's cute, but I don't want my son to be terrible at life.
Just want to know if the Caillou doll can bend his legs.
will the john deere riding toy trailer attach to the john deere power loader tractor without any modifications
can you attach a trailor?
Can anyone tell me approximately how long the battery lasts on this(while in use)
Is the scoop removable?
How do you take out the battery to charge this thing? So far it seems like a 20 minute process of pulling lever opening hood unscrewing and prying it
i just want to make sure this is run on power not foot peddles? Also, is the loader power?
Can you please tell me if all 4 dolls in the package are 11.5"? Thank you
are these the same height as the mlp or monster high dolls?
These dolls originally had very rough hair, then were redone and had silky hair. What is the texture like after brushing these dolls hair?
Hi, does it include the Bonus Disk?
do you guys make the bloom doll of mythix
Can you tell me if the wings from the from the 11.5 inch Winx Deluxe Believix Dolls will fit these dolls.
Do these work with the hyper dome ?
does a car come with it?
How do I get additional cars?
How many of you have experience dead/poor or no charge after a few days? I wrote to the Toy manufacturer but I expect to get no answers back. =(
Do these have an odor? Amazon reviews noted another version of these had a horrible odor.
how are they packaged? are they in the Caomaru box?
Just wondering if these are made in China or Japan. Thank you!
Is that free shipment to HK?
What size are they? I am after something like this that is about the size of a coconut.
Is this shipped folded or rolled in a tube?
can I use push pins on this map? I am concerned about it being laminated for that reason
how big is it? what are the dimensions?
What is the size of this map?
Hi i would like to know is this map Laminated of just paper ? Thank
Hello Mini-mart, I am looking to gift this to kids. does this come in a package ? Any photo of the package?
How are they packaged? What box do you recommend?
How do these work? Does each one require a battery? If so, does it come with? what size?
How many laser lights do you get for $0.65. Just 1?
What kind of battery charger do I need to buy? This was purchased at a garage sale with no charger.
how do you get the music to play/
Is this big enough for a 3 year old? I keep looking at others and everyone says they are small.
Does this go in reverse?
What is the weight limit
Good afternoon, what are the dimensions and weight of the product for shipping? Thanks
Does this have LED's on it? I have a Micro Drone 2.0 which this is likely an OEM of &amp; it has LED's 2 white in front &amp; 2 blue in back below the rotors
Which Mode is this? 1 or 2?
6 axis
will this motor fit your quad? http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00D... also why type of battery ?
Can this version take video (I don't mind if it can't record but I just want to see where it's going using the camera)
will this work with the deco 2402d transmitter?
Has anyone had a problem with the transmitter beeping the high-middle-low pitch pattern constantly even though it is working and flying perfectly?
can this motor fit directly into your quad? Ladybird-Z-05 QR Ladybird Aircraft Quadcopter.
Newbie here. I'm confused about the transmitters Devo 4 vs. Devo 2402D - what are the differences? Can I later 'up-grade' to a better transmitter?
Is this track compatible with the die-cast trains?
Is the fold-out track compatible with the Quarry Climb Take 'n Play?
does this connect with trackmaster
Are the pieces shown the amount that will be received?
Would this track be well suited to go along with the original train case and a few of the trains for when we are visiting?
are the take n play tracks compatible with the Mega Bloks Thomas tracks?
are these made of wood?
Are there enough pieces to make a full loop if you don't have any of the other take and play kits or would you recommend two sets?
How many pieces does this set come with?
does it run on carpet?
does it come with batteries
how many batteries does it need
Is it fast? If it is how fast does it go?
Can it drift on asphalt? (tennis court)
How fast does this drift car go?
Are the controls binary or gradual? That is, can it go slowly if I touch the control slightly? And can it turn slightly left or slightly right?
whats the frequency?
Will it work on dirt???
how long and tall is it?
Do you place this product directly on the page to read. Variable Size? please explain. Thank you
does it bend or is it hard plastic?
does it lie flat on page and work?
I am looking for one that I can put directly on my music when I play the piano. Is there anything like that available?
Does it have a real food to make With it ?
does the re- fills also cover the icing ? .
Is the dough processed on the same equipment as peanuts?
Does it have a real food to make With it ?
does it really let you write the fortunes
Does the dough contain peanuts?
We lost the instructions. How much water? How long in microwave? Any thing else we need to know?
Can I order multiple booklets and pay only one shipping fee of $4.99?
Is it an international stamp? If not, which is for international??
The two pictures displayed show two different stamps (one has the "Forever" crossed out). Which stamp is this selling?
Does the shipping drop of I buy $20,000.00 worth of stamps for my store?
Are they self-stick, regular normal Forever stamps?
is that can use of sending a card to China?
Why is shipping $4.99 per booklet when the stamps cost less than 46 cents to mail?
are these the current value of stamps today 46 cents?
Why do you grossly overcharge on the shipping and handling?
What are the Scott numbers as there were 4 different types of booklet stamps?
is it strong enough to attach a go-pro to it?
Just opened the box and I see a loose black wire under the copter. Is that normal, or should I try and figure out where to solder it?
One of the blades is not spinning fast enough and with little trist not at all, this prevents me from flying it. Anyone know how to fix it?
how long will it fly on one charge
dimensions
Will it fully hover?
Can get it to work
One blade is not spinning fast. So, it dips onto that side and does not take off at all. Fresh out of the box. Please help?
could anyone please help me to reset the remote of X1. I have played around a bit with fine tuning buttons and don't know how to factory reset it.
How many can fly in the same area at the same time (frequency selection)
does she come with a binki
What does "fully posable" mean? Cloth body or hard body?
does it giggle every time you touch it like perhaps when you set it down
Hello. Please, are arms and legs of this kind of Doll articulated? Of are they immobyle?
are her eyes sopost to be brown or blue
hay what do you think I should name her
does she turn her head when you talk like olivia
can. you stick a passy or bottle in her mouth
does she go on batteris
How long is the board?
what are the dimensions
What's the weight since I will need to re ship after I wrap it?
Are the two sets cellophane wrapped individually? I'm looking to split it into two gifts. Thx!
Are the holes in the beads large enough to fit on pipe cleaners?
Are the beads small enough for doll necklaces?
how long are the laces for these? i may want to make one of these for myself sometime, and my choker legth is 14-16 inches
Is a kindergartener too ofd for this?
age range
what are the ages recommended
Is this packaged together or could I separate them for gifts for 2 different kids?
Are these too young for a girl turning 10?
Is this game bigger on the inside?
What is the minimum recommended age for this game?
Is there a version of the Yahtzee TARDIS that has plastic windows? The pictures look plastic but when I saw them at a store, they were stickers!
how big is the tardis in inches or centimeters?
how much assembly is required
How hard would it be to assemble then disassemble for travel? What are dimensions in box?
Do the refrigerator, microwave, and oven doors open?
do the refrigerator, microwave or phone have real buttons or just stickers? what sounds does it have? How long will it be fun for my two year daughter
Is there a way to turn off the sounds? Like an on/off switch?
what is the counter height?
Is the sink basin removable?
Is this a good buy for my 4 yr old grandaughter? I'm not seeing the age range.
Does the "drawer" to the left of the oven open or is it a sticker?
does the water faucet moves?
How many pieces does it have?
What is the size of the puzzle pieces
how many pieces is it
how many pieces?
How many pieces are in th Frosty's Jigsaw Puzzle ?
Is this a good toy for a 7 yrs old girld
What is the app name to control it? I lost the box with the manual, and I need to install it on my iPad. I tried on app from the app store but i can not made them connect.
Do I need to buy batteries?
After a few hard crashes, it has lost stability. It now flies like it is drunk. Can it be fixed?
Great toy. I love it and Costco great price. Anyone knows how to add another battery to make it fly longer?
Where/How can I buy spare parts for this copter?
I purchased two of these, how do i change the channels?
Hi, my ufo would just fly for 32 to 3 seconds and then it would stop and drop. you throttle again and it would to the same thing. Any ideas?
used only 1 day small pin fell out of propeller how do you get a replacement part very unsatisfied alot of money for it to come apart so easily not e
can i order spare parts?
Is the ignition source included or sold separately?
What accelerant is used to propell the potato,tennis ball?
How far does the city slicker shoot?
I like this size, what would you reccomend for projectiles?
Can you launch t-shirts from it?
What material is the barrel made of?
does it come with tennis ball adapter?
Will this work to raise amateur antennas with a tennis ball and fishing reel?
How far will it launch a 2". 3.2oz mini tennis ball/dog toy
Can I use this to Launch T shirts into a large crowd and if I can how fast can I re-load it?
Does Pocoyo Have a soft face or is it plastic?
The purchase includes 22 dolls?
Are the materials hypoallergenic?
How tall is this toys?
Hang
ships to brazil?
How do we correct the tilt to left or right when trying to lift off. It starts to lift then just falls to either side. Does anyone have any tips on this?
Is the battery in the helicopter replaceable? When the battery dies, can I quickly and easily swap it out with another fully charged battery?
Can u chage from left to right hand? Can you change modes for different control options?
Hello can someone help me with the spinning problem, I have tried trimming it as mentioned in the manual. But it is continuous beeping and spinning?
Is there a tail LED?
Will not stay sychronized, will connect for a secont, up the throttle, blade spins one time and all dies. Batteries are good.
I have bought two helicopters and the controllers don't turn on. I have put brand new batteries. What is the problem?
Does it have any light to fly in the dark?
Is the charger a WALL charger?
Where can i get a manual. Didn't have one in the box
So 100 pieces of balloon comes without air in it. How shouldI put helium inside those. Does it come with string to attach to the balloons?
Can these be blown up without helium?
hi how long would this item take to ship?
Hi, with this item will it be an even split of 50 pink and 50 white balloons? Thanks!
Can u ride it
What are the dimensions?
What are the dimensions?
How large is it? Length? Heigth?
do the lights blink when turning left/right,braking, and so on?
about how long are the wires?
is it waterproof
if I do not want to use the power of the car, the kit comes with a connector to connect a battery?
if I do not want to use the energy of the car, i can used a battery 9 V??
What size are the LED lights 3mm or 5mm or both and what colors are what size??
does it come with a battery pack or does a battery have to be bought?
About what size is the actual ship once it is out of the mold?
Can u bake in this mold
What are the measurements? How big is this product?
Do you get to choose the 10 moshlings?
Does it come with all the moshlings in series four?
Are all 10 different?
Is this one troll doll or a set?
How big is it?
how much of them are their
Does it speaks other languages, my nephew just speak portuguese.
how do you reset the password
Can this be used in a game room
Can this be used for livestreams
Does this work with surface 2
Does this work with a ipad
Can boys use this
This is way over priced, they have this same toy at walmart for $27.99, I don't understand the higher price on here.
Please, do you delivery to Brazil? My daughter ask to Santa Claus....please, help me!
Is this the EXACT SAME Mattel Journal that in pink is under $25?? Is the DOUBLED PRICE cuz it's Monster High themed or is there another difference?
Is the video in color? What is the range of the helicopter?
how do you connect to computer to see my photos and videos
Does this model come with a remote or do i have to use my cell phone?
Will the video work with Mac computers?
Will the video work with Mac computers?
Does the video work with Mac?
Is the camera really 3 mega pixel ? or is it 0.3 or 1.3 mp?
What age group is this item suitable for?
I have bought two of these and have yet to receive one that makes any sound when you reach in the jar. Am I missing something or just getting defective products?
hello, spoke in Spanish?
What does he say?
Is this a soft and snuggle-friendly bear or is he hard in the tummy because of the talking unit? Thanks!
I need to know if Ted's mouth moves? Does he sing the thunder song? Are the batteries replaceable?
does This Teddy Has Eyebrow.....becuase the picture does not
does This Teddy Has Eyebrow.....becuase the picture does not
Does This One Has The Thunder Song Or Not??
I want to know,Is this red tag or green tag?Somebody say this is PG clean.I dont know which one is ture.
does his mouth move
Is this the raunchier version? Does the raunchier version come with one with 12 phrases?
Are You Very Happy With This Ted? I'm getting one soon,
Can you ship to China for me? I can pay for the shipping fee
I'm confused. The description says "5 phrases" but then under the detailed description it says 12 phrases. How many does this Ted say?
HI. IS THIS TED LONG FUR OR SHORT FUR?
HI. CAN THIS TED change batteries?
Is this the common wealth ted?
Is it for kids
It's the original?
What does he say
Does he really look like in the movie and what material is he made of? Is he fluffy? And does he sing the Thunder Song?
Make sure you check the seller descriptions. Seller might be selling the 16" instead of the 24" one here?
What is the length?
how long is the we glow pink zebra baton?
Exactly how big are the batons?
Just confirming that these are 6 individual hair pieces in one pack?
What size replacement batteries
do these flash multicolor or does each one just flash one color?
Where does this item ship from?
Can the fiber optic threads be cut? I have short hair, and I want to blend with my cut.
I would like to use these for a total of 16 hours. Will they last that long? If not, are the batteries replaceable? What battery type do these take?
Do these lights blink alternating colors?
This says fulfilled by Amazon, will I actually have it in 2 days (with Prime shipping)?
When I go to check out the shipping says it will take 17-28 business days...where are these coming from? I need them for December 7th.
How can I know that these are not fake?
what ex cards does it give?
Sorry for asking again, but there are many contradictory answers. Is it the regular sized card and can be used for playing tournaments
is it just one card
Ist it the oversized card or the regular one that can be used with a real deck?
i have ordered it and want to know more about it before i goof up, and what tricks or tips you may have?
Top propellers do not spin...any suggestions???
what if you were to add an extra battery in front,would that make it sturdier?
What is the final weight of the package?
Do It Have A Camera?
I just purchased a new 53" Extra Large GT QS8006 flew it one time and battery will not charge. Can you help me without sending the helicopter back?
does it need batteries
wait you have to build it?
i would love to know as much as possible about this craft because i really like it ?
how long is the battery life?
how many cards come with it
Is this just one card?
is this a jumbo or regular sized card? thanks
are these the large cards?
What comes with the set?
Any specific suggestions for the types of furniture that we should purchase with this home?
Hello: Please tell me which animal family comes with this set. Is it the MIlky Mouse family? Thanks.
The stairs attachment and lighting -- have they been improved in recent months?
What is included in the bonus gift set?
Have you improved your product after reading the reviews? E.g. stairs attachment and lighting
I have a iPhone 5. so Does it work without WiFi circumstance?
how fast does this rover go?
So, if I was in Texas and the robot was in North Carolina, could I still operate it?
will it work with a kindle?
Does it work with a Samsung Smartphone?
How much noise does it make?
does the tank have to bee on the same wifif net work as the phone
Does this work with ipod 2g? please reply-thank you
Are you able to reposition the camera? If so, is it moved manually or via the remote?
can you see what the rover is seeing while driving
the controllers come with the battery and charging cable? and come in black color? they are new?
Does this come with receiver and will it work on a pc?
Does the wired version have a transforming d-pad?
Does this controller have vibration/rumble feature?
I already have a wireless dongle for PC. Will this particular controller work for that, or do I have to buy ANOTHER PC version with dongle?
Is this controller actually from microsoft or is it a fake?
Can anyone recommend any FUN Xbox 360 games where controller is used for a 8 y.o. child? Thank you
can you get the charge and play in different colors?
Can regular alkaline batteries be used with this controller?
How long is the charging cord?
How do you switch frequencies? It only shows choice A on the helicopter.
6.6 pounds? What are the dimensions of the product?
The remote control and Helicopter don't seem to be connecting. Any ideas? It charged until it was solid green.
Does this helicopter charge from a regular outlet? I want to give it as a gift to someone living in NZ and the electricity there is 220
How does this store my media discs? It's categorized under: #43 in Automotive &gt; Interior Accessories &gt; Consoles &amp; Organizers &gt; Disc Storage Wallets
What is the flight time?
can this fly outside
Is the statue Kotobukiya or a Crazy Toy knock off?
Why is this one more expensive?
Does the statue come in it's original packaging?
Does the Statue come with the magnetic base to stand on or do you have to buy it separately?
Is this OK as a starter set for home? My son plays with the full 120-piece set at school and wants one at home.
my grandson already has magna-tiles clear 100 piece set ( loves it of course ) - is the 48 piece DX set different shapes or simply 48 more pieces ?
what is the appropriate age for this product?
How durable are these? Can they break where the magnets fall out? I worry about our baby swallowing magnets. Thanks!
Are they interchangeable with Picasso tiles?
How tall is the doll? 16" or 20" ?
Can you adjust the volume on the My First Disney Princess Magical Wand Cinderella?
What kind of batteries and how many does it need. It does not say anything on the box. Thanks.
For gift giving and the doll only says two phrases while in the package. Is there a switch that enables her to say more phraes?
Does it have a sd slot to expand memory?
Can the Lexibook junior tablet be set in Spanish?
is it worth it for a 5 yrs old
does it have wi fi?
is it plastic
HOW LONG AND HIGH IN INCHES?
How heavy the truck is?
Do I need to buy glue seperately?
are the instructions in english
Is is plastic or balsa
Is it already medal and put together
is it made of metal or plastic?
which scale the model is, is it 1/35 or 1/48 because i saw both?
does it fly
wing span ??????
scale size in inches ?
can it fiy
Does this model have any type of stand included
can you save your game
Does this come with any of the PGA golf games?
Does it play Sega MegaDrive carts?
What genesis cartridge games will not work on this?
can you save games that are part of the 80 original
Is this dual voltage?
Does it come with street fighter and toe jam and earl
Can I use regular Genesis wired controllers with this system?
does any one know how this is compared to the hyperkin retcron 3? excluding the part of retcron 3 being compatible with nes and snes games
Does it have Castlevania Bloodlines on it!
Does this come with transmitter radio?
Can it be used outside like in backyard? We had a similar RC helicoptor which worked indoors only.
Is it normal for the tank to leak?
how do you put water in it?
Can this be played ourdoor and the shipping weight 15 pounds?!
what ages??
How long does battery last?
How long does this item run after charge?
How many cards total fit in this binder?
Can I add more sheets?
can this hold mtg cards?
Do cards in sleeves fit?
What is the maximum height for sleeves to fit this binder? Mine (FF) are about 0.12" / 3 mm taller than the ones by UltraPro.
does it hold baseball cards?
Does it hold 18 cards per page or 8?
Are there sleeves inside or would i have to buy them separately
HOW MUCH CARDS CAN IT FIT
Is it good for yugioh cards
what are the dimensions of it?
Are the pages white?
Does the smaller construction truck come with the carrier as pictured?
What age?
Can regular Little People Wheelies fit into the big truck bed? We got a lot of regular little people wheelies.
I would like to order this paper and already have a wooden dispenser. What is the width of this paper?
I have the table. Does this mount to it?
Did anyone else have trouble feeding the paper through, under the "wood tear strip"? It keeps catching on the triangular pieces on both sides.
Can I hang it on the wall? Does it come with holes for screws?
Can this be mounted to a wall?
Is there a full roll of paper on this dispenser or should I order an extra roll?
what are the full dimensions of this map?
How much does it weight? How does it come? In a box?
Also, are they made of velcro? So the kids may take them off?
Are the countries present? Or only the ones that are listed in the picture.
what is the size of it? it looks big.
Is it internet accesible?
I want to buy this for my 4 year old grand daughter for Christmas. What is the size of the screen? thanks
is it good for 11 year olds
hi, I need to know if the computer is only in english or it has some other languages, I m interested in spanish
is this battery operated
is it a boy or girl?
I liked this doll due to it's expression, however am very confused over the boy/girl issue. Most say it's a boy, but some still say girl. I am looking for a boy, clothes can be changed, but worried over some comments. Does anyone know of a La Newborn...
I am interested in purchasing this doll but want to confirm it really is a boy. Can you please confirm this for me? Thanks!
Is the doll weighted, and are the arms and legs posable (ie can be moved to make baby look like he's napping with face in hand, etc)
Is the boy doll anatomically correct
Can this doll go into water to be 'bathed'?
How much does it weigh?
What size real baby clothes will it fit (preemie, newborn, etc)?
has the doll hair?
how much does he weigh?
Is she fully vinyl or part cloth?
Does the the baby girl have hair? If not, does the head look realistic without hair.
the descriptios do not match. the title says "real girl" the descriptio says 'real boy" does anyone know what gender this is?
Does her "pee pee " look authentic--or just a dent with no realistic detail? Importantto know for the work I do
What kind of pacifier's do you use for it?? I want to get some that will fit in her mouth and not fall out.
does she have a cord stump(like a real newborn)?
does he have hair ?
Is she weighted and feel like a real baby or just soft vinyl ??
Is she a viened reborn?
Can the arms and legs move? I have an etsy shop and would like to use this doll to display my clothes and hats. I would like to be able to change the doll's position though, turn the head and adjust the arms and legs differently for each outfit.
How well does the plastic belt move when it is being pushed around?
Is it made with any plastic or is it all metal?
What are the dimensions
what are the measurements of this item?
Product Description: Tonka is tough, all-American and built to last. Product Details: Origin: Imported (China). Which is it?
Exactly how large is this toy?
Could you confirm to me that's in metal and do you accept a shipment to Mexico?
What is the true sex of baby? I've read que buyers Complaints time What took the doll clothes she was a boy.
hair? you can't see her hair? is it sculpted?
what size clothes does she wear?
It doll can sit?
if anyone has the doll with the pink onesie and this one which do your kids prefer the one looking at them or the one in pink that looks to the side
Can you put the doll in the bathtub?
Is this a Japanese version or the american version?
Is this toy?
What are the dementions of each figure?
Cmon, why 1 dollar? Don't get me wrong, its just hard to believe you&acute;re a serious company...
On the box, does it say Rockman ? Or megaman?
can this be used without being hooked up to a computer or tv?
What are CD-G disks, and will it work with any normal music CD?
Does this come with at least one microphone?
Does it come with Karaoke CDs? Where do you buy them?
Where can i get a replacement ac outlet cord? Ours was lost during moving.
What wireless microphone is compatible with this?
Does it record?
Does this only come in pink?
can this machine play mp3s and does it play regular cds or only karaoke cds?
How good are the speakers?
Where can I bu;y; clothes to fit?
can u put a pacifier in her mouth
Can arms and legs be positioned at all for a child to dress and undress it?
Is this doll suitable for the bath?
Are the limbs movable?
Can you give this dolla bath?
Is the doll's 15" measurement with the bent legs or what she would be without bent legs?
please , want to buy THAT doll but read nos buyers who purchased THAT Baby and When undressed was to males. PROCEDE IT? What is the real sex this doll
Can you feed the baby with a real baby bottle?
THIS doll and heavy ? How heavy is More or Less ? her stuff And Soft ?
Hi, do you send to Brazil?
Is she weighted?
Does this doll come with a pacifier? Does it stay in? Or have you found one that does?
Wat does the head look like under the hat? Is there hair?
I am new to RC and have been unable to get the U816 to hover. Trimming only helps a little, it wants to dive forward and left no hover possible.
What does it mean by 6 axis stabilzation? Does it actually have gyros to keep it stable?
Could a child operate this with one hand?
why does one blade constantly spin no matter what?
does this one also comes with the canopy/cover that protect the blades like in the U816A model?
are there any true 6-axis helis in the hundred dollar range
parts? Battery?
This INCLUDES 2 BATTERYS, CHARGER &amp; CONTROLLER?
My u816 lifts off only on one side. Two orange blades lift quadcopter up, two black blades do not produce lift. Any suggestions?
Has anyone else gotten their battery stuck? How did you get it out without damage
Does this elf look like the one pictured or is it the newer edition with the rounder face? I'm trying to replace an elf that we bought last year (sli
would this make a good christmas gift for an 8 year old girl? or is it something to be opened before christmas? and is it for younger kids?
Does the elf go in a box when they ship it to you,and I don't mean the brown cardboard box
Hi there- I see some other have asked as well- which girl elf comes with this? is is the first photo elf or the round face elf?
does it move on its own
does it move on its own
Does the elf have the thinner face with white earrings as pictured or is it the newer elf with the rounder face. I need to find a replacement!
Will it still be the skinnier faced doll? I have ordered 3 (not from you) and each time got the chubbier faced one
Which elf comes with this package? The thinner faced one in the first pic? Or the rounder faced one in all the rest of the pics?
Does it come with the story book and DVDs
Are the tracks single or double sided? Thanks.
do chuggington trains fit under the bridges and so forth?
Do you need a starter set to connect these to? IF so where do yu get the starter set?
dose this work with chuggington tracks
Does this set fit with the Ikea train set??
Is it compatible with melissa and doug wooden train sets?
Has anyone used these with Conductor Carl tracks?
Does this work with Imaginarium train sets?
Will this work with a kidkraft train set? I assume yes as they work with the others you have mentioned as well.
Does this track work with Janod track and trains?
Is it possible to get this sent to Australia, if so how much?
Size of package?
Hi, I'd like to know if you can send this item to Brazil. And how much will costs. Thanks
Do they still make these?
Hi, i am wondering if this bear is an authentic made by TAKARA TOMY official? Thank you!
Is this toy suitable for 6 month old baby?
What is the size of it? I mean how large is it?
Is this toy suitable for 6 month old baby?
Hi, how tall for this cute LINE Character Brown (M) and how much delivery to New Zealand?
My daughter is a very tall 3 year old .( 42in) Is this something she can play with for several years or will outgrow quickly
What tools are required to assemble this? Are you able to use an electric screw driver?
can you ship this one to APO adress???
how wide is the interior of the oven? I am waiting for this to be delivered and want to order some accessories. Thank you!
Does this come in a brown cardboard box or will it arrive with the picture on the outside of the box?
is it electrical sound in burner?
what is it constructed out of?
what are the dimensions
hi, can u ship it to australia? i'll pay for shipping fee if possible how much is shipping fee?
How tall is this item?
how much is steel, and how much is plastic?
ok for 5 year old?
What is the size of front loader? Grandson has truck, will he be able to load dirt into truck?
Are the wheels rubber or plastic on Diggers and Bulldozers
does the scoop pour out the load into a dump truck or just lifts it without piveti
what size is it?
One owner says it's a foot, the other says 20 and ahalf inches. What is the real length?
What are the dimensions of this front loader?
My windcatcher spinner is HUGE, a sun design. What is the weight capacity of this motor? The non motorized hook says when replacing it must hold 5-10
When shipped, should you keep the plastic on the solar panel to protect it, or remove it?
What is the warranty?
can a person vary the speed? is it only 1 speed, 50 rpm?
Would this solar powered spinner work with wind chimes?
I had the unit for four months,and it worked great then suddenly it stopped working. Is the unit now dead, and I have to get another one? Thank you.
Will this work indoors if placed under a fluorescent light fixture?
is there a solar powered model that stores power so it still spins at night?
I have one tank that will not receive damage. When shot by the other tank the lights do not go off one at a time.Is there anything to do to turn that
what are the frequencies of these tanks. Mine are 27mghz and 40 mghz. are thses on a different freq,? What tanks are that I can play 4 people at a ti
how do you charge them. mine only came with 1 charger. so how do you charge both at same time. do i need to buy a charger for the second 1. or did it come in the box and their where suppose to be two chargerss in the box?
what age would like these tanks?
Looking to add to the arsenal. Will these work with the Battle Machines cars and trucks? They also use infrared guns. Thanks!
where do i get extra batterie paks for these tanks i would think nst would sell them since they sell the tanks
What system do these tanks use to get hits and deliver hits?
Can I take down North Korea with this?
Where can I get instructions for these tanks? How do I go in and out of demo mode? How do I operate the turret using the remote?
Can I order extra battery packs
Does it come with the furniture shown in picture?
What doll would you recommend for this doll house?
how large is the box approximatelty that it arrives in :) ?
When it says 27" wide, is that from end to end? Or is it 27" on each end of the corner?
Is this Factory sealed?
are these in english?
if u buy 2 of these boxes are the cards gonna be the same or different?
hey why the increase in price of Yugioh Legendary Collection 3 i was just about to buy it???? 32 to 34
Are the common cards, ultra and super rares, 1st edition? or of unlimited edition?
Does this box set come with the Yugi/Seal of Orichalcos themed deck sleeves?
if you buy 2 boxes will the cards be the same or different?
how many cards does this box have.
Is this a first edition box?
Does this come with exodia
Is this a hard step up from a Syma S107? I have about a year's experience with the S107 and my Lama-5.
is this r/c durable?
is it a hard step up from a blade mcx2
Is there an intermediate step between co-axial helis like the mcx2 and the cpx?
I know this is the RTF version, but can I bind it with a DX6? I'm thinking about getting a DX6 but want to use the DX4e it comes with until then.
I been flying quadcopters for a while now, I want a helicopter. would this be a good transition from quad to helis?
my new RTF Nano CP X will not spool up! batteries are all charged up.. What must i do to start this thing ?
DOES THIS COME WITH THE TRANSMITER ???
does this model have as3x system?
What is the difference between this and the Blade mCP X v2 RTF?
Is she made of soft vinyl?
Is the doll's body jointed?
Do newborn diapers fit her?
What is the head circumference measurement?
what size baby clothes does she wear?
1. Can she use a pacifier? 2. Can she lay flat or can only sit in this position? 3. What size of baby clothes fits her? Thank you very much.
What is her waist measurement?
Do the eyes open and close?
Can you bathe her and is she really a her
is this dolls body hard or soft?
Can you fly more than one at the same time (such as with a friend) without interference?
I just received my Syma X1 quadracopter, and it doesn't work at all!! I charged the LiPo and installed it. The rotors don't even turn.
Hi, Just got mine and love it. Does anyone know if they make an A/C charger for this unit and where to get it? Will it work on both 350ma and 600ma
Exactly what is Mode 1? Mode 2? What is the difference between these modes?
May I know how much is that cost to have one more battery?
I want the syma X1 quadcopter in mode 1, because i pilot only in this mode
How do you know the battery is low
This is just a general question... Why aren't quadcopters programmed so that, if contact is lost with the transmitter, the quad immediately goes into hover-in-place until its batteries run out? That would seem logical to me.
Mine pulls forward and to the right. I let it sit n' blink fast for ten secs then it blinks slow and i flip it down and up but still it pulls???
how do you sync the remote with the copter once it is ready to fly?
Can it hover without any input or must we make constant inputs?
How high does this go? (As in feet)
how do i get to mode 1? i'm now in mode 2
I can not tune the remote. The remote just doesn't do it.Help!
What does the X1 weigh including the controller and batteries? I'm not talking about the ship weight as that includes accessories and manuals.
What is the lifting power? How much weight can it lift?
Can this bind to a dx8?
adjustable gyro sensitivity, how do you adjust?
Is it upgradable?
What is the fly life?
how much is the shipping
Are the cards 1st edition?
beside abyss rising what other type deck will workl well with realm of the sea emperor
how many cards are in the deck
Is it Yu-Gi-Oh GX serios cards?
do these "legos" work with the "lego" brand legos?
would this be suitable for a bright three year old?
Does all furniture come with this set? Thank you.
hello, I wonder how tall barbie house .
is this barbie manson house big enugh for standard size matell brand barbie dolls...dose the house fit my kids regular sized barbie dolls
is this barbie manson house big enugh for standard size matell brand barbie dolls...dose the house fit my kids regular sized barbie dolls
Does it come in pink or purple?
does this product come with the track
Do these fit on the traditional wooden tracks (Thomas/Brio/etc)?
does this train go by itself or do you push it? thanks
does it make a "choo choo" sound?
can you buy extra cars for the extra mini workers ?
does this set come with the 7 edition rule book?
Is there a 7E beginners' set coming soon? I had the Dark Vengeance page on GW's site up recently and refreshed it, and the page had been deleted.
Im new to the game and saw and opening of it on youtube,And I saw no codex inside...Is there something like a codex or do u need to buy seperately?
Instead of Chaos Marines of the Crimson Slaughter could you use them for a nurgle chaos army?
Is this set for two players, or just one? And if it's for two players, is it possible to merge the armies together to make one larger army?
Is this the replacement to the assualt on black reach set?
is this set 7th edition
Whats the cost for delivery to australia?
how does this work? we only have hills in our neighborhood
Will this work on flat surfaces?
Does it come with an extender bar for older children to ride?
Does this have a flame design on the seat? We are returning a black w blue accessories ezyroller today because though the picture does not depict, the seat has a flame pattern on it which my daughter does not like. Want to be sure before we order this...
What makes this model a special edition?
Is this the classic one the bigger one
Should I order the Exz roller jr for my 3 yr old grandson?
I'm giving this toy as a gift and need to know what kind of batteries and how many the toy needs. I want to include batteries with the toy.
I need to know if the gift set is as advertised ? Meaning is the packaging a purple box and does it come w/ all tools and doll as advertised. I have had bad experiences trying to get the right dr bag .
Does this set come with an otoscope? It's hard to tell in the picture
I read reviews that the doc bag does open. then some say it doesn't open. once and for all, does it open or not?
Does the doll talk?
Does the doctor bag open to put the things inside of it?
How tall is the Doc Mcstuffins doll?
What kind of batteries and how many does this need? The box doesn't say.
Does the "sound" on the truck include an actual siren, or just honking and radio calls like some other trucks?
How long and tall is the firetruck?
Can the doors open for the guys
Can you take out the fire hose? Or is it stationary??
How do you replace the batteries ??
Does it come with a storage case like the ones the ones with less pieces come with?
Does it shoot real portals
Is it bad to stick your head at the operational end of the device
I live in Ribeir&atilde;o Preto (Brazil). Roughly how long do you think shipping would take, and how much for the express?
Can you wear it? Like can I stick my hand in it like Chell and run around my neighborhood making people uncomfortable?
How do the Pieces Clip On?
is there any way to purchase a portal gun stand to put my son's portal prop replica on?
Do these restock? I'm asking because they are limited edition.
how much do the shipping to germany cost?
I live in Sydney (Australia). Roughly how long do you think shipping would take, and how much for the express?
so the portal gun does light up and make sound
What does "Fun Size" mean? Are the domino's smaller then regular domino's?
does game include racks for dominos?
how many people do you need to play
how heavy is it
What is the average youngest age child that could play this game?
which size is the largest that has numbers?
Does everything fit in little black bag?
Does this one come with the score pad?
What does set weigh?
Are the train 'markers' plastic ? The picture shows underlined yellow '6's and blue '9's. Is the picture a true likeness of the product ?
This shows it has a foot board in the picture but the anniversary one doesn't show a foot board do you know if they both have a foot board?
Is this pink or purple?
Does this work well on grass?
Does it has musical play?
At what height does a child outgrow this toy? My 3-yr old is 41" tall and I'm wondering if she's already outgrown it.
does the cozy coupe trailer attatch to the princess cozy coupe
Is there anyway that i can buy the parts? i only used this 2 times outside. all of sudden one wheel's gone.
does this model have a horn like the 30th anniv model?
What age is appropriate for this car?
At what size/age/weight do toddlers outgrow this? I'm considering it for my twin girls (just over 2 y/o and they weigh about 28-30 lbs) thanks
age group
I heard they made a new version of the race car that actually rolls. Is this the new version?
are there any for age 4 ?
Is it too advanced for a 4 year old
Does this one move on the track by itself? Or do you have to move it yourself.
Will this car interact with any Smart Wheels track? I have the Train Station and looking for additional cars for it.
Can you use these cars without the tracks? And if so, do they still sing or speak Letters?
Which Go-Go Smart Wheels move on their own?
how fast do it go
How long does the battery last?
How long is this boat and what is the remote range?
What is the length of the boat?
does the button change vocies
does it just say no?
i want the NO button that has the 10 variations....one reviewer said his/hers did not.....is there a place where i can hear it online?
Is it round or does it have 8 sides?
I need one that is round with the notches and exclamation point. NoT with the squared sides. The pictures dont specifiy which it is...
Hi I am from Venezuela , please can you answer me the following questions? : what are the dimensions of the package for shipping and weight
IS the stroller a good size for a tall 6 year old?
Is this product good for 18" doll?
Is it Plastic?
Are these cards actually printed on Hemp paper? What is the "quality stock" made from? Thanks!
Does this deck have identical jokers?
Can I smoke the cards?
will this topper fit on a 9 1/2 x 11 cake that i would make myself?
How long can it keep?
How can I personalize during checkout if there's no option for gift messages???
Hi! I loved Monster High Cake Edible Icing Image for my daughter, now I want to book for a boy with his picture, is it possible? And how long can I ke
can you please personalize my daughters cake? Happy 8th Birthday Sundei
can the writing come in a different color? the writing in the picture blends in with he background, id like to be sure it stands out.
Can the edible icing be applied to an icecream cake?
I want my cake to say Happy Birthday Sarahon the monster high edible icing
what are the ingredients in the edible icing?
hello! I wanted to ask you, to make an inscription in Russian? Thank you!
body all vinyl?
Is this doll scented?
Do her eyes close?
What is the size of this doll? 12"? 14"?
IS THIS DOLL WATERPROOF
Will the oven fit the Melissa &amp; Doug cookie baking set? Or the Melissa &amp; Doug pizza set?
Do Melissa and Doug play sets fit in the oven?
dimensions
What is the counter height?
How does this come packaged? Is there a picture of the kitchen on the box and how big is the box?
Did not come with assembly instructions. Are they posted anywhere?
Are the frig, microwave and over doors plastic or metal? Are the handles on frig, microwave and oven plastic or metal?
Are the microwave and stove panels stickers? Or is it painted on the wood?
Does this kitchen have any lights or make sounds?
Can you tell me what the dimensions are of the box it comes in (prior to assemby)? Thanks.
Can you put this doll in water?
Does this doll is anatomically correct?
excuse me. well i do not understand. includes doll baby?
Does the legs stay permanently bent?
Can the bottle and soother fit in the mouth?
Do the arms and legs move? Also, can it really go in the bathtub?
Is there any way water can get inside the doll.
Is it possible to dress the doll in pants outfits or rompers? my little one likes to dress her babies.
can you put things in the bottle and feed the baby?
Can this doll sit up in a high hair? Or stroller?
does he have full vinyl legs and arms?
Does Emilio doll stay fixed in a pose, or do his arms relax?
Does he have hair or is it just painted on
Are his limbs (arms and legs) all vinyl?
Does he have a cloth body? Is the vinyl soft?
Is this an appropriate gift for a seven year old?
Where are the pockets
Are Stuffies machine washable?
what is a good age range for this toy?
what is the size
What's the appropriate age for this?
Can I put it in the washing machine (gentle cycle)? Something spilled on it and it needs more than just spot-cleaning. Thanks!
does it come with a matching storybook
matching storybook
Would this be a good toy for a 6 year old girl?
Is it a use ready item or does it need assembly and other parts
how long does it takes to charge?
Is this buggy the full kit with everything? Radio all of it... Also does it come as a build kit or put together
will a mamba monster fit in this
does it have a brushed or brushless motor
how fast does it go stock?
Is this the new style Exo that has the Castle Brushless system in it?
What is the best battery to make it go fast for under 100&#x1F4B2;
Could this work as a valentines gift for my girlfriend? Maybe to hold all of the little gifts and jewelry i got for her over the years?
what age is appropriate?
how big is it?
what is the size of this tummy stuffer? I want the bigger one.
When stuffed, o the toys provide the actual stuffing? For example, if my son filled his with Legos, would it then be horribly uncomfortable?
How does the open hole on the top of the body stay closed? I can't see that there is a zipper there. Is it just a gaping hole all the time?
Stuffies Prancine the Unicorn /is this the small one as shown on TV or is this the giant one? Looking for giant Tummy Stuffer
would you get a mini or full size Stuffie for a 3 1/2 year old?
best age?
which Stuffie is the one they say has magic????
Does this come with the free heart
how big is it
What age group would like this?
Does this come with the heart as advertised on the official site? Same price but I'd feel more comfortable with amazons fast shipping
what is the free surprize?
Will it hold a 10 inch tablet?
Are Stuffies machine washable?
How big is this?
what is the age group?
Would this be ok for an 11-yr old girl?
what is the secreat iteam
How long do we bake the bowls after 24 hours of drying time? (I lost the instructions. )
Can the bowls be used for food after painting?
I lost the instructions for my bowls, but I have painted them all. It has been over 24 hours since then. Can I still bake them, or will it ruin them?
Ours did not come with instructions. I called but was told I would have to wait 72 hrs for the instructions. Do we paint, dry for 24 hours and bake?
the Mindware website states they are food safe, are they?
When the pieces get baked, does it cause a smell in the kitchen?
what age is best?
is the Q-BA-Maze 2.0 mega stunt set compatible with the other Q-BA-Maze 2.0 sets?
Is this set enough to be used on its own, or should I purchase a big box of cubes to go with it?
Does this work with the MindWare Q-Ba-Maze Warm Colors set?
is this Q-BA-Maze mega stunt set compatible with the original Q BA Maze set (not the 2.0 version)?
Is this contains workbooks??
Is this contains workbooks??
How many colors do you need? Will a standard box of 12 colored pencils work?
What would be the best medium to color this with? Crayons or colored pencils? ( for a 6 year old)
How many pages are there?
what is mystery mosaics?
what do you do
is it appropriate for a 7 year old boy
what age group
What ages is it good for?
what other shopping website can you buy duct tape for duct tape wallets?
Is there plenty of tape with this kit or would extra be helpful?
Does it come with magnets
what age group would you suggest
Is the house large enough to comfortably fit barbie dolls?
what are the dimensions?
How difficult is this house to move it from room to room (and maybe down stairs)? Its a surprise and we will need to hide it after assembly. Thanks.
How tall is the first level? (I'd like to add more kitchen appliances.)
Please, what the exactly box size? All Funko Pop boxes has the same size? I have to know it cause I'll have some shipping needs later. Thanks!
Hi! How much is the shipping to Brazil?!
May I know if the dragon is red or green / red ? Thanks
are these bobble heads?
Do you ship to NZ?
does the figure of Khal Drogo have his long braid?
Does this doll come in the long pink box or the newer open plastic front? Thank you.
When I asked this question before, I got 2 different answers. Can someone tell me if this doll has 1/4 or 3/4 vinyl limbs or are there 2 versions?
Are her arms and legs 3/4 vinyl or only vinyl just below the elbow and below the knee? Thank you.
How long the vinyl sleeve or arm and leg ?
what is size?
How long did it take to set up, and to take down?
Would a papasan chair cushion fit inside of this?
How tall is interior? what are dimensions?
I assembled it with no problem. I unassembled it but how do you fold it up so it fits back in the bag?
I need to pack this castle tent into my suitcase to Mexico. What is the packed size, with and without packing box (to save space.)? t
is there a switch on the controller to switch the frequency because im palnning to buy 2 and dont want 1 controller controlling both cars.
Are battery an charger included?
How long is the charge
are you sure it speed is 12?
can you change the tiers
can i modify the headlights to add led lights
does it have lights
How many batteries does the controller take
can i use other1/10 bodies on this chassis,like hpi or proline
What type of batteries do these cars use and where can I get replacements?
I have 6 grandchildren. Can 6 air swimmesr be flown at once or will the remotes conflict
What is the actual length of the angry bird. It looks quite large in the photos
We've assembled the angry bird, filled with helium... motor not working. Anyone have a quick fix suggestion?
How much helium would it take to fill this? We are considering getting a Balloon Time Tank if it would be cheaper than filling it at the store.
How long will it last
age for this toy ?
pod only goes down not up. help
pod only goes down not up. help
pod only goes down not up. help
where can you buy spare parts for this toy?
is there a trick to getting it glow in the dark? or how to get it to change colors?
how big is it?
How do I get it to be less stiffer? I tried putting it in the sun but it doesn't help.
is it magenetic?
What color does it glow?
is it magnetic???
What is the remote control range on this model?
Is there any difference between this one and the new ones?
The package did not come with a manual, are their instructions online so I can put together?
Is this version offered the version 1 Attacknid "drone" or the newer version 2 Doom Razor, like the ones listed on their website?
Is it controlled by a iPhone
Does it need an app to play it
does it have a controller
Does the Attacknid 1st generation have the LED"number of Lives" lights indicator on its head, similar to the 2nd generation ?
Hi, i am from Malaysia. Does you do international shipment for this model? if yes, how much the cost? Thanks
one in a box ? How play if only one?
Will I be able to plug this into a speaker system for gigs? I am confused between the Audio input line...
Does this keyboard come with other tones such as organ or harpsichord?
What are the specifications for the Yamaha P Series P35B 88-key Digital Piano (e.g., weight, length, width)? Thanks.
Can you record? Is there an on-board record/playback [playalong] capability?
Is there's music stand included?
Midi in out ?
Can the piano connect to a computer for recording, composing, etc?
Could you recommend me a sturdy stand? I have a toddler child at home.
Can you attach the 3 pedals? If so which do you purchase?
Does this feature a weighted keyboard?
Does it shoot?
how long is it
how long (actual length)when its removed from the box.
Does it work
how long is the playing time and how.long is the charging time and what kind of battery it uses
how fast can it go
how long does it record
Once the message is recorded can it be easily changed?
How tall is it in inches?
can I make a message permanent - how?
how long can you record?
Can't figure out from the picture if this is one or two bears?Also is recording device included?
is this helicopter durable
How do you charge the helicopter
What type of distance can the remote control be away from the helipcopter?
How much water does it hold?
what does the accelerator button do? its the button on right front of controller does not change any function
Do you have this heli in white? Only interested in white model.
We lost the charger for this unit. What size charger does this use?
Does the water ever leak, or get into the motor (does the water ruin the helicopter) ?
Is it built in 3.5ch? really? I saw same model which is 3ch in HELIPAL.COM. What is diffrence?
I've charged my helicopter, but how do I get it to start?
how many batery
how far does the shooter shoot?
I want to know if there is a part kit I can buy for this ...really like to get one.
Has anyone noticed the handles wiggle up and down? Or feel loose? I am trying to decide if this is how they are or if I have a deffective stroller.
Does it have straps for the doll? Thanks! :)
IS IT SUITABLE FOR NEW BORN BABIES?
What type of fabric is this made from? Plastic, cloth, canvas or ???
Would my 2 year old be too short to push it? she is 32"
Will a 20" Adora doll fit in this Mommy &amp; Me Deluxe Babyboo Doll Stroller?
does this stroller fold for space saving?
Does this stroller fold flat for storage?
Is the rubber on the wheels non marking?
Do the wheels on the front lock to face forward?
do you really recomend this car?
What is the speed at which these cars travel?
How do you change the tires on the car ?
Does this have a rechareable battery pack?
does it drift well
Instructions on how to apply???
How many days it will take to deliver with in USA?
When you order, what exactly do you get?
Does the entrance tie together so they can close it up or is it always open?
Does it have any "windows" for ventilation?
does the 7' height include the length of the poles or is the total height including the poles taller than 7'?
can you leave it up outside for the summer?
does this teepee come with paint to decorate it
Can two sleeping bags fit in this?
Hi, I would like to buy this in Red. Do you have in this colour? Do you ship to Europe? Or do you have any representative in Europe?
is there any kind of warranty with this product?
Are the buddy bounce play balls for adults too or are they just for kids?
we are looking to use these for field day at school. Are they easily to get in and out of in a hurry
What are the dimensions of the ball?
What is a good repair option for small holes?
Does this come with one or two balls? Is this good for 5 year old boys?
What is the best to use to inflate the product?
How easily/quickly do these to blow up and what type of pump is used to blow them up?
hi do you have biger one for adult?
how do you replace parts like the tracks?
Where is it made?
does it fall off the track
does it run by batteries
is this train electric?
What is the age group for this computer?
What is the guarantee on this gift? What happens if the sound quits working?
Is this computer rechargeable???
Was wondering if this is an age appropriate toy for a year old?
can this product work outside the USA, what if the voice disapear within a short time from a long distance
is also use for children of 5 years old???
how can I get an adaptor? it there a product number or something to order one? this laptop is going to be a gift and is scheduled to arrive tomorrow,
Is this work on AA batteries?
Can you buy an AC adapter for it?
can we watch movies and can we listen to the music on the lap top? Also, can we attached usp ? and save video files on it? does it play Mp3 and video?
price says 'bucket' are there snowballs too?
Is this listing for JUST the snowballs? I have a bucket but want to purchase extra snowballs. Thank you.
Does the price reflects one bucket
What exactly are you buying? the buckets (2) or the snowballs (12)?
how long in the stick
Do they have any stick
What flavor are these?
how many come in the package?
How big are these?
Will this bind to my Blade Cx2 TX just as my Blade 120SR does?
hi, i have some problems. Don't you ship in Italy?
Does this come with the controller?
Will this bind to a Tactic TTX610?
can you make it do flips with the dx5e
Does this come with 2 batteries ?
Is BIrthday wishes barbie doll a 2013 Birthday Wishes Barbie Doll
can the drress be removed?
Does the box or papers say 2013? I want a Barbie from 2013 for my granddaughter. Thank you
is this dolls arms bendable or does it stay in this position?
what is the lowest price you can get?
Are those princess dolls the proper size for the castle? They look way too big. Are there smaller figures that are supposed to compliment it?
i have to ask..."...features [...] and a magical bathroom"..... "magical bathroom"? Does it have an automatic flushing toilet?
What size is it?
can enter this castle barbie real size?
What size princess dolls go in it?
What is the length/height of this doll?
how many inches long is this doll?
HOW tall is it ?
Do these have moveable arms and legs? Can they sit down? Thank you.
How tall are each doll?
What 4 princesses come in this pack?
Will other cars fit in &amp; work in this, such as matchbox size or is it strictly this brand only?
I don't know which cars are 1:55. Does it fit the diecast ones you find at WalMart and Target, the ones that a little bigger than a matchbox car?
What is it made of? Is it die cast?
Does the transporter detach so you can have only the front part of the truck?
I don't see any photos of it collapsed. Can it carry cars when it's collapsed?
can you use hot wheels with Mac?
how many Barbie dolls can fit in this pool?
Does the pool actually hold water?
How big is the pool, How many Barbies can fit in it?
Whats are the dimensions of is item?
are the 2 dolls included ?
WHY is it PINK!? My grandson keeps a journal and would love to have this - this is such a stereotype color!
how long does it work?
How old do you have to be to get a password jurnul8
How do you reset the password? My granddaughter has the instructions locked inside. Button not inside where batteries are. please advise. thank yo
What is the difference between Password 8 and Password Journal?
does password work
What is the difference between Password Journal and Password Journal 8?
what size batteries does the Password journal 8 take
What is the age for this?
how do you make up a password?
what size batteries does it take???
placed new batteries in and does not work. Any special order to start the toy?
Is this product sturdy or will it break after a few uses?
does this connect with other hot wheels tracks?
i need to know the box size, because its a gift and i need to send it out of THE STATES, please let me know
few pounds weighs
Recommended age group
Does this set include the police station?
What is the age on this toy
The embellishments on the car are they stickers? If so they do they come already adhered or do I have the option of what stickers I want to put on?
does this car have an adjustable seat for the little ones
how long does the battery last?
Does this require batteries and if so what type?
can you use it outdoors
In need of a USB recharge cord to 977S helicopter otherwise helicopter is great fun
How hi can it fly
is the helicopter body metal or is it plastic
does it have a live camera?
1st time it was flying ok, now 2 days later when I start it goes spinning, remote adjustment no help and on full throttle it chocks. any solution?
MY helicopter keeps spinning in a circle counterclockwise and it wont take off what do i do?
On the front product picture on the search page, it shows the helicopter + additional accessories, so when I buy it, it will include the additional accessories as shown?
how big is it??
Is the transmitter Mode 2 (speed and turn left- right) on the left stick (direction) on the rightstick
Is this truley a ready to fly package? I so not see any mention of a charger etc. Thanks.
What if I didn't get the Li-polymer battery?
Is this actually a "v949" i read a review that said they received one without leds and whatnot. Worried its a 929 posing as a 949 . Making sure thanks
Does the car have a working horn?
i bought the light blue vw beetle-no battery or charger.need to know which battery i need to buy plus chgrwould it possibly be the blue battery?thanks
Are all of the decals removable? I don't want the Barbie decals on the car and I'm hoping I can leave them off.
can one buy an extra battery and charger
what are the wheels made out of?
Can you buy just the decals for the Beetle/ours is faded/peeled
what is the age appropriate for this toy?
the steering rod is very difficultt to fix. After a great difficulty we could fix it but it doesn't steer. Now it came off. Does the steering work?
the steering is very difficlut to fix. After a great difficulty we could fix it in to the underlying rod but it doesnt steer. Now it came off.
Does it come with a parent remote
can anyone tell me how many babies are in this set? There are two pictured, but the description only says baby.
I already wrapped this for Christmas. Can anyone tell me if it needs batteries or are they already in place?
Can anyone tell me if I can replace a battery and were it might be? There's no sounds coming from the one I have.
Does this house come with a bathroom set?
Height and width open and do you have to assemble it?
Can a bathtub fit in the bathroom?
Just purchased this for Christmas present...can anyone suggest what additional furniture or accessories I might need to buy?
what exactly this set includes
what this set includes?
does the house need to be built or does it come ready to use?
Does this run on carpet?
How long do the batteries last?
Is this a wireless remote
I know the desription lists this as a 1/12 scale, but approx. how big is this car in inches?
Does it have a rechargeable battery and if yes what size?
whats the MhZ frequency? I want to race it.
whats the MhZ frequency? I want to race it.
what are the dimensions of car,,, wondering if a Barbie doll will fit inside it
what age group is this for?
Do the doors open and is it available in other colors?
Are the hilts plastic or metal?
What are the length of the blades?
does this on come with the stand like other models
can you remove the blade
So, it glows red? How bright and saturated is the color? Also is it durable enough for hardcore practice of the classic seven forms and sparing?
Is the Darth Maul lightsaber the only lightsaber that can become double bladed? With the adapter can other color lightsabers become double bladed?
When connected together, will the sabers jiggle when it is swung around
Does it have red light? Which is the length?
Are the blades removable?
is it bilingual or just spanish?
He accepts language, software and games in Spanish
it is ready to use? I mean, the last sentences of Product Description make me think if I have to buy additional cards.
its in spanish? are games in spanish?
Is the box in English?
Is the box in English?
I can the product height in centimeters?
will they float if land in water?
Does it come with engines?
what type of engines do i need to launch these?
What to I have buy, other than engine, to use these?
does this come with pillows?
What are dimensions of finished product?
does it come apart
Are the bottoms of these beds cardboard or wooden?
There is no list of the games in the product details. Can you list them please?
Does it have gauntlet?
Would this be over kill for games such as this? Qanba Q4 Q4RAF Ice Blue PS3 &amp; Xbox 360 &amp; PC Joystick (Fightstick)
Does this include the Arcade version of Smash TV? Not the rated G SNES version right?
Can this be played on the ps4?
No Galaga!! Know where I can get it?
There is no list of games in the product details. Can I get a list of the games included?
Does it have Galaga?
Does it have root beer tapper
Can Cyberball be played online?
How do you think this kit would hold up in a middle school classroom setting? Wear and tear?
does this camera work with mac computer
I see that it has a cord. Does the camera need to be plugged into the computer while filming?
Does this work with Windows 8?
How long can the movies that you make be? I wanna buy but if I can't film a movie that's 2 hours then I won't buy it.
Can you record your voice and other sound effects?
Can you post the videos that you make on Youtube
Can this camera be used with Dragonframe software for more advanced editing?
Can you set this up to capture at time intervals or do you have to manually snap the pictures?
Does this have green screen capabilities?
Are additional battery pack available for this model?
How long will the battery last on one charge?
what is the warranty on this product?
What speed does this truck get to?
Can I use my airbed pump to blow up this pool or do I need a special pool pump?
Does it say anywhere on the box that it's phthalate-free?
I know it states it has a drain plug ,just wondering if the darin plug is for empting air or the water?
how is it 10 feet long, per the title? it says 103", thats 8.5 feet?
does this have a bouncy bottom?
does this come with a repair kit?
This product says it's the Skymaster RC UFO Flying ball, but the pictures are from the ROBOTIC UFO RC Helicopter. Are these the same core product?
It does not lift off after several very successful flights. Why?
Where can I get spare parts - there is no e-mail or address in the Instructions or on the box?
Does this work with the Mindwave Mobile headset?
Can a gift card fit inside?
Is this durable for repeated use by many people? i.e. well made?
Does solution come with it?
can it hold a gift card?
Is this shipped as Mode 1 or Mode 2?
does this radio have alivon mixing?
would i be able to use this in a rc car? and program the diffrint aspects of what i need it to do?
Why is the receiver only 8 channels for the 9 channel transmitter?
Is this TH9X compatible with the new pixhawk flight controller or does it require the DJI PPM adapter board?
Does this bind with WL922?
Does this come with a rechargeable battery and charger, or does it take AA batteries? It's not clear whether it comes with battery or not.
is it with telemetry???
v.2 Firmware?
Is there any way to increase RF power for FPV flights, changing RF module for other stronger, or adding a booster or something like this????
Is this easy to fit in the trunk of your car for on the go?
Description says 17" high, but that couldn't include the canopy,, anyone know height with canopy? Thanks.
what is the weight capacity?
does it have seat beats?
Can my pet pig lay in here or is it not flat inside?
Is there a door? If not, is it hard to get kids in/out?
What is the "storage" noted in this description: "Wagon includes a removable canopy and built-in cup holders and storage"?
is there storage under the seats?
Are the tires plastic or rubber?
DO YOU SELL JUST THE SHADE PROTECTOR?
What gauge metal is the set made from?
Where can I find trampoline replacement for this model?
Is the trampoline a separate piece so that you can set it anywhere in the yard, so that it does not necessarily have to be attached to the swing set?
Have you read the comments and made necessary changes?
what are the dimensions on the trampoline?
Does it come brand new in the box undamaged?
I want to buy this as a gift does this come in the box undamaged as if it just came from the store?
Will this drive on carpet?
where can i find a replacement remote? the antenna on ours snapped off
Can you buy a new controller and price. The wheel got turned to far. He is 5 and devasted.
Can you buy just the controller
Can someone please tell me how many batteries &amp; what sizes this little workshop requires? Thanks in advance!
Toys R Us says this is only 2 feet tall, is that true??
Please share the assembled dimensions. Thanks.
What are the dimensions of the box?
Is this a "pretend play toy" or the real thing? My daughter is 6 and she wants to do real wood work
can you drive it on carpet?
do the headlights blink when you turn the car?
is it recharable ?
Can it turn sharp corners and does it drift?
How Big is this Item?
It uses batteries or is rechargeable?
how fast is it?
If I purchased this for my three grandsons can they ALL play with the toy at the same time- meaning is there different frequencies- for each car?
What is the frequency of the car?
does it make sound?
WIll a 6 year old be able to assemle the Thrill Rides? Some people say a 5 or 6 year old can do it, but the manufacturer says for ages 9 and up.
age appropriate 11'13'17 all three boys
For 7 year old daughter would you get this or the Crossfire? She can build with help of 11 year old boy cousin on Christmas
Are cars included with th eknex roller coaster sets
Is this the micro sized K'nex pieces or the more standard size as found in the the starter building kits?
k'nex phoenix fury coaster.
What is the radio frequency on this truck? Does it have dual so you can buy two? Thanks
Are these trucks capable of running simultaneously without interference? Thinking of buying two for my twins. Thanks
How long does the battery last before needing a recharge?
Does this cup set come with the paintbrushes pictured?
How much paint do they hold? I want to make sure I buy enough paint.
How big are they?
Are the lids airtight so leftover paint can reused? After watching a video review of a diff. brand, the lids came easily causing paint to dry out.
Are the containers dishwasher safe?
do all the containers have their own color lids
what is the diameter of the cups?
WHAT IS THE CONTENTS
is it real glue hamer nails and mood.
Can the pieces be re-used for building something else other than the 3 projects?
Would this be good for a 10 y.o. boy? Are instructions included? If so, for how many projects?
How many of the projects can be built with the wood pieces provided?
I've read in other reviews that the tent poles are too long, too rigid, and snap easily. Is this true?
can you ship it one day us. I need by Friday the 13
Are you seriously selling the same thing for over 40 bucks that Target has for 16.99???
how many dolls can fit?
Does this tent fit 2 dolls like the AG tent?
is this new in box?
does it have a good working scope?
is it as good as nerf elite
what is the reticle for the scope and the magnification also the capacity of the bullets
Will this work with Nerf N-Strike Elite darts?
How far does it go
do any nerf darts fit in it?
That isn't one of those rubber chickens with a pulley in the middle is it?
I would like to know: Is this is a firm plastic or a stretchy rubber?
Is this chicken flexible enough that it can be folded up and put in a pocket of a trench coat? It's a prop for a play.
Please help! I just don't get it. A rubber chicken is a rubber chicken. How does it qualify as an April Fool's gag?
how long is this chicken(length)?
What is the size??
Looking for a rubber chicken that wouldn't hurt someone if thrown on stage. Thoughts? Can this take some abuse?
what length is it ?
Does this chicken squawk or squeak at all??
What are the measurements of this engine?
Are Thomas, James and the other locos battery-powered or hand-pushed?
Where was it made?
Is this compatible with other types of tracks? We have KidKraft tracks. Thank you!
Is this fisher price thomas compatible with brio tracks
Would this fit on the Trackmaster tracks?
Are these safe for children under 3 years?
Does this Engine fit on the Brio track?
Let me know the width of this train series (rail) please. Most of trains have 1-inch width but some smaller trains have 2-cm width.
How big is it?
Would it be fine if i order this now?im planning to use this for my sons bday which is on the 20 of Feb,i want to order this now to make sure it will
what size is this?
Can I put this on a cookie cake?
I just purchased this topper. How do I get it personalized? There was no prompt at check out asking what I wanted on the topper.
If I ordered today and get expedited shipping would this be here by Saturday?
The description says "Personalized" can you really get it personalized with a name?
will this topper last for up to 3 months? Birthday isn't until May 24th.
hello this have gluten?
How do I get this personalized?
RE: Skylanders cake topper..How long will the topper remain fresh? What size cake does it fit?
will this run on the wooden tracks
Where is it made?
I'm looking for a train to go around my small Christmas tree, so how big is the train?
How do I switch the train on? Know its a dumb question but couldn't find a button and kids lost the instructions
what size batteries does it use?
how tall is the train itself?
do you have to push it or does is drive by itself?
How many do you get for the 10.20 price and what colors?
So how man come in a unit?
How many come in an order for $7.95? Is it one lip gloss or an assortment?
does the coupe trailer attach to this?
does it come with the removable floor cover?
I do not really see the push handle. is it easy for a parent to push this?
When shipped from Amazon, are there pictures on the box or is what's inside the box hidden?
Is there any way to adjust the wheels, when I put all the wheels together, one of them does not even touch the floor. Thanks in advance!
Does it allow the child to steer?
How wide is the little tikes princess truck. I mean like the dimensions itself. Can it fit through regular size doorways inside a house with no prob.
How wide is it
what age is this toy for ?
Does this have a seatbelt for younger kids?
6.5 vs 7
what is included in the kit?
Will it work with windows 8?
What is Interlink?
Does this work on a Mac?
Does it include quadcopters?
Mode one is available from Real Flight. Is it available from you?
Does it come with finger controls similar to a typical transmitter? I did not see anything about that on the product description.
RealFlight 6.5 can be used with a radio Hitec Aurora 9 ???. Do I need some special cable ???
Does this work on a MAC?
Which version of Real Flight (7 or 6.5 Heli) has the most variety of QUADCOPTERs in the fleet.
Can you explain "Mode 2" please?
what does it mean "to trim the helicopter out" and can it be done in the realflight 6.5 sim? And if yes, then how?
is it possible to buy and download the helicopter mega pack somewhere on line if I allready have the realflight 6.5 ?
Will this run on windows 8?
How thick are these?
Are these very bright?
Is the cap that holds the string (for the necklace) removable?
are these ride on atvs or toys?
what battery for the remote?
Whats the range on these cars in feet?? Thanks!!
how long does the battery last
What battery for car
How fast is it
Are the car tires foam?
is it waterproof
how long does it take to charge?
can you control the speed?
Can this quadcopter do flips?
So does this one have a transmitter with it. It would be nice to see the description of what's in the box. Come on really.
How do you change transmitter from mode 1 to mode 2?
Is the Hubsan easy to fly?
Is this ready to fly? I'm a little confused, the top description states "almost ready to fly, 4 pcs AAA transmitter battery needed"
Really? "41.3 x 1.2 x 41.3 inches" doubt it. Is the decimal off or wrong units listed?? What are its REAL dimensions???
Is this the new model, or the old model? Two separate results come up under "Hubsan X4", one says "new and improved" this one just "Hubsan X4".
what is difference between this and the new improved x4h107? or is it the same copter
Is this the upgraded version of the hubsan x4
What is the distance this drone can fly?
how tall is it without the rope?
how toll he is ?
Does the hat come off?
how tall is it
Is the string around Woody's hand/arm connecting to the lasso to be cut off or kept on?
can I use this as a cake topper?
how big are the figures?
Can this buzz sit and be used with the spaceship command center?
Can you move Buzz's arms?
How tall are Buzz and Woody?
how many inches tall is bullseye
what size is it?
how big is it?
how tall is it
how tall is it
does optimus Prime come with the matrix of leadership
What year was this model made?
Is it metal or plastic?
What is the size?
Does the trailer open up into battle mode
size: some answers say 6" others say 10", 12" - how tall is the action figure??
How tall is he, also is any of him diecast?
is it made of the same quality as the original?
Ad says Takara Tomy, picture says Hasbro...Is this the Hasbro version with the short smoke stacks, or the Takara Tomy version?
How big is the volleyball?
does it come with the net shown in the picture?
does this include the net?
What are the dimentions of the net? How tall is it?
Does it come with horses?
What size of horses fit into the stalls?
is it schleich compatible
How big are the horses that come with the stable?
Is this Horse Stable large enough to fit the Schliech/Papo horses?
what size horse can it hold
What is the stable made of?
how many Mhz does it have
does anyone else have a turning error? I can barely turn. Its like shifting or something. I have good battery everything. Does anyone else have this?
how wide is this and how long is it? in inches
Purchased one of these but the remote never worked.The company sent me another.It does not work either.Is there another remote that will work with this helicopter?
Where do the a and b roter blades go I need to replace mine but not sure if I have them reversed.
Purchased this unit in October for Christmas gift - It will not fly - the remote does not talk to the helicopter?
Is there a replacement rechargeable battery for this?
Whats the four little blue soft things for?
what size is it
what color is this helicopter
how high will it go
The tail propeller does not work, so the helicopter does not lift off of the ground. Any suggestions on how to get the tail propeller working?
How long can you run this helicopter before it needs to be recharged?
Are these products phthalate-free?
What is the size of this?
what is it made of?
Is this schleich hippo biger then a schleich horses? thankyou
What's the difference between CL305(blue) and CL305HP?
what is the difference between CL305HP and CL-103BR?
i have this issue, for some reason it start to alert on close range, this is normal? my daughter was about 3 feets away and it start to beep.
Can you describe the alarm sound? How loud? One reviewer says it sounds like a smoke alarm &amp; we wouldn't want to start a stampede in a museum. tnx
is this for all the dolls or just one?
How many dresses do you get?
Do you have a choice of which doll you order? How do you place an order for a certain doll?
Will this fit the Kid Kraft tracksfor wooden trains?
Does this work well on Ikea tracks? Can it pull the rains up a hill on them?
What type of battery(s) does this engine need?
Does this engine work on Melissa and Doug wooden track?
i need a thomas train for a cupcake display. does any one know the actual size of this toy?
does this work on the wooden track from Imaginarium ?
Does this train need a track or can it run on the floor?
Do the wheels turn freely when in the off position? I would ideally like it to work both as a push toy and battery operated.
Can it go up ramps on its own?
The manufacturer states this is suitable for 2 years old, but the note on the information states not suitable for 2 year old because of choking hazard. please advise.
I was told by several track owners, since Fisher Price has the new rights and took over Learning Curve- The wooden tracks are NOT compatible. True?
how many male/male and female/female connectors should we buy to make this a complete, perfect gift?
Will this work with a Brio wooden track system?
is this the one that makes sounds?
What is the width of the shed building? The product dimensions listed says length is 20.8 inches, but is that the building or the box in comes in?
will the trackmaster trains fit into the small doors
I need the actual round track, can this be purchased seperately?
can I purchase the round seperatly?
How long is the rotating part of the turntable?
Is this the same size as the original manufacture's size?
Will it work with the dx6i
Do this come with the Devo 7E controller pictured?
is this coming with the battery or not ??? your listing is not clear
can you program it with a hobbywing program card?
what bullet connectors do I have to buy to conect my motors to this?
do these work with 1000kv 2212 hobbypower motors sold here on amazon?
Does anyone know if these integrate well with flight control boards such as the KK2?
Is it possible to use one of this with Arduino?
Can i use this trasmitter with planes using the DEVO RX701 2.4GHz 7 Channel receiver?
What does the DSSS mean in the the Walkera Devo7 Transmitter7 Channel DSSS 2.4 g Transmitter?
Does it work with DJI Naza-M V2
I purchased a BNF Syma X5C-1. Will this RX be all I need to fly my quadcopter? Will l be able to use this RX with future RC toys (cars, truck, boats)?
what charger do you recomend for this radio?
Will this Devo 7 work for Walkera Master CP helicpopter? Also is it a mode 2?
I turn mine off and now it says "power off" but the LCD screen stays on and then the power switch becomes useless until I pull an actual battery out??
Can i use this RC with the RX 701?
can i bind this transmitter to different model heli's and planes other than Walkera?
Does it work with DJI F550
does the truck or wheels make noise
how big is it. dimensions
Is the bed moveable?
is the truck metal or plastic?
Could a big 18-month-old sit in it without breaking it?
IS THERE AN ALL STEEL TRUCK?
Are the wheels made of rubber?
is it made in the usa
is the dump truck all metal like the old ones or is the truck itself plastic?
Would I be able to load and dump small quantities of sand?
HOW DO YOU PUT IT ON MOUSE MODE.
Will this work with iPhone 5C? ios7
How well is the responsiveness of the analog sticks and buttons for games like call of duty that require quick reflexes
what are the dementions os keyboard
does it work with minecraft
Which games workforce theipad
Will it work for my iPad 4
is there any lighting functionality for dark room?
Does anyone know the specs? I don't see them listed
How do I know which color I will get?
How wide is it? Putting model rockets motors on so quality is mostly irrelevant.
why is there 2 different frequencies ? 40 mhz and 27 mhz which of them is the correct?
Battery Life?
how fast does this thing go?
Can I run two boats at the same time? Are they on the same frequency?
Could anyone weigh it for me? I'd like as exact a weight as possible.
How long does it run before you have to recharge it?
I'd like to order two of the Police Speed RC boats, but want to get them with different frequencies. How can I do that?
how fast
What are the dimensions of the box? I want to have it delivered to me and then haul it up to my grandson. I have an F150 but it has a bed cover on it.
How long does this take to put together?
The picture shows yellow, but one review says the lady received one that was gray. What color will I receive?
Does this truck seat 2?
Can this car be driven on grass
Does this truck have a place on the front and bank where you can put a personalized license plate?
I want to buy an extra battery, is this a standard 6 volt battery?
can you tell me the dimentions of the box....
What's the weight limit in the owners manual?
Hello owners, does this car comes with a remote control for the fathers?
can it fly outside
I cannot find an on/off switch on the bottom of the helicopter, which is where the manual told me to look for it. What's up with this?
I have one V789 (battery tore loose inside nose) and am buying another. Is there a wiring diagram available anywhere to fix first one???
Also, do you have a red one as well as a blue one? I'll be buying 2 but want different colors.
This comes with the remote too, right?
Is this a micro mini? How big is this helicopter?
Mine seems to keep having power cut off at anytime. Doesn't matter what I am doing it will just cut off. Any idea's? Do I need to return it?
Is their any soldering required? And will a kk2 board and a regular transmitter and receiver work on it?
Is this quadcopter complete to play, or need buy extra parts? For example, comes with remote control and batteries?
will the kk2.1.5 board work with the oem esc's?
Who can I talk to about technical problems with this kit?
do these have bendable arms and legs?
hey is the Hulk about 5 inches?
How big are these?
How tall are these action figures?
how tall are the figures?
These are 49.95 at Target on the shelf why should I pay 74.99? Price gouge much?
What age
Is this for ALL ages? Have 3 gr.grandchildren (5 - 9) plus their parents. Can all share.
What size are the bags? Can they hold the games? Are the cards related to the games? Special card games or regular decks? - seems a strange add on.
Are the stencils reuseable?
What stencil designs are with this kit?
Do you have to use the stencils or could you freehand to apply the glue (like henna)?
Hi there. What stencils come with this set?
Do you have any videos showing how it works
How many appliers can use one kit.
How many applications can we get from one kit?
Can you use the stencils more than once? Do the stencils stick to the skin to hold them in place?
how many tattoos does one kit make?
How come the glitter tattoo doesn't last for more than a day? what am i doing wrong?
Will my Spektrum DX6I Transmitter work with this ???
What is the average flight time of this plane with the E-flite 180 mAh 2S 7.4V 20C LiPo, 26 AWG battery, or any battery.
does this product comes with charger, lipos and transmitter?
Does this plane have the SA3X included?
Do any of you have both the Pitts and the Sbach and if so which do you prefer/recommend?
How do I replace the prop? It seems very stuck on there...
What battery should I get for this plane?
What's the C rating do I need for this and how many mAh would I need to get about 10 minutes of flight?
does this plane work with eflite 200mah 7.4v 30c lipo batteries?
Can I use a 2s balance charger with the recommended battery for this plane?
will it work for the ares QX 130
using first RC quadcopter - U818A / will this battery work well with it? Will charge time be quicker than current 2hrs? Can I use existing charger?
what are the dimensions of the battery itself? the listed dimensions are obviously for the paper card it is packaged in.
will this work for the Swann QuadForce Video Drone Quadcopter?
can i use for a rc boat
what is the weight of this battery?
Just to confirm this battery has a jst connector, correct?
What's the name of the battery charger to use this battery?
Will this fit in the standard charger for the 150mah batteries? How can I charge this?
Will this fry the motors in the micro planes because of the longer flight time?
Does this game work on leap pad 3?
does this game work for leapster explorer?
I have twins... thus two leap pad 2's... do I have to buy two copies of this or can it be installed on two pads?
do boys like this game?
Does this work for a Leapfrog 2?
Does this work with the LeapFrog My Own Leaptop?
does this work with leappad ultra
Does this require a download card?
do you need internet access to use these?
Can these games be installed on more than one LeapPad, like the games downloaded from the store? Or do you need to have use cartridge to play?
Are the bulbs LEDs?
Does the heart pillow light up with all the colors like the square one does?
What size batteries are needed?
Why $31.99 when the website has them for $19.99 + $8 shipping?
are the wheels and tires interchangeable?
does it drift well?
do the headlights and tailights work
Is an air pump adapter required?
Can it be used indoors in an apartment? My apartment's living room seems to have the floor space for this.
What is the weight max? How many kids can go on it?
What is this made out of?
what is the inflated diameter?
How big is this when inflated?
will it hold plastic balls? and if so, how many?
Can I put plastic balls in it or will they just pour out of the opening?
Could you fill it with water instead?
What is the opening size for the tablet please?
Does it fit mini
Does this fit the IPAD AIR?
ipad 1st generation is slightly wider and thicker than the 2nd generation. would it still fit the first generation?
does it fit ipad 1st generation?
Can you plug in headphones?
can ipad air fit in it?
Does it work for ipad air?
Can you access the home button with the case on?
Does this product work with the new ipad with retina display?
is it compatible with verizons eclipse tablet?
Can it be used for a iPad mini?
does this fit the kindle?
Does this case work for the ipad Air?
Is this case shock?drop proof?
is it compatible with ipad air
Does this work with the ipad air
Can baby access the home button?
On the fisher price website it says it fits all new Iphones is this true? I have a 5c has anyone used it yet?
Will it fit the iphone 5s?
Would this work for the Samsung Galaxy S4?
Would this work for the Samsung Galaxy S4?
does it fit the original ipod touch?
Will an iphone 6 fit?
Can you still hear music playing while the phone is in this case/
Is there an opening in the case for the charge port? Or do I have to remove the phone to do that?
Will it fit the iphone 5s?
Will it fit the iphone 5s?
Hello, is the charger 110V or 220V, 50Hz or 60Hz or 50/60Hz ........ thank you
controler also included? i can only see toy.
Hi, I received one of these as a gift this summer and the remote broke. Do you sell just the remote? I want to buy a replacement. Thanks!
Hello, it is 110V or 220V, 50Hz or 60Hz or 50/60Hz ........ thank you
Are there really 50 per box like advertised? Some brands have fewer than they claim, and I'm wondering whether this is the same.
are these wrapped in paper or are they the ones that look like garbanzo beans?
Can you eat them?
How loud are they?
How easily do they snap? Can you just step on them, or do you have to stomp on them or throw them very hard?
How many of the snaps were duds (didn't work)?
Can I bind this to a Spectrum Transmitter with DSM2 protocol
Does the quad come fully assembled or are there some final steps you need to take to prepare the quad for flight?
Is this RTF? Does it come with transmitter/battery?
How wide is it
no instructions at and all lots of warnings. how does one inflate this?
Is this 100% clear? Or at least transparent?
does this have some place to attach a rope to secure the float to a boat?
how does one inflate this
How big is it, folded up, straight out of the box? I'm planning on fitting it into carryon and don't want something that takes up too much space.
How much does this weigh and does it require a pump to inflate?
is this Intex floating comfort lounge recommended for going down a river?
Can water be added to this? I want something that I can lay out in and read in the back yard. I thought the water would keep me cool :)
CAN THIS BE USED INDOORS WITH BALL PIT BALLS?
Does the lid detach completely or does it fasten and or have a strap to hold it when the lid is off?
Can someone please tell me the inside dimentions of the cooler compartmenet? Both widths? and the depth?
The product description says it holds 24 cans, and the bullets say 72 cans, which one is correct?
the coller without being inflated inside the package, which is the actual size of the box? I want to buy but I am afraid of the size of the box.
Is there a way for water to drain out of the bottom as the ice melts?
Is this something that can be deflated? As in all parts?
"Removable ice chest holds up to 72 cans and ice"... meaning an actual hard sided cooler is included with the inflatable base?
72 cans with ice or 24?
does this hold 24 or 72 cans? both are mentioned in the description write up?
What is the measurements on the inside? Where you would put the cooler, I dont want to have to go buy a cooler too.
do you sell the furniture alone or only along with the house ?
Is this house sized right for Barbies?
Where can I find directions for the teamson fancy mansion?
Is it just for Barbie size dolls or can you use the regular sized dolls that are intended for dollhouses
what is the height of this doll house?
What is the shipping dimension for this item?
Can Barbie dolls fit in this house?
does the furniture come with the house
Can Barbie dolls fit in this house?
can you make flips and (or) jumps without any type of piece or platform (only a flat surface)?
is it water prof
should i buy 2 of them?
should i buy a nother one of these?
how long does the batteries last?
How fast does it go?
DOES IT GO FAST
Is the steering variable? Does it have a range, or simply 100% left or right
are the wheels foam?
Is it gas
its the a pitch contol that makes the blades turn to go foward or backwark i can tell from the pick
After activating the transmitter per the directions, the helicopter indicator light flashes rapidly, but the helicopter will not operate. Tom Yates
Does the tail rotor operate on this model?
How available are parts?
The product is come in one piece or need to assembly somestep myself? Thanks
How tall is this action figure?
Does this figure come in the original packaging?
Is this action figure suitable for a young boy (2 years and half)?
how many articulation points are there
Does this Ship to Australia. If not, why?
I just received this toy for Christmas. Is the superman CAPE supposed to come off? Mine came off right and won't stay on. Frustrating!
How well is it packaged? Would it be safe being shipped?
What is it made of?
can i use it as a cake topper and put a bride and groom to sit on it?or one of the 2 figures?
Is it packaged in the original box?
Does this come with the original packaging?
How wide is the seat? I plan to place a Game of Thrones Pop! Funko upon it.
Could I sit my Galaxy S3 on it? I would love to use it on my desk.
What size/scale figure would scale somewhat correctly with this throne?
Is the whole thing just one color or is some the detail done too?
Does this kit require glue?
Do the figures come pre-painted?
How does quality compare to Tamiya models where you glue, paint and apply decals? The snap-together pre-colored design is a little bit of a turn off
Does this dollhouse fit Barbies?
How tall is this house assembled?
I just bought tais house for m'y daughter birthday, And a vert important pi&Atilde;&uml;ce of the elevtor is missing . It's is the pi&Atilde;&uml;ce # 67 .
What are the dimensions of the box in which this product is packed?
is it portable if we need to pick it up and transport to another floor
does the furniture move or are they glued down?
Does the package have a picture of the dollhouse on the box? I need to know if I need to hide it from my daughter when it gets delivered!
does this come with furniture like the other models
Help. Does anyone know what part #60 is? The black bowl? And what about the plexiglass panel that doesn't seem to go anywhere. THoughts? Thanks!
What tools are needed for assembly?
Is VTech InnoTab 2S suitable enough for 8 year old kid? Would it make him/her bored after while?
If rechargeable batteries are used will ac adapter recharge them when plugged in?
Is there any Warranty or Protection Plan available with this product?
There are 2 styles in the picture. Do you get 2 cryptex pods or 1 with each order?
can you fit a gift card inside?
How much stuff can you put inside the Pod? I was thinking of putting a Ziploc bag of candy inside it and taunt my coworkers with it.
Is it possible to reset the password and use it again? Or is it only good for the first password?
list of 5 letter words
is the liquid look good like a picture showing here by seller?. is it good disappear and good refill ?.i want to get few sets for my dolls .
is its in full fake liquid before turn it up side down for feed dolls ? please help me idea. thanks. i am serious looking for one set fit for my dolls
what is a real exactly size of this bottle ? i need to know. please help me. thanks.THE WIDE OF IT ?
do i need replace the battery for the bottle milk in case of the sound stop working ?. please help me idea.thanks for all your help me ( everyone )
what is tyle of battery for this bottle ? .please help me .
can the bottle is standing no problem ?. i read people write comment make me so much confuse ? , MAY I PLEASE ASK ABOUT THE SIZE HOW BIG ?.THANKS.
can it use for the doll 20" losts to cuddle babies ( j toy ) style causasian ?. help me please. i need for my dolls.thanks. I MEAN IT CAN USE WITH ALL TYPE OF DOLLS OR JUST SPECIAL BRAND DOLLS FOR IT ? . I WANT TO MAKE SURE BEFORE PAY MONEY TO THE...
Would a Barbie fit in this? (It would need 6.9 in. worth of leg room and 5 in. room for hips.)
How big is this thing (just the actual toy, not the box) overall?
good day how long the battery charge? How fast is the car? how long the battery charging? thanks
I just purchased "BAD Street 1:15 R/c Jeep Wrangler" and I would like to order a second battery for it. Can you tell me what battery to look for?
is this 2 vests and 2 guns?
does it really take 22 batteries?
How far of a range do these guns have? One comment said 10 feet, this can't be true?
How many guns are in package?
Can multiple sets be used together?
how many feet is the range on these?
Hello i would like to buy 2 combo sets but next to your product it says "we are not able to ship this item to your default shipping address" i live in Mexico
Has anyone else found that the ball gets stuck on path 32? Nothing looks broke or out of place. Just not enough clearance.
which one is appropriate for a 11 year oldl?
The ball gets stuck going from 4 to 5. It appears that there is not enough clearance for the ball to pass. Is anyone else having this problem?
age group
Does the plastic support inside the sword run all the way into the hilt?
Are the swords black and pink? (I want to be sure I'm seeing the colors of the blades correctly.)
How long is it?
are they flimsy?
Is each child meant to get 2 swords?
How long is each sword?
do u get pink and black?
I hope to get 12, but the product description indicates there are TWO. If I select "set of 12" will I have 12 delivered? Thank you
What is the range of this helicopter?
Will this helicopter to improved for a 4 years boy? I want to get it for his birthday
Can it be controlled by other transmitters, like Spektrum DX6i?
DOES THIS COME WITH THE REMOTE?
Flight problems.I just received this heli today and it flies leaning to the right side and pulling to right without touching the controls?Any ideas?
what is the average flight time per battery?
After a crash and replacing one of the rotors it no longer properly hovers, it will lift off and stay in the forward direction but make circles?
Is this harder to fly than the 2 blade v311? Also, where can I get spare parts that fit this version?
Will this one hover in place,or do you have to constantly make adjustments?The Syma s107 spoiled me ,it''ll sit almost motionless (indoors). Thanks!
Mine glitches about 2 mins into each flight (stopwatch) - descends uncontrollably. If throttle is raised it slams the ceiling. Is mine defective?
does this come with charger or any other accessories?
If I buy 2 of these helicopters, will I be able to fly them both in the same room without interference?
Does the left joystick(up and down) on the remote have a spring in it? Trying to see if I can have the heli hover in one spot without touching theleft
Can someone please tell me what is the difference between Mode 1 and 2?
What is on the LCD display?
What is the radio range on the helicopter?
CAN IT FLY INVERTED
Does the controller remember the trim settings if you turn it off? I have a Syma F3, and it forgets the settings every time i turn it off.
is it the same size as h911?
Who is the manufacturer?
Does this set come with a baby bouncer? Can't see it in the picture.
How does the baby stay in the stroller?
Would this be sized appropriately for Barbie to be this kid's mom?
Does the loving family car come with the family or do you have to purchase them seperately?
Is this compatible with Fisher Price My first dollhouse
What color is the baby's clothes? Thanks!
How tall is the baby doll, how many inches?
Does anyone know if this baby comes with dark hair and darker skin? I love this set for my daughter but really want a baby that looks Hispanic.
Does it play the beginning theme song "Bubble bubble bubble, guppy guppy guppies?" My daughter LOVES that song
Does the guitar come with a shoulder strap? Thank you.
will it entertain a 3 1/2 year old?
Does it have an on/off switch &amp; volume control? Thanks in advance.
Can you tell me some of the songs/phrases on this guitar
Does it shoot as fast as you can pull the trigger?
How long is it?
Did anyone who ordered this actually receive the orange one? Mine was blue, and they gave me a full refund and said I could keep the blaster.
do we also get the sholder stock and barrel attachment?
is it fully automatic
How far does this consistently fire?
How many darts can you have in at the same time?
does this require batteries?
Has anyone received an orange blaster that's pictured here?
How many sling adapters does it have
What kind of bullets does it use?
Would a 4yr old be able to fire this pretty efficiently and have fun with it?
Can you use the same darts used for the maverick with this gun? Are they interchangeable?
What is the minimum age requirement?
Does this gun require batteries?
I want to purchase two of these for my nephews but it will not let me add more than one to my cart. Is there a reason for this?
Is this a one-handed operating gun?
Thinking of getting this for my 6 year old. He will undoubtedly use it to shoot his 4 year old brother. Will it hurt, and/or take an eye out?
How is an nerf gun packaged in to a frusturation free packaging does it have string tie????
Do the Zombie line of darts work with this gun? I got my son the zombiesling fire and it jammed so much...I plan to let him try this one now. Advice?
Does the "blaster" fire all three darts at once?
does the front rotate to fire , does it have three air chambers , and does it shoot from all three slots or are two just for storage
Are the darts bigger than normal? I need to attach a velcro dot for a carnival game. Thanks
How do you get it ready to fire? I tried pulling down the orange thing at bottom but it rewuireALOT of force and nothing happens.
Does this have variable distance?
Does this gun shoot one or three darts at a time
How hard is it to cock the gun?
I'd like to order additional darts. Which refill packs are compatible with the EX-3 Blaster?
Does this nerf gun use the suction cup darts?
What blasters are good for dual weilding is this one?
IIt holds 2 darts in chambers below the barrel, but you still have to load one dart at a time -- right?
How do u reload
Can anyone tell me the dimensions of the gun? Making a steampunk gun here.
Does the laser help to aim with more accuracy?
What screwdriver do you use to unscrew it? It's so small and my screwdriver doesn't work.
Does the current promotion for 2 guns as my order?
what batteries does it take
does this fit the elite vest
Does this (http://www.amazon.com/N-Strike-Elite... work with this gun?
What batteries does it take?
Which one is better in YOUR opinion: Elite Rayven or Elite Stockade? Why?
can you use regular nerf elite bullets in the firefly clip.
how much clip on the gun?
Does this jam a lot? theNerf CS-18 N-Strike Elite Rapidstrike jammed every other shot for me, made it practically useless. With new darts too.
What US state does this ship from?
Does it jam?
how far does it shoot
is it rapid fire?
can I use the normal elite clips, not the firefly mission clips?
can I use elite bullets for this gun?
Can it be used with the rampag?
what kind of batteries does it use?
do you charge this or just play with it turned on?
Will this work in the zombie slingfire?
does it fit in the new gun called the demolisher
Is the front battery door removable if you choose not to use the batteries so the magazine will be thinner?
Does this fit the Nerf N-Strike Elite: Stryfe Blaster?
wILL THIS FIT into the ELITE Hail Fire?
Will this clip work on the Nerf N-Strike Exclusive Elite Alpha Trooper CS-12?
Does it get easily jammed? If it does, is it easy to unjam?
will this gun shoot the regular darts or only elite?
is this a good gun for 10 year old
Is it fun?
How many bullets does it come with? And how far does this shoot?
Hi, i would like to know if you have 400 of this item to deliver to an event that will be hold in New York City, on May 1rst!
What are the dimensions of the Neft N-Strike Jolt Blaster
How hard is this gun to cock? My 3 YO is obsessed with the neighbor's nerf firestrike elite, but can't quite cock it. Is this one easier? Thanks!
can you modify the jolt
Do you have a 12 pack of refills for the Reflex1X-1 Blaster
how to load gun?
How far does it shoot
how to lod
does it use batteries?
For those of you who bought this expansion more recently, does it use the upgraded components (specifically: colonies) of the 4th edition printing?
Do the "Faction Packs" replace the "Factions" expansion? I just bought this game and want to know what expansions are needed.
Is this the 2nd edition of the expansion?
Trying to find out if this is newer printing -- after new 4th Edition base game -- Is this the new edition (2014) that has 4th Edition compatibility?
How many are in the "booster pack"
I'm hearing the legs are flimsy, will it stay standing even if the desk/table shakes a bit?
How many figures are there
Which series is this booster pack, 1 or 2?
How tall is it?
does this come in the box?
does it have a sticker underneath? for the dashboard maybe
Does this have a sticker underneath for the DashBoard?
Does the scoreboard require batteries?
can it be left out all times in warm weather or will rain damage it?
Would this work with an inside mini hoop that hangs on the door?
Can you use it without setting a time limit? I just want to keep score and the game could go longer than 18 minutes.
Does this work on a hoop that is installed into the ground in the driveway?
I assume you are pushing buttons to keep the score, and it is not capable of keeping score of baskets automatically?
I need a Giant 10 second countdown clock for my wedding speech I saw there is a 30 sec function that I think may work. Where is countdown displayed?
Do you have to change the score manually or does it change automatically?
Will it fit on a thinner basketball pole for inside use?
We have a large in-ground post - how would I request the extra straps when I order? Thank You!
HI. I am trying to figure out how much shipping would be on this product to New Zealand. Thanks,
Why are these sellers charging $95 to $130 for this set? It isn't discontinued or rare, it is brand new and can be found in most retail stores.
Is this set appropriate for a 10 year old
Nice how this went up from $52 to $94 in one week. Gouge any, Amazon?
Can the dry erase board that is the surface of the desk be flipped around so that the easel part is a dry erase and not a chalk board?
Does the paper just hang or can it be secured on the bottom? Is it difficult for a 3 1/2 year old to paint on this? Some of the other easels got bad reviews for painting. Thanks.
Is the chalkboard a real chalkboard or plastic or something else?
When using the desk, is there room for child's feet on the bottom, if the child is sitting on a chair? --thanks
Is either the chalkboard or the dry erase board magnetic?
Is this appropriate for a 7 year old?
What's the Dimensions when it is the desk? What is the height of the desk?
What is the height of the desk surface when its folded down?
Is one side dry erase?
As this game is story driven do replays suffer or become bland because you already know the story?
In a picture, the miniatures are colored and in another, they are not. Which version would I be getting?
is it a good game for two to play?
How does this compare in mechanics/play-style to the D&amp;D 4e board games like Castle Ravenloft? Thanks in advance, if anyone has insights/opinions.
Is this a good game for young children to join?
Since the new version announced and available in August, Should I wait or get this one?
Will it come with the cards "Needle Rapier" and "Tattered Threads of Reason" ?
Has any one tried playing solo with this game? Any comments as to how good a game to play solo?
does it have a single stream blast? I want to use it to train my cat, not soak the whole house.
Does this blaster work with the Nerf Hydro Pack?
What are the dimensions? How big is this?
Do you pump and then pull a trigger? Or does the pump handle act as the trigger? Also, would it reach a second story window?
I want this for my cat but i dont want to have to clean up a mess afterwards (currently using sink and its messy). Is it accurate and semi clean?
When firing, it shoots a weak mix of air and water. Is that normal? When I pull the pump, I feel air being compressed instead of a solid pull.
Is the Nerf Super Soaker Shotwave Blaster compatible with the 20-oz Banana Clip Refill?
can any super soaker clip work with this blaster
will a 4 yr old have the strength to pump and shoot the soaker?
Is the gun to heavy for a 6 year old?
Are the "tools" and parts of this toy interchangeable with he Melissa and Doug take along tool box? Thanks!
I want to know how big it is
For what age is this appropriate
size
how many are in a box now, before it was listed that they come in a pack of 21 but now i notice that is taken off so how many actually r there ina box
How do you open it? Ours just arrived and it is sealed tight. Will not turn.
For those that floated them in a pool, is there a way to weigh the balls down so they remain stationary and do not all float to one side of the pool?
what is the quantity?
Can they be set to just one color?
What size is this (in inches)?
How many floating lights per order?
Hello, can I put the GT-100-FPL-L in my garden all time?? (Day &amp; Night) Tks
Can they just be white light? Have to use the colors? I just want white.
how to correctly install the batteries?
How many paper per little book?
Are the pages just regular lines or primary lined (like with the headline/midline/baseline)?
How many lines are on each page? Is the picture box just as big on the inside pages?
How many pages are in these books??
what ages who can use it?
hook rg
What pens should I bee buying to use as extras for variety? Any particular brand work best?
It is for ages 8 and up. Would a 6 year old be okay with it?
What is the purpose of the Precision Rack?
My daughter, almost 4, is tracing bowls, glasses, etc. to create circles. What makes this so hard that you all say 7-8 years? I wanted to get her this
This says original Spirograph, but I seem to remember a lot more wheels, including a few long skinny ones and a frame for making borders, am I crazy?
recommended age
Is this recommended for an 8 yr old girl?
age appropriate for 5 yr old ?
Are these compatible with regular Legos?
How big are the lite bris people?
How many flex clear connectors come with the set? Ours didn't have any and is kind of a hassle to return and am wondering if the set is degraded by n
Do these fit with legos?
WHY is this item priced SO high on Amazon?? Walmart, Kmart, Target and Toys R Us all sell this item for $24.99!!! Amazon's price is a HUGE RIP OFF!!
Does the Cinderella that comes with this set sing a different song in the Princess Songs Palace than the Cinderella that comes with the Palace?
I just ordered this toy and it came in spanish, I would like to reorder it but for it to come in enlish. Is there a way you can check the product?
how big are the mice
how long is the battery life (max)?
could this be used outdoors and indoors?
is it a nice car
can it go fast
does it have head lights? whats its frequency?
Is the car rechargeable?
Does this car say BUGATTI anywhere on the actual toy car? Does it say Bugatti on any of the packaging?
what's the distance for the remote to work ?
I purchased this car in March 2014 for grandson. Made me aware today that remote antenna is broken. How do I get a replacement?
What color would I get if ordered
Does it speak portuguese? My daughter wants it, but she doesn't speak english.
age to play with furby
WHERE DO I FIND A FURBY APP TO DOWNLOAD AND HOW?
what other items should i buy to make a furby work successfully?
What is the white furby's name?
What is the orange furby's name?
Is there a personality difference in the furby colors?
how fast is the boat
Where do I buy it ?
How much space do you need to have fun with it
does it come with a battery?
is he rare
how tall is he
How tall is the figure?
What kind of material are the replica belts made out of
does the bedding come with it
What is the clearance between top and bottom bunk? Can AG dolls easily fit into bottom bed?
How do beds stay together when stacked? Is it secure or does top bed fall easily? Can child take apart on her own?
Will cabbage patch dolls fit in it.
Do the beds turn into two twins of the same height? If so, how is that done?
What color is the mattress pad?
Does the bed come with teh hearts painted on or are they stickers you can choose whether or not to apply?
Does this fit an American Girl Doll?
Does the ladder hook onto the bed or just lean against it?
does this fit american girls?
Will this work on multiple ipads
Is there any program/game like this for android tablets? I can only find apps but really like the art accessory tools like this
Will the Crayola Digitools Stencil Effects ( Or any of the Crayola Digitools products) work on an iPad mini or the Kindle fire?
Will it work with Android Tablets or only the Ipad?
Can pictures created be printed?
Can this only be used on an iPad? We have a different brand of tablet.
Does it work with all versions of the iPad? I have an iPad 1
Does this product work on the iPad mini?
Would this be appropriate for an 11 yr old girl?
Will it work on ipad mini?
can i use the kindle fire with this?
Will this work on a laptop computer?
Can you use with ipad mini
Will this work for android tablets?
DOES IT WORK WITH IPADMIN/
what is the recommended age
Do the doors open?
This is a car that my granddaughter can sit in and drive, right?
The picture is blue but the description is pink? What color will i really get?
can the child drive the car by him or herself or is it remote control only?
CAN I CONTROL DRIVING THE CAR WITH THE REMOTE?
Can two fit in here? I have twin 20 month old grand daughters.
How long does it take to charge the battery?
Do the stickers/decals come already on the car outside body or do you need to apply them on your own?
Can it hold two children.
How well does this work on grass?
Does this mSR Helicopter come with the 4-port charger, or the single port charger?
Could this be flown by a 7 yr old?
Would the RTF heli be able to bind to another TX if I were to get a more sophisticated TX in the futue?
What are the two extra blades for?
Is this bird really 16 inches long and 5.9 inches tall?
how long does the battery last
can you fly this thing outside?
Does it come with a remote
what is the flight time on this heli
what is coaxial?
is it for 13 year olds
can I buy spear propellers
what size batteries does the air hog sky stunt airplane use. It just says 6 lithium ion batteries but doesn't state size.
That Is a BIG peace oh garbage !
does it come with lego money
is it small
this poduction can be shipped to china?
Ware did the friends legos come from witch states
is it fun?
how big is the box
Why does this not ship to a PO Box?
how much does it cost to ship world wide
how can this go from 39.99 to 68.
dose i come with a animal
Are the TARDIS big, small or regular?
Do these have a female connector at one end to allow multiple strings of these to be strung together?
How long can you keep them on?
Will these plug into a standard american outlet?
Will they plug into a standard British plug socket?
How long are the string of lights and how many tardises(?) are there on one strand?
How to check bulbs on a a burned out strand? What sort of bubls does this take as replacements?
Are they led???
I bought these for my daughter's dorm room and she loves them, just need confirmation that they are LED lights. Thanks!
Are these lights for indoor use only?
What series are the card packs?
Is it appropriate for 3 year olds?
What are the dimensions of the tin?
Do you know of card collection binders that will fit in this box?
Confused a little bit. Are any of the cards in this tin for the My Little Pony Collectable Card Game? Or are they just some kind of non-game cards?
Is this the standard size body or slim body?
How quickly and what would be the cost to ship to Ottawa, Ontario Canada K4P 1G4
What color eyes does this doll have? I can't tell from the picture.
hello, you can change the language to Spanish. someone who can help me please
Is this product to young for my 8 year old daughter?
have to change the language to Spanish, who can help me please...??
How do you change the mode setting on the transmitter from Mode2 to Mode1?
Does it have a camera?
How can I get some reasonable directions for charging and flying the Ladybird?
How do you remove a broken propeller after breaking one?
second one arrived and same problem batterie3s are charged but nothing happens when plugged into toy no lights no prop spin nothing
Wat is the colore
9 times out of ten when I start to lift off, the copter tends to one side automatically. no wind flat surface just veers to one side.whats happening?
How is this different from a Walkera Ladybird?
Does it inclod a battere
Should I use super glue on some parts
how long did it take to assemble?
Does the allen wrench and screwdriver come with it?
Is the furniture included in the dollhouse Barbie size?
What sized car fits in the garage?
Can this item fit real Barbie dolls
will this doll house accomodate a barbie sized doll?
Can you pose with the tail?
What does this figure come with
Does it Includes bonus edition D-Arts Mew which is approximately 30mm high
I need this shipped to Brazil. Any ways?
is he a model kit or action figure?
Will this come with the Mew figure? As it is stated in the description, "Includes bonus edition D-Arts Mew which is approximately 30mm high."
if you own this figure of mewtwo, can u answer me how tall he is?
how many do you have&iquest;? and the shipping is only in USA&iexcl;?
does this come with accessories ?
Does this come with the mew figure as well?
You say this ESC has BEC function to power the receiver from the motor battery so where is to be connected the only one RX three wire cable? Thanks
is their a way to make this work for 4 motors
will this work with a Futaba 3prka?
Will this work tith the Tamiya Grasshopper kit with Brushed 540 Motor? Thanks
can u use lipo battery with this esc
can i use it for a 550 motor
At what voltage does the cut off to motor power kick in? Is it adjustable?
can you use this in a boat?
what is voltage limit on this thing?
Servo works, but no motor on channel 2, 3 or 4?? What am I doing wrong?
What is the channel order for a plane configuration?
Will this receiver match up and work with Hitec servos ?
Is this receiver compatible with a hobby king T6A Version2 Tx? Thanks
What battery pack is recommended for this unit?
Is this receiver compatible with FlySky FS-T6
Is this unit small and light enough to be used in a park/indoor plane?
can I use this tranmitter with a V911 heli
What battery should i use?
Can this receiver work with this - Hobbypower X525 Quadcopter?
Is it safe to use a 7.2V LIPO 2 battery with this receiver? If yes, what recommended mah?
Why are you charging so much when I can get the Hess Helicopter and Rescue for 26.99 from Hess?
Hi, if I buy multiple trucks from you (ie. the 2012 and 2013 models) does the shipping charge get reduced?
Is this helicopter toy new or used? Does it come in original, sealed packaging?
What kind of batteries are needed for the helicopter?
Does this helicopter have a crane?
Does this include the helicopter and the truck?
What is the point of the top lights on the truck going up and down? Should it be turning the lights on and off?
What are the dimension of the toys. Concerned they are small
Does it fly?
Is it remote controlled and if so does the remote control come with it?
What is the package size?
what are the ages on it
What age is this suited for?
Are the heads paper or thin plastic?
What are the dimensions of the shipping box?
Does it come with drumsticks like the picture shows?
Do it bark?
how big is it????
Once you enter its code, does this Webkinz Butterscotch Retriever also come with specific on line items that are unique to this purchase?
come with code
is it good quality?
dose it look like this in real life?
What is the size of the retriever?
How many balls should I order to fill the tent?
does this tent have two openings like the other styles?
Is this big enough for 2 kids to play in at once?
How easy is it to put up? Any assembly required or does it easily "twist up/pop up"?
Is this plastic material BPA free?
Would this tent work with a tunnel?
THANK YOU WANTED TO KNOW IF YOU CAN SEND Classic Polka Dot Teepee Play Ball and balls together
I am from Venezuela, I wanted to know if it is sending more balls the tent in one package both my address miami
Is this for outdoor use?
What is the tent made of? Is it plastic, mesh?
Is the "plush" furby softer or is the fur fuller than the regular furby?
if I give it to a Portughese speaking only child, will the Furby "learn" this language or will it be lost and have a behavioral trauma?
Do these Furbies say "Oh My God" like the older version Furbies do?
Hi I'm really interested in your furby, but i have a question, additional to his Furby's language, does he speak fully spanish?? tks
If I buy this Furby for gifting in Brazil it will work normally in Portuguese? He can learn to speak Portuguese?
Furby speaks Portuguese? Pleeeeease tell me yes! :(
does a furby stay alive for 4months
can furby work without app?
is this a new 2012 cotton candy furby?
Is this the 2012 Cotton Candy Furby?
what are the dimensions of the super soaker gun
HI! Does this work with the clip system vest? I don't see specific mention that it does. Thanks!
What is the best age for this gun?
does this come with a clip?
Do you think a 6 year old cold pump and operate this easily enough?
Does this gun have the tactical rail on it??
Does the stock fit all Nerf blasters and all Nerf soakers?
which beyblade is better,el drago destructor or cosmic pegasus
what does this set include?
size
I want to get my 7 year old grandson bayblades. I will purchase the metal fury hyperblades battle set. Should I also purchase extra beyblades?
beyblade is all new or of pogo is blade
What is the target age group for this toy?
Do these come in colors?
Are they metal beyblades?
Is this for the Wii?
Does it come with a a transmitter?
Many recommendations to purchase extra batteries.....what exact kind of batteries do I order?
does it do flips?
can i bind my dx6i to this
I Purchased the Heli-Max and it does not have the LiPO battery in the box? Says it comes with one... Can you send me one please?
battery life and how long will i be able to fly on one charge
Hi does anyone know the distance this coper can fly? Thanks
Has anyone tried mounting a tiny video cam on this? (yes, I know they make one with the camera already mounted...) Thx!
Not clear what is in the box.What do I get for $99.38?
is there a controller
Is the DVD included? Product description does not list DVD.
Is the DVD and story book about the girl elf or the original story with the boy elf?
Is the elf the one that appears in the picture or is the new edition (2013) elf. I need the one pictured. Thanks
Does this also come with the book and skirt?
where can you get transmitter instructions on how to fly cannot get quadcopter to stabilize in air.
Do the blinking LED lights come standard with the WL Toys V949 quadcopter?
color
it come with transmitter? and what is the flying time ?
What 7.4v 2s lipo battery fits this car without any mods?
Who do I ask about color selection!? I placed my order but have no idea where to ask the seller.
is it waterproof
will it drive in the grass? or just pavement
Would like to buy one today, is it delivered in it's original box, brand new with all accessories besides the AA batteries?
want to order today, does it include all accessories and in it's original box?
Can we somehow choose the color?
Hi , Do you know if the product included the battery and the charger , Thx for answer.
what color is this? it says it is in used-like new condition.
would this be compatable with the Rainbow swing set?
What is the weight limit?
Can this be possibly hung on the tree branch&gt; thanks
Does this come with any mounting hardware to attach it to our wooden play structure?
How can I adjust the chain so that the jungle gym is higher off the ground? I couldn't find a way to remove the chain links. Is there any other option
where can you hang this ? do you need bar ? can it be under deck
What is the weight limit?
Can this be hung to a tree?
what is the diameter of the bar?
Will this work with the Wii original game set?
This works with xbox 360 trap team?
Is this for Wii or X Box?
Does it also have the wow pow?
What age group is for
Can someone tell me how this was packaged, did you have to build it yourself? What size was the package?
Does the bike come with a kickstandh. My daughter really wants a kickstand, I see one in the picture but just making sue.
does the bike come put together?
I have another question: Down on Product Details are the Product Dimensions (45.9 x 7.3 x 21.3 inches, 33 pounds). These are the dimensions of the shipping box?. I'm new using Amazon. I see Shipping Weight, but not Shipping Box Dimensions. Thanks for...
What are dimensions of the shipping box? *) How many feet measures the shipping box? *) How many cubic feet has the shipping box?
Is there enough room on the back axles for training wheels?
Does this bike also have petal brakes as well as handle brakes?
What does ALMOST ready to run mean ? What else does it need?
Does the car have the waterproof housing for the receiver or do i have to buy that too?
Is the ESC (electronic speed controller) included and if so does the stock one have reverse?
can you please list exactly what else i need to purchase to make this car run?
Will this body fit on the Traxxas 68086 Slash 4X4 4WD Electric? Can we purchase it from you?
Is this the new 4Pole Motor/ESC version?
Does it come with a remote
how fast does it go
does it come with a decal sheet? not mentioned in the descripion
any recommendations on which transmitter, receiver, battery and charger that's compatible for this model? thank you.
Have you encountered a defective shower? Do the figures take a long time to be dried after a swim? Will their joints become rusty?
The outside of the pool has tabs, as though it could snap into a larger scene - what other modules can it use?
How well does the shower work?
May I have the dimensions of the pool, please? Can Lalaloopsy mini play in it comfortably? Thank you very much :)
How tall are the people?
how much was shiping?
does the battery come included
what is the top speed,and how much charge and flight time do I get?
Can this helicopter be flown outside?
Helicopter charged up, but will not operate. What to do?
How long will it fly with a full battery charge
Why does advertisement say 8+ but box says 14+
Is this suitable for outside use? say in Parks?
How long do you charge your helicopter? The manual says 30 min but the light never changes color, should se charge longer?
The Manual is contradictory! Should the HELICOPTER switch be ON or OFF during charging?
Is the battery replaceable? My current 'copter has the battery soldered in.
how tall is the Mickey figurine? How many figurines to you get in this set?
Where is this product made?
Any chance this would arrive in Iowa BY Friday?
Are materials made from PVC?
what is fifi the peke from??
It seems like the photo and the description are of different figures. Is the figure for sale the one in the photo?
do these action figures have moveable parts?
Please tell me the height, the width and the depth of the figure in inches. Thanks
Please tell me the height, the width and the depth of the figure in inches. Thanks
how tall is the figure
Is everyone's preorder delayed?
Can you put his sword into the sheath?
4/15/13. Is it reasonable to assume that this item is sealed in the original packaging? I only ask because I believe I do see any mention of this. I
When the heck is this actually coming out?
The price just changed from 69.99 to 89 dollars.Will those who have pre ordered the figure have to pay the new price?
Why do people keep buying these chinsy figures?
Release date?
what's the dimension of the box? is it for 2.5 x 3.5 cards?
do the little boxes have a lid, or are they open like that with no lid?
What material are the smaller boxes made of? Same as the ultro pro deck boxes or cardboard?
How many cards can you fit in there total? (estimated though)
So do the 3 little boxes fit snuggly in the box, or is there a bit of space between them, possibly to fit 3 decks instead of 2?
how many sleeves come of each type?
Why does the Starry Night Version say twice as much as the Teal one I bought?? As per Instructions.
What is the Starry Night furby?
the furby speak spanish or Englis. and if required in Spanish has some extra cost?
why there are differenr prices for these toys, I see no difference but in the color.
why there are differenr prices for these toys, I see no difference but in the color.
Furby cames in spanish languages
I purchased this Furby for my 7 year old daughter as a birthday present. We are unable to get the Furby to interact with her iPod. Any suggestions?
he understand instructions in spanish language?
Is it good for a nine year old
Will it work with Kindle fire fury boom app
Are the furbies really worth the money?
does furby have any warranty
which furby can use android app?
does Furby speaks only english or can it speak spanish too?
is this a clean version ? what are the phrases?
does this ted looks exactly like the picture showed?
Is this Big Enough to Take with me To Ted Number 2 in 2015? Yes I'm over 21 Are you taking yours to?
is green label or red label&#xFF1F;
are the batteries replaceable
is there 12 phrases or only 5 phrases?
Are these compatible with the magna-tiles?
where are these made?
How many large squares does the 60 piece set come with? I bought one set and it only had 2. Is this correct?
How many of each shape, &amp; size come with the 60 vs 100 set?
How many of each shape, &amp; size come with the 60 vs 100 set?
What is the size of the smallest piece in the set. I would like to buy for older kid, but I want to be sure it is not a choking hazard for 6 mo old.
are the magnets strong ?
Do you think the lack of metal rivets, which Magna-Tiles have, makes these more likely to break open and expose the magnets?
How many are there of each shape. It's not clear in the product description, i.e. how many squares, rectangles...
In the picture of the boxes, the 100 piece box looks so much smaller than the 132 piece box - why?
What are the sizes of the pieces? We have magnetic stick n stack and we want to make sure they are compatible. Thanks.
Can you use Metro Mags in the bath (with/under water)?
Are these compatible with the Excellerations Building Brilliance Magnetic Shapes?
Are they compatible with Magformers, by any chance?
Are these the same size and colour as other 100-piece sets that are advertised on amazon at more than double the price of yours?
What's the difference between this and the first edition?
Is this the 2nd edition or is the one that is 39.99 the 2nd edition. confused
What is the difference between "Frustration-Free Packaging" and "Standard Packaging"?
in my 20's. Planning to try out this game, is this the base game and do i need to get the "on the brink expansion" in order to start playing?
Is this game fun to play with only two players?
Is this blue box, lady medic compatible with on the brink 2nd edition expansion?, or do I need other pandemic 2nd edition orange box, male medic?
Is this good for adults - meaning in 40-70's?
What accessories come with this kitchen
Does the phone make any noise, it has buttons? or it is just a sticker
does the microwave and oven make noise as if somethings being microwaved or cooked? (buzzing noise etc. then beeps once the timer runs out?)
does the microwave, refrigerator and phone have real buttons or just stickers? do they make any sound?
I can see the question asked if the microwave has buttons to push like shown in the picture. The answers are from 2013. Anyone have an updated answer?
I have read so many conflicting measurements for this kitchen. What is the ACTUAL height, width and depth please??
Can I buy replacement drawer and recycle bin for this kitchen or Kitchen #7372?
Is it okay for a 6 yr old boy
What is the height of this kitchen set? Can someone please measure theirs and let me know?
does the microwave buttons make noise when u push them?
also what its the exact measuments from corner to each end because 33" doesnt make sense?
It says this is orange, it looks more like a mustard yellow in the photo. What color would you say it is? Is it accurate to the photo?
Doe the inside od the refrigerator have a upper section for "frozen" items? Or is the lower door below the refrigerator meant to be a freezer?
can anyone tell me the dimensions of the kitchen when assembled??? thanks!
Is the backside (particularly behind the sink) finished, or would you have to put this in a corner?
what is the dimension of the box(unwrapped), original packaging? thanks....
Do the cabinet door on left side of oven open all the way? The handle of the oven seem like it gets in the way a little. Are there shelfing inside?
what is the height of the counter?
Does the oven open properly? From the picture, it looks like there would be a conflict between opening the oven and the cabinets that abut it.
does this have a play telephone?
Does this pottery wheel come with the clay?
Does this unit come with the AC Adaptor??
What kind and how many batteries
how high/tall is the slide?
How high is the platform from the ground?
Can this climber be easily disassembled to relocate?
What is the weight limit?
Could it be an outside toy?
How long is the slide? My 17-month-old is nearly 33" already. Will he outgrow it soon?
Where can I buy another soccer ball and basket ball? The ones that came with ours are leaky.
How stable this climber is? Would young toddler be able to tip it over?
What is the suggested age range for the climber?
what if any difference is between this one and the older model? also, is size in packaging reasonable for going on a plane as an extra bag?
size?
Is there anyway to turn it off for bed time?
is he a soft plush toy, or is his body hard plastic?
I need in spanish? where I can buy it? thanks :)
There is only in english or in spanish too? I need one in spanish. Thanks
does go under water or use surface movement
is it remot
what is the size of the submarine???
the finished size
What is the counter height of this kitchen? I have tall tots and want to make sure they aren't too tall already.
Is the oven or the microwave see-through? Can't tell from the photo. Thanks!
Could I put this in my son's outdoor clubhouse, or would it be ruined by the elements? Other suggestions welcomed?
are there shelves in the refrigerator?
Does this kitchen have sound effects?
Do you ship to APO?
can you ship to germany ? if yes how many it is costs ? Txs
Is this kitchen made out of real wood or MDF?
What are the dimensions of the box it ships in?
I do not see a size scale of the model is it 1/100 or 1/144?
Do you need to assemble the model or does it come fully assembled with interchangeable parts?
Hi, does metal has kit that we can build on our own?this one is finished right? thanks
does it come with dolls?
is the house made out of cardboard or wood pieces?
Are there furniture sets for each room?
Will this house accommodate 12" dolls?
What scale dolls does it fit?
Dolls it fits
The jelly's seem to stay "stuck" at one area of the tank at sometimes...Any suggestions on how to get them moving?
can you put fish in it with the jellyfish?
What size is the aquarium?
There is no min/max marks on the tank our daughter got, should the water reach the bottom of the lid when lid is on the tank?
Is the motor as loud as some reviewers say it is
Is it battery opperated?
What size doll fits in this?
what size dolls fit?
Would this be ok for a five year old?
does it come with the baby doll?
What is the size of this truck?
What are the dimensions of this tow truck?
does it actually tow?
What is the scale of this figure? 6", 6.5", 7" or 10"?
After reading the reviews, I guess the only "accessory" this one comes with is the stand?
Is this the special black metallic version?
is it in original package
Product Details Product Dimensions: 10 x 8 x 2 inches ; 1 pounds.- but forwarding services tell that Dimensions 20x14x7.- What happenend ?
There are pictures of 2 different action figures of Batman, which one is the one I will find in the package?
How do you put it together
Is the maximum weight capacity for this dirt bike 165lbs? If so what is the minimum weight capacity for this item? Thanks
How fast does it go? How long does one ride last on a tank of gas? It is gas powered right? What is the minimum weight of a rider?
How do you know which color you will get?
How big is the mini bag?
Does this fit comfortably on a plane tray table?
What is the diameter fully flat, please?
Does it truly stay open with the sides upright for easy access as the picture suggests?
It says the dimensions are 16x16x1; what is the 1" measurement? From the picture it looks more like 5-6" depth.
is there an even smaller swoop bag that could be used as a cosmetic bag?
when closed, is the mini bag easy for a child to carry, that is, when closed, does the cord become two loops like handles? Hope my question is clear.
Is this game appropriate for a six year old birthday gift (boy)?
What is the max number of players on this game?
can this be played alone, or do you need at least 2 people ?
Does the game include a game board that measures 19 x 27 inches, 560 cards, and a plastic insert inside game box for storing and sorting cards?
Does the game come with random cards? I've seen expansions for the game but no booster packs. Does each expansion get the same cards?
How does this game compare to DC Comics Deck Building Game? This one is $20 more, is it worth it?
How long does an average game take with 4 players?
Does this version come with the game board, the picures associated show the board.
Anyone know where you can get more of the dividers that come with the game?
What kind of sleeves are needed for this game? Will the penny sleeves work? Thanks!
how many to a set?
How many do you get per purchase?
do you get multiple?
Will these blades fit a Hubsan X4?
can you uses these for the hubsan h107?
will these work for the Estes Proto X?
How long is each prop? Total length -- tip to tip? Wanting to use for a project with 3V motors.
Can these be used with the Estes ProtoX micro-quad?
Are half of them counter rotational?
Will these blades fit a mini pet quadcopter?
Could a 1 year old grap this item? What is the material made of? Anything that will catch hair and dirt?
Would it be possible to juggle with these balls? I'm not totally clear on the size, but we need them for juggling.
Is the rubber ball somewhat gel-like or too hard that it makes a thud sound or scratch hardwood floors when thrown across the room?
do these have a squeeker in them?
Can my cats play with these?
Is this ok for a 6 month old?
How many inches tall is it
Are the eyes plastic or soft and plush too?
does it talk?
which elmos talk
How big is it?
Dimensions
Is this the Elmo that hugs you as recently advertised on TV?
Are the eyes made of hard plastic?
Hoe big is it?
Does Elmo speak?
Are Elmo's eyes soft or hard?
how tall is this ELmo?
Has anyone tried sticking this in the washing machine?
Are there batteries, if so how are they contained?! Is it durable with drooly babies?!
Is the volume on your toy low too? Can it be brought up?
Is this able to be used with Iphone 5
It says not for children under 3 - small parts? Can anyone explain this?
Can i set another language for the sounds, like portuguese or everything is in english?
Is this toy PBA free?
is this bpa free?
Is it bpa/pvc free
Does this work for Iphone 5
Can it be set up without rails? Or do we have to purchase rails separately? Or is my package missing rails?
How wide is the tent opening?
Why does this 19.99 tent cost so much?
How does the tent fold up for storage? Do you have to take the poles out, or does it fold up like an umbrella?
how much does this tent weigh?
what are the dimensions
what is the size of the tent?
Does it have a bottom made of tent material or is it open?
Could these be used outside on grass?
how tall are the pins?
Are the plastic pins solid or hollow? Do they stand up well?
Are these plastic or foam?
Does it overheat? Because i have been reading reviews of other globes and people are saying they overheat and no longer work.
Does it still work after a long time? Also is the globe durable?
Is this globe blue and silver as in the pic or black and gold as it states in the written description?
Does it operate on batteries only?
Clarabel's magnets are backward. Her face is in the back when connected to any other train. Is that the case with all of them?
Clarabel's magnets are backwards and her face is in the back when connected to any other train? Is this the case with all of them?
The picture indicates both Annie and Clarabel have the same face. Is there anything that distinguishes them from each other? Thanks.
Are these cars suitable for Micro Drifters Race Track?
Are these metal or plastic?
How big are these cars? I'm trying to figure out if they will work in the Kid Galaxy Micro Nitro Carrying case.
What age is it recommended ?
What is the height of cranky .
In the picture of Cranky the crane there is a wooden box with a magnet on top. Does that come with this too?
What other Thomas cars have magnetic cargo that work with Cranky?
Can this be used with the trackmaster set up?
I am concerned about the string getting broken or tangled--is there a way it can be replaced by an adult?
Does this cranky have a green arm, large magnet, no ladder (boxed pic #2), or small magnet, black arm, and printed ladder (unboxed picture #1 &amp; #3) ?
Does this include a remote control?
Does this game offer stereoscopic 3D like The Show 11' and 12' do?
My enclosed multiplayer code is invalid, and when I contacted Sony they advised the online servers are no longer active. Is this true?
We do not have Move for our PS3. Can we play this game with the regular controllers?
Does the game get hard? I played like 5 games and I won them all easily. Does this change? It'd be great if it does. I want it to feel realistic
Lenguage options also in spanish?
Can u play online against other players
is it a fun game for a 9 year old boy
How do you view your inbox? I see my inbox flashing on the bottom right of the menu and I can't figure out to get there
How do you stop balk pitching? I'm new to this (still learning baseball) and it shows me red and blue boxes at times when I pitch. When I pitch, the umpire makes the runners advance a base. How do I pitch to not make this happen?
Does it show how many pitches the pitcher threw? I want to be able to see how many pitches threw o I can be ready on when to bring in a new pitcher from the bullpen. I want this game to be realistic. MLB 09 Is what I currently play and it's honestly...
does it have a rechargeable battery is a nozzle small enough for a 260 animal twisted balloon?
can this inflate ballons all the same size?
can this inflate a 60inch balloon?
what kind of battery does it use or is it plug-in only while you use it
I recently received this product. I used it for about 10 minutes and I see hot air blowing through the nozzles. Is that normal or defective piece?
I see that there are four nozzles. Are all the four nozzles operational?
Can you pump up 2 balloons at the same time?
Does this pump have a nozzle that can fit and inflate small, thin balloons that are used to make animals/ balloon art?
How noisy, or loud is it?
Can this be turned on its side to inflate a balloon with some water in it? Not making water balloons I just need to put enough to float in the pool.
I tried MIP and it didnt work out, how are these overall, do they bend at all, and do u think they can handle a 3s lipo on my slash
do these fit with the rpm a arms
looking at pro line transmission for my slash. would these axles be a better upgrade than any others?
Will this fit on my Rustler VXL?
Will it fit my team associated sc10
Can you mount a winch to this bumper?
do I have to put different bumper mounts on
What is the exact length of the bumpers?
Will it fit the Axial SCX10 Jeep Rubicon?
Are the front an rear bumper plastic or some type of aluminum or metal?
So are there 12 plates total or 36 plates?
SIZE OF SMALL ND MEDIUM?
I don't know if things have changed since the last questions were asked -- but are there 12 plates or 36 plates?
There seem to be conflicting answers...are there 36 plates or 12 plates for the $12.57 amazon prime price?
Are there 12 paper plates per pack or 12x3?
Do you know if these have more articulation than ones sold at target?
how big are they
How tall are they?
How tall are these figures
Is this listing still for the Cupcake Maraschino Cherry stroller or for the striped on displayed?
do the wheels swivel?
does the sun shade come off or fold down?
Why is the picture different that the description? Which one is it?
It is real right?
does it just come with the bey or does it come with launcher and rip cord
Does this have low stamina?
Can Pegasus switch modes?
How many beys can it beat in one launch
is it good
is it a tornado
Do you know if this is a good product? I love to blade and I want a quality bey. Is this the bey for me?
Do you know if this is a good product? I love to blade and I want a quality bey. Is this the bey for me?
Is this beyblade synchrome customizable?
As measured by high
is it plastic or what
Is the arrow comes with his box?
HOW TALL IS THIS?
is this good tog et or should or is there another green arrow out there
Do the limbs move or is he permanantly in this position?
Why is this one so expensive? All the other new 52 figures are half this price.
Does this deck come with a double backer?
searching for 100% plastic jumbo playing cards for canasta and easy to shuffle
do the cardshave a air cushioning
dose this deck come with doubles?
Delivery in Brazil?
Does it contain two Jokers, and are they different in appearance?
What is the background color of these cards? White? Not the reverse side, the regular one... Thanks!
do these cards bring a doubleback card
Is it plastic Cards or Paper-cardboard ?
How big would this amount of beads get if you activated all of them? Trying to figure out how much would be needed to fill a kiddie pool. :)
Do you hydrate with simple tap water?
How long would these stay hydrated? And would you need to keep water in them to keep them hydrated? Would they begin to decompose or fall apart?
How big would this amount of beads get if you activated all of them? Trying to figure out how much would be needed to fill a kiddie pool. :)
Are there clear beads in the mix? I only see white, but not clear. Thanks!
Could this be used as a cake topper? Also, what are the exact dimensions (how wide)?
Is this a bobblehead?
Can you move the arms and legs?
Does it break easily?
Are the arms, legs and body sturdy like the head, helmet and sword, or are they soft vinyl?
does the armor come of ???
The picture shows this comes with a download code for Lego Batman the video game. Does it really come with the download code?
what all is included in this set?
do you have to put the stickers on the vehicles or are they already on there?
What ages is the Lego Duplo Train for?
What ages do you think this is suitable for?
Are the numbers printed on the blocks, or are they applied stickers?
do you get the engine with this set?
What age child will like this?
Can the train cars from this set connect to the engine from the Lego Duplo "My First Train" set (are the hitches compatible)?
Will this work on the LEGO DUPLO Lego Ville Set #5609 Deluxe Train Set
how good does the hand hold on to the sword?
how many minifigures does it have?
how long is shipping
hi I just bought 3X LEGO Ninjago Kais Fire Mech 70500 , can i get them before JAN 14 ?? And they are all gifts, thank you!
how tall are the minifigures?
Are these Creator series legos compatible with regular legos?
Can LEGO people fit in the car?
Would this set be appropriate for a 6-year old boy?
Are these like Lego technic?
How big is it?
Can lego duplo blocks be used with mega blocks.?. It's for a 2 yr old
Would this be good for a 3.5 year old who has never played with Legos, or would a Junior set be better - i feel he may be too old for this set.
my grandsons are 18 mos. and 3 1/2...should I get them a duplo table or a lego table?
how many pieces are in this kit?
The box we received had one piece that was made of a different material - the scoop on the front loader. Is this normal?
is this a good toy for a boy?
are they small legos or larger sized
where are they made?
The ad says that the manufacturer's recommended age is 18 months to 5 years, but then it says WARNING: CHOKING HAZARD under 3 years. Which is it?
can the person sit on the horse? does it connect?
is this still available. I am having trouble ordering it?
Does this statue come in it's original packaging?
What kind of material is the dress stock made of
Was wondering if this is actually in stock and shipping before Dec? Saw some answers that say that is the case. Thanks.
Any idea when it'll be available?
Why does it say this comes out in December? Is this already out?
The item is in stock or will be released (pre-order)?
i want to order but i see preorder this item will be available december28 2014?!?
Is this statue plastic or clay?
Ships to Brazil?
how big is it?
Are the blocks compatible with Lego blocks?
The bottom part of the battery compartment was not included. What do I do? My son is really upset!
WHAT DOES THE FOX SAY?
What other Duplo sets would you recommend for a 1.5 old who is really into building cars in this set?
I'm looking at this for a blind child. Are the logos, traffic light colors raised or smooth?
my son loves cars but has never built anything with lego before. he turns 4 this June. Is he too old for this?
Can duple figures sit in these vehicles? My 2 year old grandson likes to put a "driver " in each car but these cars don't look open from the picture.
Do the vehicles have rolling wheels?
what is a good lego set for someone who needs help in developing hand muscles?
Are there three sets of wheels as shown?
Is this toy a]]ropriate for a 5 year old boy?
where is it made in?
What age toddlers
does it seat two pilots
what is the size of the toy, I mean the box that it shows in this page, I need to know in order to see if it fits a box to place it in.
is it fast
how is it for the money?
does it come with the 4 ninjas
what&Acirc;&acute;s the box size?
do you ship to sydney australia?
is it sold at toys r us
Can it cost $65.43 ?
How much is shipping to South Korea? how long shipping will take?
Are these the small Lego pieces?
how many lego pieces are in this box?
Will the LEGO princess fit atop a DUPLO tower?
I am going to get this for my mom. She loves Dragons. Do you think this will suit her?
how much does it weigh?
is it 100% new?
Is it easy to built? On average how long does it takes for a 9 year old boy to built this?
Does the 252 pieces mean that it comes with some basic lego parts too (bricks, etc)?
Does anyone think a 5 year old would enjoy this....as my son REALLY wants it. thank you
how playfull is it
what age group?
Can ship to indonesia?
Why is the Sword of Fire in this set when it was destroyed?
what are the horses made of? and do they come out of the stable to play with?
What are the overall dimensions of the stable?
Are the horses small enough to pose a choking hazard? AKA would they fit through the opening of a paper towel roll?
We have lost a few horses. Are replacements available?
Does the show horse stable fit Breyer 1:32 scale stablemates horses (~3 in high by 4 in long)?
Does anyone know if these horses will work with the Melissa and Doug Folding Horse Stable horses?
Will 5 inch tall horses fit in the stalls
What 8 breeds are included?
Does this fit my little ponies?
I understand the M&amp;D horse trailer is too small for these horses. Has anyone located a good fitting truck or trailer?
Does the pea come out of it's mouth or is it sewn in?
Is the pea shooter supposed to play music? I don't see it in the description but mine says "Squeeze Me" and only plays one chord?
Is there a bigger Peashooter than the 13.99 version?
Does it stand upon its own?
Did your pea shooter come without a pea in it's mouth?
whats with the duck tube zombie and the pea shooter figures. do they come with the plush pea shooter.
Does anyone know if this would work for a toddler-size bed? TIA!
One of the reviews says the top is open. Is this true?
does it have entrances opening on both sides that can be used facing the opposite way of the picture?
What is the height of this bed topper?
I would like to know how many Foam discs the robot comes with please?
Are ther refill disc, and if so, where can I buy them?
what size batteries?
are the 2 decks different colors?
How many decks in each package
how many decks do you need for 4 to 6 people
does this have two decks or 4
Is it ok for a 3 yr old ?
how long does the charge last
how fast dose it about fully charged
This set doesn't weigh 10 pounds, it should be 0.3 pounds like the other set of the same size?
Can these be used as cake toppers?
Is the mystery figure ALWAYS Starscream?
What does it mean by "Product does not convert"? Thanks!
Hello, could you tell me if these 3 Transformers (Optimus, Bumblebee and Jazz) came with a personal cardboard box, please ?
Does this set let you build in robot mode too? or is it just vehicles?
Are these interchangeable with Legos? Can he use these with the legos we have?
Please indicate age range
Are instructions included?
Does it have robot mode
Do they have instructions?
HOW BIG IS IT
Are the Rescue Bots figures for use with the Optimus Prime transport carrier?
I want to buy too the toy B006IMX18W. I need that you send in only one box these two transformers toy.&Acirc;&iquest;Is posibble this?How can I do?
Toy story
Do you ship to Canada? Is custom and duty costs covered in your shipping price?
Can you remove the drill part?
Is this the size that fits on the Optimus Prime Rescue Trailer?
When in vehicle mode, does two small, sharp screws poke out of the bottom of the vehicle? Wondering if this is normal on all of the Heatwaves.
Is this the rescue hero that can fit into the optimus prime rescue trailer?
what are the diminson of fire bot that goes to fire truck
How Many Pounds Weight
Are the arms and legs moveable when in robot mode?
how big this is
I saw a comment that these toy models are too simple for a 5yr old. If the case, why the pkg says for 3-7yrs? My son is almost 6 &amp; loves rescue bots.
Can you put water in the water cannon?
Many reviews mentioned a screw sticks out and damags the furniture. Has this problem been fixed?
How many whistles does it have?
Is the football part of it made out of Nerf foam (other than the whistle)? One of the questions/answers said it was hard so just curious.
How hard is the ball on this? I have the other version of the Vortex Howler and it is so hard that it hurts to catch it, which is why we stopped.
If I wanna order a big number of this product like 24 footballs and send them as international package (to Taiwan, how many boxes would you pack them?
Can anyone comment on the diameter of the football? I know this comes in a mega size and the pocket size, I'm trying to see if this is the pocket one?
how tall are these ponies
what age is this for
How tall are these figures?
What is the age group for these ponies?
What age child is it for?
Are these the size vehicle bots that fit on the Optimus Rescue Trailer? I can't understand why the vehicles wouldn't just come with the trailer.
What is the size?
What is the size
Says it includes figure. Does that mean there is another figure for use in the playsets such as the fire station? I don't understand...
does it have a remote control?
does this toy require a battery?
is this one brand new and in original packaging?
How Many Pounds Weight?
size of this product
can you confirm the exact shipping weight ? it says in the product info that its 10.2 pounds , but i believe this is too much , and if it is so , can the shipping weight be reduced ?
can optimus prime roll on his wheels
optimus primal vs megatron
This may be random, but for anyone who watched predacons rising, is optimus prime still alive or is he alive in a "way" without losing his identity? if you know what I mean.
In your opinion how fun and playable is this figure?
Does this figure have wings, if it does, is it removable?
does optimus come with a jetpack
Can a 5 year old transform this character
Which country is the kit from?
Does anyone know how many tattoos can be applied using this kit?
Which country is the kit from?
Can you put them in the freezer for an hour before introducing them?
How big are the snowballs? I'd like to use them to decorate a snow scene. Thanks!
How heavy are they? If we went outside to play, how close do you have to be in order to hit someone? Are they impossible to "throw" like a balloon?
Is the container they come in sturdy to use to store them?
Do you have a snow fortt
what are the snowballs made of?
how does it attach to tree
how many feet is it
Can 2 ladders somehow be attached to each other to make one longer ladder?
What is the width of the ladder?
Can this be cut shorter?
What is the distance between each rung?
can this be attached to a support beam of a house?
Could this be hung off the side of a sturdy deck?
how do you attach it to a tree?
how many feet is it
Must it hang from a tree, or could you hang it using the swing hangers on a swing set? It looks like there are metal rings at the ends of the ropes...
How does it attach to the tree
How can you attach this swing to an existing single rope (that I already have hung on a tree limb)?
directions say the tree branch needs to be 10-12 inches. our branch is more like 8 inches. Will this work? (in DIAMETER)
Do you know how much weight this swing will support?
Can a child swing by themselves on this by pumping their legs like on a regular swing?
I'm torn between this and a swing that twists. The kids like twisting, can this twist around?
how does the top of this swing hang?I can't see the top of the swing in the photo.
Do I need additional rope to reach a tree branch that's about 12-15ft high?
What is the frame like? It says "padded steel frame" but it just looks like metal bars to me. Can someone explain? Thanks!
I just received the Mota Rideon 12V toy car. It looks soooo small but the AD pic shows two kids ridding on it, Can it carry two kids?
On one of the Mota websites, it said it can operate with either a remote or by the child. Is this true?
Where can I find parts to buy for adventure car from mota toys
where can i purchase another battery for this thing please!!! and thank you
Are these cars plastic or die cast metal?
Hy, i would like to know the size of them?
Do these cars roll?
CAn it play other CD's besides what is furnished?
will it play regular cd's
does it have a microphone
what songs are on the disks?
Hi I have this in my cart to purchase but I need to know if it will arrive in Narberth Pa by 3/21. Shipping 3/12-3/13 or 18-26 business days?
Hi, my name is nicole and i was wondering what country this ships from?
does it come with the online code?
what is the age group for this, and where can you get more darts?
Where can I order new darts for this gun?
Do nerf darts work?
Do nerf darts work?
Does the gun use regular "Nerf" brand darts, too?
In descriptions written that it included autopilot. Is it write? Is it H301F or H301A model? Only H301A has autopilot option!
what kind of batteries and how many are needed to power the radio?
parts avable?
Does camera have night vision?
Can the wings come off???
Can you use some type of Fat Shark headset system inconjunction with the airplane controller to fly FPV with this plane?
can the plane do stunts
Does this plane have return to home feature?
in you tube videos, it says it has return to home feature. is this correct?
Would this plane be able to land on water?
is the remote good?
does this use batteries
It sounds like after a day or two you would actually WANT to break this thing. True? Anyone have suggestions for alternative helos that might be a better investment?
How long dose it fly
any advice to repair top roto that has stopped spinning? I've read reviews - just looking for help - haters need not apply!
can I purchase a charger for this helicopter?
what are the actual size of this helicopter? there are different dimensions. 9.5 or 19.5?
Why it will not fly
can you fly more than one in the area??? two kids... are the remotes "encoded" for each???
Does it need batteries
Do these batteries work with the Brookstone RC Stunt Copter? I'm looking to get some better flight time and was wondering if these would work. Thanks!
I have the Brookstone RC Stunt Copter charger. Will this charger work or will I need a different one?
Are these new batteries 3.7v that are used on Propel SpeedStar dual 3 and 4 channels helicopter?
Any issues with tail motors burning up with these? Because I've run two 130mah batteries back to back on a v911 and it fried the tail motor.
Will these batteries work with the Propel Combat helicopter?
do these batteries work with the rc hero h911 helicopter?
I have a Blade by Horizon Hobby, one BO=105 CB CX and other Blade Scout, will these batters work for these?
would this work with the syma f3
Will these work with the Blade Nano QX?
I just got these and they are 3 mm longer than the ones that came with my WL v911 helicopter. Will they work? I thought these were for it!
if u buy 2 of this will the cards gonna be the same?
will i get most of the cards in the picture
does it come with the deck box in the picture
does it come with all the cards in the picture?
What is the difference vs. the 2/ch model?
does it have a remote
The small prop at the top broke, and then the spare broke. Is there a way to order more spare parts? (Our packaging disappeared.)
We did not receive a manual. The ball does not go very high. How do we make it work better?
where can I get a replacement usb charging cable?
How do you change channels? We want to operate two in the same vicinity.
How do you charge it and does it come with a charger?
will it be cheaper on Black Friday
age range??
Can i use it outdoors?
How do we make the tower, before we start the game? Does it have a case to make the tower?
Is the stacking sleeve made out of plastic or cardboard? How sturdy is it?
can you play with multiple sets? for example, is it posible to go for 100 sticks tower?
Is it good for 7-9 years?
can you play this solo?
I'd like to use the pieces of this set for guests at a graduation party to write-on. Is this the larger version of Jenga? What size are the pieces?
are there logos on all 4 sides?
I see that some people say the wood is smooth and some that the wood is rough. Is it somewhere in the middle and just an opinion thing?
How sturdy is THIS version compared to the "Old" version? We LOVE the game and love the fact we can put it back in the original container and store.
how many wood pieces does it come with
Is there one made of better quality? Is this unit shipped with a battery?
How large is the device?
what kind of batterys?
Is there anyway I can shut off "bonus points". There are no "bonus points" is Yahtzee
Does it make the same sounds as the 95 version?
What else do you have to sell
Does this come with adapter (plug)? or does it only work with batteries ?
I'm thinking of buying for delivery to Europe...is the adaptor detachable from the unit?
does it has cds or we are going to buy cds?
What CD formats does it play.
is it both batt &amp;AC powered
If ordered in America, does this work in Europe?
Should i waste 15$ on this item
is this item good for a cake topper or is it too heavy/large? thinking about using it with the 2-3 inch animals on a cake.
Does this come with the helmet?
Should I get this for my 8 year old brother?
Does it have any articulation
Is this item new?? does it come in a box??
does the armor come off
how big is this China Girl ?
what is height of Oz doll?
Is the doll fully articulated?
material Mr. Oz is made of.. Porcelain or plastic? Thank you
Does it come with a stand for Oz?
Is this maneuverable like can it go fast go in mud rain water and still work and does the turret move 360&Acirc;&deg;Degrees and up and down
What size airsoft bbs does it take .12 gram .20 gram?
Are the tracks made out of metal or plastic?
Is there replacment drive wheels avaiable. The originals have been stripped, not very durable.
does it come assembled?
bought two for my nephews, now that the weather is good, they took them outside to play and one of them does not fire. what I do?
bought two for my nephews, now that the weather is good, they took them outside to play and one of them does not fire. what I do?
Does the turret move up and down and spin 360 degrees
Does this tank have lights?
After only a week, the main wheel/gear (front left) cracked and the tank will no longer move. Is there a place to purchase a replacement part?
does this have flappable wings?
does this have a code with it?
is it really 10.5" tall?
does thishave the code, thanks
For packaging is it in a box or an envelope??
How big is it
what is the best option for better quality and faster shipping???
how long does shipping usually take? Will I receive it before June 12th?
is this machine washable?
Which is the best seller to get it from
I ordered mine on November 2, 2014 what date will it arrive?
does this come with tags?
Hi, is this a toy with sounds and flashing lights and stuff? I am looking for just a fluffy without all that
can you ship this to Canada? and If so, I hope can get it before May 10
How tall is the handle of this stroller? I have a small 3 year old. Will she be able to push it herself?
Will this be too small for my almost 6 year old?
How tall is the handle of this stroller? I have a average 3.5 year old. Will she be able to push it herself?
do the wheels swivel?
please inform me of packing dimension and weight
Does this stroller fold down for easy storage?
What age range is this for?
is it easy to fold and put it away? how big is it when it's deflated and in storage bag?
Not clear based on the available answers, but if the slide is considered the front, is the pump connection on the right or on the back?
Is the front slide opening the only entry and exit? Or is there a velcroed opening on the left side for entry and exit?
For those who did research first, how did you decide on this vs. the My Bouncer 72"L x 72"W without slide? Does the slide make that much difference?
does it make noise constantly or just when you are inflating it
Our dog jumped in and punctured it pretty bad, is this think patchable?
Our dog jumped in and punctured it pretty bad, is this think patchable?
Is it possible to add the detachable ball pit to this bounce house? We are trying to decide between slide vs side ball pit. both would be great!
Is the slide too steep for an active 2 year old?
In Your Opinion how many kids would this bouncer safely accommodate at once? thinking to use it at a birthday with kids 1-4 and want to set rules
May I ask the specific differences between this new limited edition Batmobile vs. the other Batmobile y'all sell?
Where can I find the battery upgrade for this??
Would you ship this item to the UK? How much? Thanks! :)
can you please take a good measurement for me i am looking for the closest to 7" please?
hercules 35850 rear motor will not work has good connection but no rotation need motor
do these parts fit mod # 35850
how big are the main blades?
What are the measurements for these batteries. I need the same type but my quad brand doesn't seem to have parts so I have to look on my own.
batter for Syma X4 2.4G 4CH 6 Axis RC Quadcopter ?
Would it fit 1Si ?
Will this fit the syma UFO quad copter?
Will this fit the Hero RC H1 X1 Syma Quadcopter Viking Space Ship?
Does this fit in the x3?
does it work for the F1 syma helicopter?
We tried to fold it up, and felt like engineering failures. Can you please describe how to fold it properly so it fits back in the pouch? Thanks!
What is approximate size once popped up?
Does this tent have a floor? I want to put balls in it.
What is the recommended age for this float?
can a 26 lb baby fit in it? does it really hold up so baby doesnt get sun burn?
can a 3 months old b in it?
Is this appropriate for 4 month infant
How do you inflate this float?
This the truck plastic or metal?
What's the size of the vehicle?
is this the 2vehicle pack
How do you install the hitch?
is it for amrican dolls
where do you get the jeep?
Which Our Generation jeep goes with this and has the hitch. I ordered one but it doesn't have hitch and everyone I looked at has no hitch.
Why is it so expensive when it's $60 at Target?
Where in the camper is the hitch located? I got this for my daughter for Christmas and I can't find the hitch.
how tall is she??
What size shoes does My Size Barbie wear? Thank you.
Does the tiara come off? Is her dress connected to her body?
How does she sit? Does her knees bend?
Does her knees bend so she can sit?
the doll is walking?
what size is the child outfit?
What is the age requirement?
i received this car yesterday and had it plugged in to charge for five hour?, but i am getting no charge to battery. Help
does it go in grass?
does it have a seat belt?
im having trouble getting the wheels right. any help?
Where can I purchase another battery for this car? I bought this car and the battery doesn't stayed charged
Where can I purchase another battery for this car? I bought this car and the battery doesn't stayed charged
Is there an online manual available anywhere?
How can I purchase extra battery and charger as ours seems to no longer be working and we lost charger?
Is there a door that opens
Does it come with a human power generator? Batteries? Bells? Whistles? Flux Capacitor?
How much does it weigh ?
Does this trike go well on hard sand at the beach? Thank you.
I can not believe this is being sold for such an absurd price and people are actually buying it.?
make it hover and i'll buy it.
Why does it cost so much money?
dose it fly people
does it need app
Can you hover
Do those boards work on water?
Does it float or do you just get the board
I come from France and I want absolutly to buy a "Back to the Future Hoverboard", what should I do ?
Does it hover
Can you ride it
Do the balls need to go in some sort of bag in order to go into the washer and dryer or can they go directly in as is?
Are they washable?
Do these snowballs come with some game suggestions?
What are these made out of? Is there a specific description on container? PVC, nylon, cotton, etc.?
Can you use these outside in Arizona?
Are they heavy enough to throw across a very large room or theater stage?
How big is the container they come in? Could it fit in a big stocking?
are they heavy enough to break lamps, etc.?
How many do you need to make this activity "fun" for a family of 4? 40? 80? more?
Hello! If I order the indoor snowball fight 40 pack with free shipping how fast can I expect it to be delivered to Downers Grove, IL?
Do they match the brio trains?
Does this work with Thomas TrackMaster trains ?
Is this set enough to make lots of good circuits or will I need to buy more curves/straights? This will be our first track purchase, not an add-on.
Hi, do these tracks work with the Toysrus Imaginarium Express Wooden Train set?
Does this work with the battery operated Thomas trains? Our curved ikea tracks do not work for the battery operated.
Do these tracks also work with kidkraft ones?
does it work with take in play Thomas trains?
Compatible with IKEA tracks?
Are the wheels plastic or rubber?
Does it fold up?
Is the stroller frame metal or plastic? Also, where it is manufactured?
Can a two year old operate the buckle independently? I don't want to have to do this for her every couple of minutes.
How durable is this? I'm pretty sure it's inevitable my 2 y.o. will try and sit in it at some point.
Does it come completely assembled?
does it comes with a stand.?
Is this gundam 1/100?
is he a action figure
how tall is he
can the Testament gundam be used with this strikes back pack system.
whats the scale for this gundam?
Where is the swing? It says its a swing and slide playhouse?
Would the Kidkraft retro kitchen &amp; fridge fit in this thing? 25.9 x 13.8 x 26.2 inches are the stated dimensions
What color is this house? I am hearing pink? The picture looks like a light/ faded red?
How tall is the door? And celiing height inside?
Hello, what are the measures in cm? is it a house fit for a 6 year old? do you carry bigger sizes? does it come with the swing?
Are the windows real/ plexiglass? I want to put it outside and be able to have the kids stay dry when it rains.
When it is shipped is it already assembled or does it come in pieces that I have to assemble?
Could this go inside? Our basement playroom has high ceilings and we'd like to put it in there.
how wide is it inside? fit how many kids? And where does the slide start in terms of depth? Wondering if it will fit in a space we have outside.
Any customers that own this playhouse have the interior dimensions of the playhouse? I have been doing research on this house and every site has diff
What is the warranty on the wood and other components? Thanks
What is the distance from the edge of the swing set to the far side of the slide? We are fitting it between a patio and a tree. Thank you.
What type of wood is this playset made out of? Is it treated?
Is this only compatible with apple products? Or can we use android?
how fast does it go
Does it record with sounds?
Is this compatible with iOS 4.2?
Is the tank the same color as shown? Meaning, is the nose of the tank WHITE? Thanks.
Does this work with the iPod Touch - 5th Generation?
Can I use Android Os on a Visual Landing Tablet?
HappyCow 777-287 Tank says (random color) and the text says I can choose the color. Where do I get to choose? I prefer the standard size in white?
how long dose it run
does it use ad hoc wifi only or can it be logged onto a router (so you can port forward and control it from anywhere in the world)
What radio is compatible with this receiver?
Can it fit in a 1/16 e-revo
Does it work with DX4e?
does this work with the DX3E
Does this work with the DX3C
does this come with a bind plug?
How do you hang it?
what are the measuerments, when folded?
what is the diameter of the flower?
Can you please tell me the weight of this canopy?
Does this come with the door enterance as well?
How does this train run,battery, electric?
can you add on? cars, railing, bridges etc&acirc;&#128;&brvbar;.
Where is the switch to turn off the smoke?
how many feet of track are included in the set?
My son got this train for Christmas It runs when it's not on the track but as soon as you set it down it cannot bear any weight.
What is the scale of the track and train or closest to scale?
How do you turn off the sound? The switch seems to control the motor not the speaker.
Can i get extra track for this train?
what is the ages for the train set?
the engine won't work sometime, it seems it gets stuck while rotating. any suggestions?
What is the size of the card holding area? I play SW XWing and there are mini cards with the game andThe length measures the width of a standard card
Does the box comes with sleeves?
can this deck box hold two double sleeved yugioh 44 card deck with 15 double sleeved extra deck
why does this Item Weight: 3.7 ounces but Shipping Weight: is 1.5 pounds?
what are the dimensions of the product? i am wondering whether it will be able to fit in a standard card box for Magic the Gathering.
Is this the new pandasaurus games edition?
Is this in stock or is this for a pre-order?
Why are you extorting such a high price??
is it english version?
what are the dimensions of the case?
Can it hold a 20 sided dice in the bottom compartment
How many cards without sleeves can this box hold?
is the part in the bottom that holds the dice a drawer? I.e. it slides out? Is it the same as the pro tower deck case that Amazon sells?
I usually keep track of my counters with 16mm d6 dice when playing Magic. Is the bottom compartment large enough to accommodate that size?
does it come with sleeveshh
Do you need to be familiar with the original "Bang" to understand and enjoy this game?
Am I missing out on the expansion cards from the cowboy version of Bang, or did they consolidate and include these cards in Samurai Sword?
is the game violent for younger children
Do the train cars hook together with magnets?
Can you tell me the size of the table? Thank you.
Is this table big enough to play trains? Do you wish you had a bigger table?
Can you use this table for other activities? such as Lego building, eating, or drawing? and is it sturdy?
Do the "Thomas Wooden Railway" series trains fit on the tracks?
Will Thomas battery operated engines run on these tracks? Is there any room to add a small accessory track piece such Thomas Wooden Search Lite?
Does anyone have directions how to put together we lost ours
What is this made out of? Is it solid wood or are parts pressboard/MDF?
What is this made out of? Is it solid wood or are parts pressboard/MDF?
Does it work with other die cast trains like Thomas and Chugginton?
How much articulated is this figure? can it split the legs?
how many articulation points are there
Is the figure still in the box, or is it a loose figure?
Does it remember trim settings when the rate is changed?
Does this transmitter include the receiver?
Is this transmitter the one with the v2 firmware version or the old one? How can i now that? Thanks!
This does use the Flysky Protocol I assume, so does that mean it will bind with a v911, etc.? Thanks.
Does the receiver output as ppm?
Will a KK flight controller work ok with this receiver? What kind of range can I expect from tx/to rx?
Can you hook two escs into two different channels and domdifferential thrust mix?
how many channels is the receiver
Hello, I would like known if this Flysky Transmitter came with the receiver together ?
Will it work for the blades nano Qx
the instructions indicate there should be 7 role cards and 26 character cards. my box had only 3 role cards and 16 character cards...returning it but im wondering if anyone else had this issue, or if I can be reasonably sure it was just a fluke and go...
what language is the game? is it in italian?
In comparison to "BANG! (La Pallottola!) The Bullet!" Does this set have more or less the same cards?
In comparison to "BANG! (La Pallottola!) The Bullet!" Does this set have more or less the same cards?
Is this toy a remote control power ranger item?
why are you selling this item for an overpriced value?
What size
does it comw with rider
Is this figure 4" or 8.2"?? The description says both.
size
How big is this Pink Ranger? It says 4inch but the dimensions represent larger. I am looking for the larger rangers. A lot bigger than the 4 inch .
How do you play the game using the cards and morpher?
I know this was asked earlier, but do the keys in the shape of the Power Rangers work with the Gosei morpher? How?
Is there a trick to this? when we put card in it only says the name of the power ranger.
The unit I bought for my son only says "Go Go Megaforce" no matter what card I put in. I've put it in every direction and still nothing.
Do keys work with this?
Does this come with a full deck?
is this new in box
What is the name of the 10 card pack included with the morphor?
Wich is the cost of shipping if I'm from Ecuador?
What kind of batteries does it take
does charger light stays on ? how do you know the battrey has been fully charged?
What battery connector does this use? (What type of connector do I need to connect these batteries to my RC?)
is this battery pack going to work with Radio shack RC vehicle
Can you give dimentions in inches and not approximate
What are the size of the battery Packs ???
Will this work on a new bright 9.6v corvette
My battery plug has female ends,these batteries look female also. My question is, can I change the ends without destroying the batteries?
Reviewers say that they only receive one battery pack when this item says that it comes with two battery packs and a charger. Can you confirm?
Anyone know if these will work with a RadioShack XMODS 1/16th scale buggy?
Will this battery pack work for the Polar Express O gauge train?
Can you fit a lego guy in it
Is there any better instructions available for this? Mother and granddaughter unable to understand?
suitable for a 5 year old?
does it drop bombs?
What is the age and weight range
What age range is it geared towards? Too small for a 5 year old?
Can you reverse and steer the car left and right with the remote?
Does the car come assembled already in the box or I have to assemble it myself?
Does this car have 2 motors (one for each rear wheel) or is it cheaper w/ just 1 motor for both rear wheels? You should be able to check under the car
How long does a charge last and how long does it take to fully charge?
Can I order a new battery charger for this car?? /misplaced the original one!!!
Is the batmobile black or blue?
Do these tracks work with the IKEA wooden train track set?
are these tracks grooved on both sides?
What is the thickness of these tracks? I am asking because of the compatibility with kidkraft. Thanks.
Which Thomas trains work best with these tracks? Do any of the motorized trains work? Thanks
Do these tracks work with Imaginarium Expresss Train Tracks?
are they compatible with brio?
Will these fit in with the Melissa and Doug track pieces by chance?
Where is it made?
Will these work with the Kidkraft Disney Cars table? The wooden tracks look just like the Thomas ones to me and it looks as though they will fit?
Has anyone used these tracks with the Toys R Us Imaginarium City Central Train Table?
Is this too basic for a 13 year old?
Is it ok for a 5 year old? Or is it too heavy?
you can see others in the dark, but can they see YOU? Wondering if there is a light bleed or beam? ie are they really stealth?
do the lights on the sides light up or just fake.
Is the blower really low noise? Could you compare it to something?
How many balls are required for an actual fun ball pit experience? Toddlers ... 2 &amp; 4
Some pics show mesh between the house and ball pit to be velcrow all the way down. Other pics show the mesh to be open in a half cirlce. which is it?
Is there any support underneath the ball pit area or is it just a liner with no "bounce" to it?
Can this bounce house be used outdoors as well or just indoors?
Does the blower have to be on the whole time? I'm looking for something that I can just blow up and leave up. These all look like the blower has to be
How big is the ball pit area?
How many toddlers (about 25lbs each) play at the same time?
I plan on leaving this in our yard. When deflated, what type of cover do you recommend I place over the bouncer? It gets really windy where we live.
Can you use the ball pit area as a pool with water in it?
Does it come with the pink swimsuit shown?
What is the length of the doll?
how long does it take to dry off?
Are the mask, fins, and wings removable for play outside of the tub? Or is the gear permanently attached to baby?
do this doll's eyes open and close?
Does the face look different from the Calin doll &amp; will it dry easily without getting moldy?
Is the doll suitable for a 6 year old.
Is this doll made in the USA?
Does this set come with the doll?
Does this doll have a cloth body like the tiddo dolls or is it all vinyl?
Can this doll wear regular 14" doll clothes, or do you have to get Corolle clothes for them in order for them to fit properly?
does her headband come off?
Does she have a weighted bottom so she can sit by herself?
Is this a soft bodied doll? If so, does this doll have a weighted bottom so she can sit by herself? Deciding between this &amp; Mon B&Atilde;&copy;b&Atilde;&copy; Classique Blond
Do her eyes open and close
what color are her eyes?
Can you wash her hair? It says you can wash the doll's hair in the description of some of the similar Corolle dolls, but it's not clear for this one.
Can this doll sit or stand on her own? Are the arms &amp; legs poseable or is her body weighted to keep her balanced in a sitting position? Thanks!
I'm comparing this doll to the Melissa Doug Jenna doll. I like them both but wandering if a two year would love this baby doll? Undecided
Can this doll use a pacifier?
Can it be taken in the tub?
Can you take it in the tub
what size is she?
SOMEbody please tell me! Is there a difference in the actual face and eyes of THIS doll or BeBe Calin Charming Pastel Baby Doll or Bebe Calin Cuddle D
Does she come with a pacifier? If not, which pacifiers will fit?
What color is the "hair"? I looking at this for a blue eyed, very light biracial little girl.
Are her eyes brown or blue? I'm trying to find a brown eyed doll for my brown eyed girl.
What is the difference in the body of the Bebe Calin and the Baby Tidoo doll?
Does the doll come with the headband and dress shown in picture?
Is the body white or flesh-tone?
Is this doll machine washable?
Is the body vinyl also? Arms &amp; legs movable?
Is this doll able to use the pacifiers that are sold separate for corolle dolls?
Does the pacifier stay in her mouth?
How long do you have to hang the baby to dry?
Do the clothes come off of this doll and if so, are there other clothes you can buy for it?
I'm debating between this doll and a regular Corolle doll. My daughter drags her toys everywhere, I'm thinking this would be easy to wash. Thoughts?
how big is it
It's called a 'boy' doll. Is he anatomically correct? Thank you.
how long is the doll?
Does this doll have actual hair or is it just painted on?
Where is this doll manufactured? Thanks for any help.
I'm concerned about the scent. Is it really strong and chemical smelling? Want to buy for granddaughter and grandson, but have misgivings about scen
Does this baby come with a pacifier?
Is it always in the same position?
Does it come with pacifier?
does this doll float in water?
How many inches is this doll?
Why is it not possible to send this to either the UK or the Middle East?
are the cards english?
How many packs come in the box?
if I already have a pretty stacked deck is this worth it
are spell and trap cards included?
Do the cards come in a case or are they just in a box?
the shipping Shipping Weight is really 11 pounds?
are they real 1st edition or unlimited edition cards
Are they GX or the original YuGiOh cards?
is it 200 card's or only a few cards
All the stuff on the pic is there right???
is it all old cards or both new and old card
DOES IT HAVE 1 GOD CARD
What's included in the bundle? Turntable?
Does the round house hook easily to the tracks - how does it hook up, and is it open in the back?
Hello! Does this fit on the Thomas &amp; Friends Grow with Me Train Table? A reviewer mentioned this might be too large for a table...
What is the difference between the new and older model mentioned?
Do larger tender engines like Sam,Hiro and Hank fit on the turntable?
Is this compatible with Mellisa &amp;Doug tracks?
Will this work with the Chuggington wooden train tracks?
does it fit melissa ad doug train sets
We have the Thomas set from learning curve, will it fit with fisher-price? Thanks!
Does the round table come with the round house?
Does silver and gold come in it
Have you used these on an inside chalk board?
Some reviewers here say the colors stain the driveway, portico, clothes. Does this chalk stain?
Has anyone used these on a wall painted with chalkboard paint? Does it come off OK?
Does this come off fine from a chalkboard?
Will this stain clothing or does it come out in the washer?
Are these square or triangular shaped?
Is there black chalk?
what are the linear (ie LxWxD) dimensions of the pieces? Their weight?
are these wrapped in plastic? I was hoping to open the box and use for easter basket fillers.
what color do they come in?
Are all the blocks the same size?
are these red?
What is the size of the blocks?
How big are these figures?
Are they on bases?
how big are the figurines?
I thought according to the rules, you are supposed to mount the wheels on the precut slots. Will we get disqualified if we use this tool to drill axel
The description says that it can be used with Awana cars but I am skeptical because Pinewood Derby cars and Awana cars have different axle diameters.
Does this tool work for YMCA derby cars such as the S&amp;W style with the round dowel axels?
is this tool able to drill into original slots or just to modify into a diff position?
Will this work for the YMCA style card with the dowel style axles?
For cub scout derby cars, do the holes align to the regulation slots that come standard on the wood block to ensure rule compliance?
Does this light up
The lightsaber appears to have a blue light. Is that correct?
Can the lightbulb be replaced? if so, how?
I have this toy at home but can not find where to change batteries or where it opens up to put them...anyone know where?
Does the light saber colapse all the way, so no blue is showing?
does it come in other colors?
Does this product need batteries?
Is there a belt clip on this model?
What type batteries are needed and are they included?
My son wants to know, does the blade go all the way in and does it lock in place?
would this be a good belt to get wrestlers to autograpgh?
what ages are considered kids?
Hi I would like to konw how much it weight?
Will this fit on an Adult, size 38 Waist?
Will this fit on a size 30-32 waist?
Being RTF does this little guy include a transmitter out of the box?
what protection guard cover will work on the Traxxas model 6208,6207
This also has a camera?
i have a spectrum dx7..will this quad bind to this controller?
can it hold a go pro?
how long does it fly befor it needs to be charged?
I'd like to ask if you ship this item to Ireland and how much doeas it coct?
Do you get a transmitter with your order?
The thing i would like to know is are you going to able to send me a blue color.
Is the item durable?
can this heli be binded to a 4ch v911 transmitter? WL toys transmitter
Can the glove controller be used left-handed?
What colors does it come in
Can girls above 12 use this luggage case?
what size is it?
What are the dimensions?
what are its measurments
what is the size? height and width?
truck measurements
Thanks, that is ok. I wonder if you can custom made 3.5 cm stones out of YunZi materials, and give me a price. Thanks
HI, I already bought one. Really like having it large on a carpet. Just curious, what are stones make off? Are they plastic or Yun Zi?
There would generally be 180 white and 181 black stones in a set-why so many fewer?
What is age group for these switch &amp; Go Dinos?
I've seen that some of the other dinos have harsh phrases. Does this one?
They can come in Spanish language?
Does this dino say "down on your knees and Obey your master"?
Does this Black Vtech switch and Go Dino have any questionable phrases it says like some of the other colors?
Does the MC Roar shoot a weapon.
What kind of batteries does this toy require?
I've seen that some of the other dinos have harsh phrases. Does this one?
what age range?
how big is the toy?
Can the Egg Beats Speaker Dock be used on tthe Ipod Touch as well?
Can it be used with ipads?
Is there a need for this if your iPod Touch is a few years old &amp; doesn't have an external speaker-have to play through headphones or a speaker device?
does it work on iphone 5c?
Does it work with iPhone 5 s.
Do you have pink
does it work on android?
can they be used for ipods
Which is better...iPhone&reg; 4 &amp; 5 Silicone Egg Speaker Amplifier or Egg Beats?
Do you need the lego Technic power Function accessory box set to go with this, in order to make it work?
Does it self Propel or is are the spinning fans for show only?
Can you use the LEGO Power Functions Motor Set 8293 to motorize this kit?
Does this hovercraft transform by itself?
Can you use this with the Lego Mindstrom EV3 system?
hello. could you send it to france and how much please ? thanks
Does the steering mechanism for the "driver" turn the car wheels? My grandson wants to be able to build a car that can be turned one direction or the other. With the pull-back motor, I wondered if the wheels just go in a straight line.
can you use the technic motor set with this car?
Did the front axil break? If so, go to lego.com and click missing parts at the bottom. Go through the steps and lego will send you the replacement part(s) as needed. I'm currently waiting on the axil.
Do you have to buy a power pack and or a remote to operate these?
Is this train red or orange in color?
is this particular train the right size to go on the wooden thomas track
does it come in the original package? thanks
Does the cargo car disconnect from the Thomas car? If so, how long is the Thomas car by itself? Thanks!
Do the batteries make the wheels on the engine move to pull the train?
Do you need to have the wooden rail system for this toy to be useful?
How does the size of the wooden trains compare to the diecast trains? My son has the diecast set but I'd like to add this one for his birthday.
on the engine it has the number one - it is the childs 3rd birthday - can it show 3
what are the dimensions out of the box?
what are the dimensions out of the box?
Does the cake detach from its car? Is there a magnet piece in the cake so that it could be lifted by Harold the helicopter or a crane?
batteries
Can battery Thomas trains go on wooden track?
I want to glue this to our table, I built. I need to know if this track will fit. From end to end and side to side. What are the dimensions, please.
Do these wooden tracks fit with Chuggigton wooden tracks?
Do these wooden tracks fit with Chuggigton wooden trains?
Is this safe for a two year old? The wooden cars are labeled for 2 yrs+ but the track for 3+. Any thoughts?
How high is the bridge?
Will all the Thomas motorized cars fit through that hopper
Are the tracks reversible? Do they have rail on one side, road on the other, or just rail, or is it a flat base?
Do these wooden tracks fit with Brio and/or Doug &amp; Melissa wooden tracks?
Is this real wood or particle board?
what all does this table come with?
Can you tell me the size of the table.
Who is the manufacturer of this table?
do you know the size of the box? Can i document this as a luggage in a plane?
How high is this train table?
I know the Thomas the trains work with it, but do the thomas wooden train tracks work with it?
What are the dimensions of the table? (There seems to be some discrepancy)
can you bolt these tracks down to the table???
What is the difference between this table and the one that a certain major toy store sells for a different price?
What is the size? Height? Diameter of wheel?
Is this item power operated via batteries or a plug in?
Is this item already assembled?
Why the battery is it an electromagnet?
There's no such thing as perpetual energy. What keeps this going ?
Is this made out of plastic or metal?
Is this made out of plastic or metal?
Is this thing supposed to spin in circles or back and forth? Also, how long does the battery(s) last?
mine broke. tried replacing the betteries but nothing happend
I'm interested in buying this and Newton's Cradle - 7 inch Plastic Base, can you tell me how much will be with shipping via registered mail to Mexico?
What size?
what size are these ?
what size are these? 3 " x 3" ? or bigger? need to use for alternate game.
what size are they
I am having trouble putting the plastice sleeve sprocket into the rear wheel. The sprocket appears too large for the wheel. Any advice?
Is there an on off switch
Many parts are missing. how do I get replacement parts? Also, be aware that you cannot return this item to amazon.
This spare parts of this motorcycle is separated in the box?
How do I get motor to remain still it keeps moving and causing it to stop
How do you charge this thing??? Help...my son lives it even though it s a terrible product...where do you charge it? Can't even figure out which charg
How fast will it go and is there a pedal on the floor or is it finger push?
will this go on grass? assuming not. but figured i'd ask.
Where is the battery charger port-can't find when we put together.
can you buy replacement batteries without going back to the manufacture
I don't see where under the seat to actually plug in the charger?
Where do you plug the charger
My bike will not work. If I press the pedal it works when it's plugged in, but not when I remove it. Suggestions?
I guess that the bike has stopped holding a charge. It only goes for a couple minutes. Do I need to buy a new battery? If so, where/how?
I bought one of these 3 days ago for my 2 year old we put it together but a yellow wire came off and now the thing does not what do i do
Hi, i bought the motorcicle, its been charging for 9 hours and isnt work. How long its take to startimg to work? Im really worried , maybe its damage!
I bought the motorcicle its been charging for 9 hours but isnt work. How long its take to start work?
Who is the manufacturer? We have a defective part and would like to request a replacement part
I need a replacement battery charger. How do I find one?
We have three cords (two red, one black). Where does the extra red cord go?
please tell me anyone is that pyraminx awesome? is it fast?
please tell me anyone is that pyraminx awesome? is it fast?
can the stickers peel off
What are the dimensions of this?
Does it pop
Does it feel greasy
Is this larger than the Kinder "mini"? They look the same, but have different names. (I'm looking for a two year old).
work for a 5 year old?
I have a tall (~36") and very precocious 21-month old, thinking of getting this for his 2nd birthday. Will it be too big for him?
What is the youngest age for riding this bike? Also, can pedals be added to this bike later on?
43 x 22 x 29 inches ; 35 pounds Is 29'' the height?
Do you sell this car with a 12V battery instead of 6V?
does this come assembled?
Does this car fit more than one child?
Can you give more information for the Age and wight
Hi! We love this car, but our dog chewed our AC/DC adaptor. Can we order a new one?
Can the additional battery and the car be sent to a P.O. box in the U.S.A?
how much does and aditional (replacement) battery for a sporttrax burgatti car cost?
Which is the distance between the wheeldrive and the backseat?
what are the Deminsions of the sticker on the outside door?
does it come with the stickers on the side or do you put the stickers on during assembly?
can go two children in the car, and what is the maximum weight?
I bought 2 SportTrax Bugatti &amp; 1 is now fail to drive. Do you sell the replacement motor or battery?
Does it go on grass?
does the door open? also is this better or a 12v car? in practice how many minutes drive time does it give?
is 6V enough to keep a 3 year old happy? Will it go as fast as a 6V? What is the maximum speed you've been able to go?
how do you charge it? Do you have to unplug the battery to a charger? Any Pictures will be appreciated. Thanks in advance!
Does it come with a seatbelt
can the car run on the lawn?
Do you have to buy a battery?
WHAT IS THE AGE AND WEIGHT ON THIS CAR?
Does this ride well on grass?
Are you still getting the Pink Bugatti back in stock? I had emailed in August and was told maybe October.
does this car comes with the chargable battery
do sell extra parent remote controls? my antenna broke off and now it doesn't work and I just purchased the car about 6 months ago.
Does the car reverse. Also the battery life is so short, is there a way to purchase a back up battery. Pls tell me were and the cost
How long dows the delivery take ?
do the door open
How big are they?
What are their tails made out of? Are they well attached or at risk of being pulled off?
Is the baby in the pouch a standing figure or in a sitting position?
does the baby come out from the pouch
Does the baby have jointed limbs too? Or is he stuck in one position?
this boat is ready to run ?
how fast the boat is ?
Can this boat run in salt water?
What battery does it use
What is the max range between the boat and remote?
What is it made of?
How do you stop the draining thing from getting water into the boat once I put it in the boat starts fluding and then it it comes back out how do you?
what type of plug does it need for the battery
what type of battery ply does it need
how long does the battery last for
Can you leave the light turned on, or do you need to press the button all the time?
how hard is this for a 4 year old to transform?
is this toy actually out yet?
anyone else think its interesting that anyone who didn't give him five stars, was considered not helpful?
What is the difference between Furby Plush &amp; Furby Boom.
can I download the app to a tablet?
is there any difference in what the different versions can do?.
What is the difference between Furby Plush and Furby Boom 2013
does it take batteries or do you charge it?
Works with android??
good day. i want to buy this toy but i have 2 questions. is this an original mattel furby? and how many centimeters have the box? thank you
can Furby speak spanish?
can Furby speak spanish?
Is this a 4wd car? I would love to purchase one.
hi i got a couple of questions does it have head and tail lights,can the wheels be changed and does the car looks like the one on the picture?
does it have lights
is it long fur or short fur?
is TED made in USA
Is this Very Small? or is it Big Enough for you?
ARE YOU TAKING YOURS NEXT YEAR TO SEE TED 2? in 2015?
I am looking for the plush bear as described "Rated R with 12 Phrases" not the PG one. If I order this, can you tell me which one I will get? PG or R
If i buy this item. Can you sent it to me with UPS?
In this Ted, can you replace the batteries?
So what kand of shipment do you use? UPS or USPS. It's not allowed me to use P.O.BOX addres
Is this Ted speaks bad words?
what are the dimensions (length, width, height) of just the battery not including the wires?
how long is delivery to jacksonville fla 32250;because I just ordered one from another seller and its going to take a month to get here
Is this battery compatable with my heli-max sq1? [no camera]
Will this work in the Sky Walker 1306 quadcopter?
Does it work for the Hubsan X4 H107L Improved Version?
The product description says the figures are 4 inches high but the answer to the question here says 8 inches. Can you please clarify? Thanks!
how tall is those figures?
Can you ship to Canada
Do you ship to Canada
Do you shjip to canada
do you just get 3 random??
did you get any of the same squshie twice?
How many do u get?
Are they jumbo size?
can i plz pick my own squishies
AAre they really squishy
What are the 3 squishies
Whats the length in diameter of one squishie?
do you get all of them
would the squishies that i get be on the squishyies showed below?
Mr.Yu Okada I can not find (Tokyo Shop) in list, make it easy and send the link to me.
Mr.Yu Okada please send to me the like I do not know how to get your store.
Is this item availble in store ? I want to buy (I hope to emphasize).Thanks
how tall are the cups?
is this suitable for a 6 year old
Where is it made?
How many inches high is the tea cup? The tea pot?
What is the size of the cups in this set? Are they miniature or are they a decent size for little girls to drink from and really play with?
Does the teapot really not pour? In the picture there is a hole in the spout, is this just decorative?
Dose it come with all the pieces to put together to fly
Does this frame have the PCB bottom plate(electrical pads for connections)?
What is the battery life of this quadcopter.
dose it com with a remote?
does the copter have firmware to be programed in
What hardware did you use to mount your motors to the frame (countersunk screws with the metal mounting bracket that came with the motor)?
How many inches tall are the dolls?
what material is the dresses? Are the dolls able to sit in a chair?
Does any glitter at all come off on your hands from the dresses?
Can the dolls stand up independently?
Does the child have to have a LeapFrog accessory of some kind to use this or is it a self contained toy?
Are the animal tiles magnetic?
Dose it stick on the fridge?
What age child is this toy for?
Is it really for the Trackmaster trains or the Take-N-Play sets?
would the flexi track pack work with the Thomas starter trainset
Could this be used to make a simple circle track for one of the trackmaster trains to run on? I just need to to make a circle to go around a cake I am doing Thomas theme, and want a Henry train moving around the cake.
can it move without the battery?
how long is the engine and other 2 cars?
Does this set include the tracks?
What is the height of the train engine from bottom of wheels on up? Does this engine fit under the Thomas Coal Hopper Figure 8 Train set bridge?
Does this train work with the Melissa &amp; Doug tracks?
Does it work good? We have Brio track and want to make sure it runs perfect on the Brio track.
How wide are the cars?
Will it run on the floor and not just a track and what is the size.
Can you tell me how wide wheels are set? I want to be sure it will fit on my kid's train table. Thank you.
Does this engine go backwards as well?
How high is the table from the floor?
length and width of table
does the table tilt a bit?
what are the dimensions
Is it possible to use the top without the legs? I love the top but we have different preferences on seating here.
What are the dimensions of the table when it is folded? I want to know if we can store it under our couch.
Is the table in one piece or does it need assembling?
how tall is table
does this table have a cover to store away?
How large is this table? Width, heighth?
Is this for the rerelease or original run?
Is this figurine fully articulated?
shipped from China, is this a "True Original release" of the "Figma : Sword Art Online Kirito"??
What is the height of this figure?
rerelease? so pricy
why does his expression change in the photo can you change it ?
why do they always change the price first it was 50 now it is 80 why
how tall is it
Is this Figma a bootleg?
Is the transmitter included?
What makes this one so much more expensive than the v911?
Do you experience any malfunction(s) in controlling the helicopter e.g., cannot turn left or right?
Can the heli fly upside down?
Can i bind this transmitter to my v911?
Is this heli collective pitch?
Is it 6 axis gyro
Are these dinner or dessert plates ?
how many plates are in the package?
How many plates per package?
how many plates in a pack?
Are these the dots and the word "Yum" on these napkins red or more orange-ish? Thanks.
Are these beverage/cocktail-sized or lunch-sized? Thanks!
How many napkins come in one set?
HOW MANY COME IN A PACK?
Does it really make sounds and move like tribbles in the episode?
How large is this?
Is it soft?
HI&#129;CI have just got my tribble. How could I let it make sounds and viberate?
IS THIS THE SAME SIZE AS THE S022G? THANKS
If I buy 2 for my boys will the controllers interfer with one another?
does it fiy out doors well?
How long is the flight time?
Does this have a gyroscope?
I only want camo and this says s34camo, so will I be sure to get a camo?
Do you have any camouflage ones in stock?
Does anyone know where to get a replacement controller? I have the older S022 and can't get the controller to power on with full batteries.
Is this the new 2.4 GHz model WITH gyro?
When they say it is 11.5" long, are they including or not including the rotors?
Any insight on how to get the remote control to connect to the helicopter consistently?
does this heli charge through the transmitter or with a usb? Thanks Mark
Why is this CH-47 is labeled Marines when the Chinook is an army Helicopter?
how well does fly outside?
left throttle should be loose or springy like right...i think its broken?
Flys good for about 30 seconds into each flight after being fully charged and then it will lose power and sink to about 6 inches off the ground? help?
This helicopter does measure to 18" correct?
Any insight on how to get the remote control to connect to the helicopter consistently?
Can I upgrade the battery? How large can I go and which model is best?
Is this the new 2.4 GHz model WITH gyro?
What is the difference between the furby Plush and Boom?
the furby is configurable to Spanish?
do you have to have an iphone to use it?
I need spanish speaking new furby.
Deliver in Brazil ?
Are the wheels made out of rubber or plastic?
Does this scoot fold up?
What are the dimensions of the deck or platform?
Can i use it for a 24 months toddlers on carpets
Is this difficult to assemble?
Can we fold this. I mean fold it and put in a bag. I want to carry it to India
Hi, can you tell what are the dimension of the package before assemble the scooter?
what is the age
What is the maximum weight?
what is the recommended age for this product
Can the scooter be folded down to make it more compact for taking places?
How does this compare to razor jr. kiddie kick scooter?
is this scooter too small for a five year old
How much does the scooter weigh?
Can you steer / pivot the front wheels for easy turning?
do the handle bars turn the wheels easily?
are there sparkles in/on the scooter?
I'm from Argentina, you can send it to south america?
Is it adjustable
What are the dimensions ?
does it come with wheels
Are the wheels bearing wheels?
This comes with a fingerboard?
what are the dimensions of this table?
Can the track layout be set up different ways?
Is this track compatible for Thomas train set?
Are the tracks compatible with other wooden tracks so we can add on to the layout?
What tools required for assembly?
What is the difference between the two products - " U816A &amp; U817A "? and What is the material of the canopy?
How do you connect the remote to the copter?
can you attach MJK Ariel camera to it
doe's it work well outdoors ?
whats in the box?
How do I turn the copter off? Right now, I have to turn off the controller and unplug the battery connector in order to turn it back on.
Can I carry this to India, as the allowed frequency in India is 27MHz I think. I read somewhere like "Radio controlled helicopters: only those operating at 27 Mhz are permitted".
IF I bought two for brothers to play with, can they use them at the same time?
how long do you charge it
where can i go to learn how to fly my drone? i live in jamaica ny
What movies come with the collection?
are they in widescreen?
is this properly licensed?
Is the English audio the Disney remakes?
Do all the movies come with english audio and are good quality?
Do all movies have audio in Mandarin Chinese?
Hello, there is French Subtitles?
Do these include japanese subtitles as well? (I'm interested in watching japanese audio with japanese subtitles.)
Are the movies in English?
Is the English audio the Disney remakes?
The last picture shows both Pit ans Pitoo (Dark Pit). I am guessing Pit is the only one included?
Is it still in the box?
I remember when this was about $110. Now it's over $150. Are you sure it's worth saving up for?
In the pictures, there were different poses, wrist cuffs, etc. Are those sold separately, interchangeable parts, or do you move them into place?
Does this release have the official stickers?
does this figma come with the first edition cards?
Would you say it I should get Pit and Dark pit or only one of them?
Would you say it I should get Pit and Dark pit or only one?
What is the height of this figure?
There is free shipping for Brazil too?
why are his hands so big
What is the height of this figure?
Is this the autentic prodruct? its not a copy?
Do they come in boxes?
is it a play toy
My son wants this but keeps saying it comes with a collectible card. I don't see that anywhere, does it?
Will this fit in a Stampede 4x4 VXL? I need waterproofing as an option and this one seems like it might work.
will this fit the rustler vxl s
does this fit a duratrax 835e buggy?
Does the ESC have two battery connectors? I want to upgrade my emaxx to brushless and I'm not sure if this ESC will work.
Title says 2200Kv motor, but if you read in the "what you receive" portion; they reference a 2650Kv motor. What do you really get?
what is the best esc combo i can use on a 1/10th traxxas slash 4x4 ultimate let me know tank u
Whats the difference between this motor/esc compared to the Velineon VXL-3s brushless with 3500 motor? More power?
Does anyone know what mounting plate I might need to mount this on a slash 4x4 with the low CG Chassis?
Will this for as a brushless conversion in a gs racing storm rtr?
will this esc and motor work/ fit an axial yeti XL
Can this be used without the USB programing adapter? If it can be used without it, what are the benafits of being able to usb program the controler?
will this esc fit my mini e revo and what things will i need to solder on to it
I'm considering an ESC with a 2S limit. What are the advantages of 3S (11.1 volts) in a Vaterra Twin Hammers?
can I use this with the castle 2400 kv mamba max pro motor?
can I use this esc with my castle creation 2400 kv 1/10 motor?
Can I use It with an Emaxx 3908? My Traxxas MXL-6s stop working.
Just bought a G made R1 rock buggy,can this be set for slower, high torque crawlers? Any warranty
Just bought a G made R1 rock buggy,can this be set for slower, high torque crawlers?
can this item be in a 4wd slash
is the esc already solder
Is this too much power if I put this in a SCX10 dingo. I already have metal gears and drive shafts. I want it to go about 20mph, so Is this too much?
would this fit into the traxxas mini revo without any serious modifications
I'm running a traxxas slash 4x4 and would like to use this system in my truck. Does this system utilize the traxxas receiver? or is a different receiv
Does this already have the battery connecter? The image doesn't show any.
Can Diameter ?? Shaft Diameter??
will this fit my Stampede?
is it better to run 2 or 3s
is it better
so i plan on using the Duratrax NiMH Onyx 7.2V 5000 which connector would i need?
is it sensored or sensorless
I need you to confirm, it includes ESC and Motor, right?
Willl this ESC work without damage, if I use it with a 3800kv motor?
Is this in the box from castle with a castle 4 pole motor?
can it run with non lipo batterys
Does it get too hot while running 3s lipo, my I am going to use it in a traxxas, my gear ratio is 26/76, it
does it get as anywere near as hot as the velineon 3500 system while running 3s lipo
Will this ESC work with nimh batteries? or will I have to get loops?
can i plug in 2 3s traxxas lipos in parallel or only 2 2s lipos
is lowpower cut off automatically on when you program the esc or do u have to do it yourself
can i plug in a stock 1/16 e revo battery into this and how fast will it go
would this motor mount in an SC10 2wd or Slash 2wd?
Can Diameter ?? Shaft Diameter??
is it a MUST to buy the cable? or can i set my volt cutoff manually via esc?
ok last question i swear... :) does this CC esc in this combo have the traxxas plug already on it? or am i gonna have to Doctor it up?
If you put in a traxxas rustler, what is the top speed with a 7.4 volt battery, lipo or NiMH
does this have the flat area on the output shaft to tightin the pinion down?
Can I run a 11.1 V 3s Lipo with this NC1406-5700KV Combo? It's going in my Bandit VXL with a 87 Spur &amp; 18t pinion. I'm currently running 8.4 V NiMh.
What gears will I want to have with this, and does it run hot?
What would be a good gear setup?
Would I need anything else to run this in my bandit?
Does it come with a battery and charger??
I saw this on a FB site which shows it plowing the snow from a sidewalk,....where do you get the plow extension for the front of it, ?
Is the Wrangler Unlimited X available? Is it available in black color?
does it include the radio controller
Is it possible to attach traxxas boat trailer
I am buying this for my 13 year old for Christmas, is there anything I need to make this gift work on Christmas Day?
Can a Rigid Industries "E series" LED headlight bar be attached and/or an Associated Replay mini camera system incorporated into the rollbar matrix?
what is the suggested age for this car?
what are the differences between the SCS10 and the SCX10?Im new to this and want to build one of these to look like my lifted jeep to play with.Thanks
Any desire to upgrade the stock controller? If so, why, and to what brand/model?
is it big enough for a 45 inch boy?
Has the brake on this bike been overhauled since the 2012 model? (Reviewer said: "Both kids kept hitting their calves against (brake)")
What ages can ride?
How heavy is this bike?
My grandson's inseam is 16 inches and he will be 3 in November. He is a big boy. Should we get the 16 inch for him to grow into?
Is the bike that is for sale the green option? I have been looking for the green, but it is out of stock everywhere.
Is the bike that is for sale the green option? I have been looking for the green, but it is out of stock everywhere.
Hi, is the item shipped from China? If it is, can I order and ship it directly to my parents in China?
Do these cards scratch/mark easily since it says it's gold foil?
Hello, this is the sealing of the packing?
is there a discount on shipping if I order 10 packs?
how to gift with your name as the giftee?
what do you mean by gold foil? is that real gold surface?
Are these a pinochle deck? I ask because I was searching for a pinochle deck, these showed up but they don't say Pincochle.
Will these cards work in an automatic card shuffler machine or would the machine damage them?
Are these cards waterproof or made with paper?
do they come with the mahogany box?
How many frogs are included?
My frogs died the first night. What did I do wrong?
Does any food come with it or do I have to buy it separately?
What size is the aquarium?
What type of frogs are they?
My frogs died the first night. What did I do wrong?
I lve in a very cold state---22 below zero when I woke up this morning! Will the frogs survive when delivered ?
If I buy this as a Christmas gift, can the frogs get sent later (like after Christmas) ? Does it come with some sort of card to send away for the frog
Does This Come With A Lid or Cover for the Top of the Tank?
is it worth buying
what are the rules?
How is this different from the Despicable Me 2 Monopoly?
this version of Monopoly you have it in Spanish?
this is so much fun, how do we get more minions?
What are the measurements?
Does it automatically "sense" when the shot hits the goal by vibration, or do you have to manually push a button to reset with each shot?
Does it always have crowd noises, or can you use it just as a shot clock?
Can you remove the canopy?
Can you travel with it on an airplane? Is it compact? Can it fit in suitcase?
Is this flotation device coast guard approved? This is my local YMCA requirement.
Any one know the difference between the older model Amazon sells and this one? (Other than price)
What is the material used to make this? Vinyl?
i just received it &amp; am having trouble inflating it? Please help
Has anyone used this for a child younger than 9 mon? If so, what age, and how did he/she like it?
I'm assuming there are leg holes so the baby it "sitting", but I can't tell from the description or picture. Just want to make sure before buying.
I can't tell from the picture, but does this float have leg holes in it?
What are dimensions of the product? (The dimensions in the description might be for the box...) Assembled height X length X width.
Can a baby lay back without getting their head in the water? My son doesn't sit up on his own just yet, but we do have a pool.
My 13 month old son weighs 29 pounds. Will this work for him or is he too big?
how large is the box it comes in?
What is the best way to inflate this? When I tried blowing into it, nothing happened.
Can you take the canopy off the top?
Does this float have leg holes, or does the baby sit on top of the mesh? Thanks in advance!
What materials is this float made of? Does it contain BPA, Phthalates or PVC? Thanks!
What material is it made out of?
will this work for my grandson who is just turning two
Good for a4 month old?
How big is the float + canopy when its deflated/packed up? Can I easily pack for travel?
Can this be used without the canopy.? Thanks .
Until what age does this thing will used? is there limit age or weight ?
Does the float have holes for the baby's legs to go through?
Can I pack it in a suitcase?
Do hot wheels cars work on this track?
what ages is this good for?
Can you use hot wheel cars on this set?
Is the pony princess Twilight?
Can it clip on Twilight sparkle's rainbow kingdom playset just like it can on the royal wedding playset
Does free shipping include Alaska, Hawaii, US Protectorates such as Puerto Rico, APO/FPO?
will this come with the other part of a white cadance castle?
ages
how big is the twighlight sparkle with this set?
how olf
What size is the pony?
What connects to the right
Is the crystal palace sold seperatly, if so what is the price?
does it come with the batteries
How big is this item?
Would this be too young for a 5 1/2 year old?
does it shipp to albania?
What part of this toy lights up?
where is it made?
does she talk
How much to ship to Sydney Australia before Christmas
Is this the MLP pony that talks?
how did you guys install the batteries? I spent about 10 minutes trying to fit in one, but failed.
does anyone know the dimensions of the box that this comes in??
What language included?
Can any one tell me if the Playskool Sesame Street Big Hugs Elmo Plush is a knock off?
How tall is Playskool Sesame Street Big Hugs Elmo Plush?
do the instructions come with frustration free packaging?
I ordered this with batteries for a gift delivery..did I really need to order a small screw driver as well?
What is frustration-free packaging
What is the manufacturer's recommended age range for this toy?
i want to buy waranty on this how much is it after ordering i notice a lot of poor reviews so how long is it covered for 30 dsays or is the a manufacture warranty I cant have a toy for my granddaughter not working for a short period and not working...
Where is the booklet?
Does Daisy, the FurReal kitty have an off switch?
how long does delivery take to N.Ireland if i buy today
My daughter got this from birthday present. she makes noise but it does not move. I think it is defect? Is there some kind of manufacture warranty?
Which @!#%@% paw is the 'off' switch on? I am close to destroying this thing and boycotting Hasbro for life.
How do I turn it off
is it a real cat or just fake because i want a real cat but i cant find one
Please help. Got this for a Christmas gift, but would like to turn it off until then. On which foot is the off button?
my daughter is 6 do ya'll think shes too old for this toy?
do batteries come with the toy and what kind are needed.
what ages is it appropriate for?
Does this come in a box as in stores
Can the sound be turned off but the remote-controlled action still work?
how much weight?
does she walk
what frequency?
Does it work on carpet?
Is this toy really enjoyable for a 11 year old girl? It seems more for a very young child but my granddaughter ask for it for Christmas.
How fast is it? I want to use it as a toy for my dog.
What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?
Can you use Beyblade Legends in this arena?
Can the Beywarriors battle the old regular beyblades?
Can you use the Shogun Steel Battle Tops in this arena?
Will the Beywarriors work in an arena made for Beyblades, or do I need a new arena?
Bought one for grandchild for Christmas but when I got it, it says on box connects to Iphone, Ipad or Ipad touch. she does not have anything Iphone. she had a smart phone. does this mean she can not connect it to her phone?
Can the hoop be mounted on a wall or does it have to be a door?
how big is the hoop
what is the backboard made of? thx
Can this be mounted over a door?
does it work with android
Does this work with the ipad mini?
My son loves monkeys why not make a cuddles for boys? also just change the pink diaper to a blue one and no bow in the hair
What kind of batteries does it use?
What kind of batteries does it use?
Can you buy replacement diapers?
What size batteries does it take?
Where can you find diaper for the monkey?
where can i buy the borough of Friends cuddles my giggly monkey bottle thats made out of plastic and is shaped like a banana
why doesn't my giggly monkey make sounds
batteries?
Is there an on/off switch?
Did any of your boxes have a sticker added that states " Components made in China"???
Is this the same bus that is sold separately - does it require batteries for operational flashing lights?
is this suitable for a 2 year old boy?
What is playmobil?
how big is the bus? (About how long/tall is it?)
Since it's bluetooth controls, can two cars be driven at the same time without interference?
Does this car work with an iPod?
Is it compatible with iPhone 6?
Is the IOS 7.x Music Problem Solved?
Im curious to why the marked price of the SLS remote is so much more cheaper than the silverlit website?
Hello, I want to buy this toy, but shipping is really expensive, can you make a chipper shipping?
where can i battery pack for this toys?
Have you found a better one. My 9.5 years old grandson wants to play the drums and was thinking of getting something like this for Christmas but don't
It looks like it has a jack for a power supply. Can anyone tell me what kind of power supply it uses?
Do they come with a stand? If not how do you set them up. I want them to be ready to go and have all that he needs. Thanks
Can anyone recommend where on Amazon I can get a DC outlet that will FIT this? Because the standard size seems too large for the input. Thanks
How big is the figure?
HOW TALL IS IT?
how tall is hulk?
Do the spinners move in opposite directions?
is this copper in color??
How do you keep it solidly in the ground?
Will I be able to cut the post shorter and mount it on a metal roof top? I can make a simple bracket.
How big is the diameter?
how tall is it?
How tall does the item stand once the stakes are in the ground?
Is it noisy? and Does it rust?
How do you keep the main upright pole from coming unscrewed when it is in the yard?
How can you make the blades spin in opposite directions?
what age group is this masking designed for?
how durable is it?
Does the face part flip up?
what is the weight of this mask?
Can these be sold separately?
Are these the authentic version or Chinese version (bootleg)?
Does this product include those 9 figures which are exactly the same as picture showed or there are some differences with the pictures?
Do each of the figures come with a basketball court stand as pictured?
Do you have this item in stock now? or is this a preorder?
Does it come with all the figures?
Is this an official headband?
How well is the metal made is it easy to break flexible and what is the thickness
would this fit a 22.9inch head?
Would if fit on your arm like shikamaru does in the anime?
Is it boxed?
will it fit on my forehead?
is the headband fabric long
can it be shipped next week and received before 01/01/2015?
What are the measurements for the metal portion?
16 inches,when it is "standing" ( so from nose to foot) or when it is seating down (so from nose to bottom)?
does he have floppy legs
is timon shipped in a box in mint condition
how tall is timon
does he have beans in him
is he soft
Do these ducks float upright?
how long did they take to arrive?
would be able to get this before Aug 2nd?
Would these work for the duck pond game for a child's party? I'd write letters on the bottom and float them in a kiddy pool. Are they too small?
Will this fold small enough to pack in a suitcase?
Does it have handles so I can tie it to an anchoring point?
Are you able to lay on your stomach comfortably? I am about 5`3.5" &amp; 268lbs..
What are the dimension of this quad?
can it hold a go pro?
Cool, Thrill, Exciting BUT what is made of?!?!?!?! Fiber Carbon, ABS, Cardboard, Spaghetti???
What kind of screws are used for body assembly, where I can get a few more? Several vibrated out on maiden flight and disappeared.
It has +/- pads that make it look like it has an integrated PCB, is this the case?
I have 12" props, will they fit?
What construction material, what size (450mm is implied) and most importantly, how much does this weigh (in grams)
how many time does it take to arrive in miami?
I received my frame today. Where do I purchase the motors and other equipment I need to build to it?
How about giving us a list of everything we need to get it flying, i am ready to buy it all.
Is this just one hat or does it come in a pack? And if so how many comes in a pack?
Hi, I'm interested in ordering your product ASAP but I was wondering what color (red or pink) the bow I will get when I order?
One of the pictures shows a red bow and that is what i am looking for how do i make sure that when I order the ears I get the red bow and not the pink
Hello, can adults use these as well?
How big are the vegetables?
Can anyone list the veggies that come in this set? Thanks
Are they non-toxic?
What are the vegetables made of?
how many total pieces?
how much inches long is it?
which exact set of Lego you need to buy to motorize this?
Can you buy extra tracks for it? If so, any recommendations as to what to buy? Grandsons want to have this train go around all their different lego sets that are set up like a city on extra bedroom floor
does it really work
would anyone who has it suggest gluing this. I don't want to loose pieces.
Is the train actually made from legos or larger pieces of plastic? My son is wanting a Lego train he can assemble and I can't tell lfrom the pics
Hi there! Wondering if this set(79111) is compitable with Lego city tracks (7499)? Thanks for your help!
I have a 3 year old grandson who wants KingKong. Would this be appropriate for his age? He looks scary to me. Thanks
how tall is he
how tall is this figure
How large is the actual jumping area?
If you set it up in areas where is no grass,, will it get damaged?
WHAT IS THE WEIGHT CAPACITY?
Is the blower includes in package?
Hi! this package includes the blower?
What is the weight of this bouncer?. how many pounds?
This bouncer comes in one box? what are the measurements of the box or boxes?
Does this bouncy house come with a blower? It's unclear.
How long does it take to set it up?
Is it good for 3 and 4 year old boys
Are the wheels rubber or plastic? I can't tell form the photo...Thanks for the help!
Does this easily fold for travel. Will it fit in car trunk?
is the head rest part is plastic or has good cushioning?
Can the child steer using the handle bars when the parent push bar is engaged?
I want to bring on plane do you know weight and approx size ie like a large cooler
What does the description crawl through to dry bounce mean?
What is the shipping package size? i need to Determine the Dimensional Weight
What is the shipping package size? i need to Determine the Dimensional Weight
Has anyone found a great way to store this?
Can you use the slide without water for cooler evenings?
How tall is the top of the slide?
Does the top section have a net along the back so kids wont fall off the back side?
I plan to feed warm water to it (using a portable outdoor tankless heater), will this be a problem?
Can this be used dry, or would sliding be too difficult without the water?
How large is the actual jumping area?
Does the bouncer air blower always have to be on to use it?
possible to use indoor ? especially marble floor.i'm abroad shopper.easy answer pls~~
is the extra slide worth the extra money
Does the material get hot in direct sunlight?
Is there a warranty?
does anyone know the actual outside dimensions? Are the ones listed accurate? Looking to put this in a basement with 8' ceilings.
What is the weight limit?
Is the blower too loud to use indoors?
could this be set up on pavement?
could this be used inside for a birthday party or does it move too much/too loud?
Can this be used outside?
What are the dimensions of the actual jumping space?
Is this fold-up trike?
what are differences between little tikes 4-in-1 trike and the 3-in-1 trike?
Can I turn the weels using the parent's handle?
Do the pedals go forward and backwards?
Are the tires rubber or plastic?
Are the Torres rubber or plastic?
How tall is this? Is it good for tall parents?
Are the wheels 360 degree?
Would you recommend this for a parent who goes on a long power walk? Could I push it along for 2 miles no problem ?
Are u able to lock the steering wheel so the child can not steer but the parent can?
what is the age range?
Do you ship this product to Lebanon, TN
Can I put a 12v battery in this car?
Hi, please advise whether you deliver to Singapore and what would the cost of the delivery be?
I need it for a prop. Does the face light up?
can you play on it?
I received this toy with no instructions and no batteries. What type batteries does it take?
what features are on the iphone?
is it 4wd
the lipo battery is 4000 mAh or 4200 mAh?
is the battery charger traxxas too?
will these work with a 2wd slash
Do they fit on a 2 wheel drive stampede VXL
will these work on a bandit
Will these work on the rear of the Stampede 4X4 VXL?
does it work on a vxl rustler
Hello I just order this doll from you should have asked you before ordering but is the Doll NEW and in the AG box?
Does it come in the box?
What's is actual size?
Does she come with her ears pierced, if she does, does she come with earrings?
Does it come in the box?
Does this doll talk or do any other stuff like the baby alive dolls
saige horse
does she come with clothes
does it show you how to do her hair?
does it show you how to how to do saige's hair?
If we buy it how many packs to we receive, all that's shown?
How many moshlings come in each bag?
how many packs do you get?
how many bags do you get?
is there a box of them or one bag
how tall is the figure?
how tall is it?
What are the batteries for in this toy?
Listing says that 3 AAA batteries are included. Toy does not have a place for them to fit!! What does this toy do with batteries???
Do the Furby Party Rockers have an on/off switch?
Dose it talk to girls
Do dey have eggs
How are the party rocker furby different from furby boom
What is the difference with the Furby?
Does the app for this Furby (party Rocker) work on Kindle?
Does this Purple Furby Party Rocker speak Furbish and English?
is this figure age appropriate for a 12yr old or is it for younger boys?
is this toy ok for a 4 year old kid
How dangerous are the projectiles?
How dangerous are the projectiles?
Can this sandbox remain out in the snow during the winter?
What are the dimensions of the base of the sandbox?
Will this fit a 3 year old and a 6 year old??
NEED REPLACEMENT LID, BLEW OFF IN A STIORM
Could I attach 4 'moats' (available from Petco) to the bottom of box as 'feet' and then use the sandbox as an ant-proof feeding station for indoor cats? (I would put cat food in the box, which ants could in theory not get into and cats couldn't easily...
Can it be used for a wading pool?
What are the sandbox dimensions?
What are the dimensions of the actual sand play area? (I am looking for something larger than the "turtle" sandbox for my 4 year old)
does this have any kind of drainage in the bottom? Has anyone played with water in with the sand, and did it get nasty, or did the moisture evaporate?
Lid solid enough to keep spiders and bugs out of the box? Can determined cats and rodents push the lip open, or sneak in?
does this remote DX4C DSMR 4-Channel Radio work with this receiver
Can I bind my transmitter DX2L this receptor 3 ch?
can i use this with my dx2l 2 channel transmitter? i just need this receiver for an extra port to plug in lights
Is it waterproof
Has anyone figured out how to make these rx's work with Aircraft tx's? Tired of dragging gear around.DX8.
Is it waterproof
What is the assortment of pieces? Especially the 2 x 2, 2x4, 2x6, 2x8
Has anyone given these to a child under 4 years old? My 3.5 year old is pretty adept with Duplo and has refined motor skills.
Does this bucket cone with any sort of instructions or ideas for creations?
how many colors in this bucket
Is this set for boys 8-+ age group
How many LEGO bricks are included in the bucket?
Does this set have wheels and axels?
Is this set ok for a 2 year old
Do these work with the Juniors sets?
How is Amazon charging 79.99 for this when other stores sell the same thing for under $30
does it come with a quadcopter and a remote cotrol?
How big is is item?
Since this is so small I would assume it its not an outdoor RC toy?
Amazon asks for $5.00 shipping charge.
how much is shipping?
what size turtles do you use with them?
What is the age range for this toy?
what color are these? pictures differ from amazon menu to product detail page.
Do they come in a ninja turtles box or are the buggies just by themselves?
Does this come with any bots?
Can more than one person play this at the same time?
What size batteries does it take, how many, and are they included?
Can this be hooked up to a computer?
How does it connect to TV - HDMI?
Where can I buy Chase for this Resscue
The first beam box system we had only worked for a short time - the image on the screen flashed the entire time. Then, when we tried it again later, it wouldn't work at all. Sometimes you could hear Optimus Prime's voice for a split second as it was...
We need to replace the controller (long story) is that doable?
What channel should the tv be on?
Where is Chase?
How many batteries does this camera take? If I'm using rechargeables, how long can I expect it to last?
How do you make silly faces with showcam
Hello! Both my 3 and 6 year old want this for Christmas. What age group would you say this camera is mainly for? Thanks for you help!
Is it appropriate for a8yr to 10yr old?
Can you delete the photos and then add more?
what size batteries does it take
What USB Cable is needed for this??
is there a box included last time I purchased an item it came in a clear type box with no pictures of item
Is there a way to mute the sound?
What type of USB cable works with this camera?
How many pieces come in the musical set? Thanks.
How many pieces are in this set? Are there features missing in this set that I should look for in another set to use in combination? I was choosing t
Can anyone tell me the dimensions of the marble catchers? Thanks!!
Are these pieces that could be incorporated into another model (ie - cyclone or vertigo) of Hape marble run set? Are the pieces compatible?
Has anyone mixed the Hape and Haba marble sets together?
what is the size of a marble?
Does it come with marbles?
Are these like penny sleeves? How much protection will they provide from bending?
This comes in a set of 5 packs of 100 right? And they are 64mm x 89mm?
Are these white? Or clear
Will these fit on Cards Against Humanity cards?
Will this work with Pokemon cards comfortably? Or is it a tight fit?
Will Warmahordes cards fit in these?
Are these like penny sleeves? How much protection will they provide from bending?
Do they fit inside ultra pro 9 card pages?
Are these sleeves transparent on both sides?
Are these the thinner ones without hologram dot or the thicker version with the hologram?
How recent are these cards? Like up to what set?
If I buy this can I add a request like most of them from a specific clan?
If I order 4 of these packs, will they be the same? and/or will the number of duplicates increase with ever additional pack ordered?
does it come with a deck box?
age group for this toy
Are the disks soft like felt or are they a hard plastic...? Something different or similar?
I would like to know where I can find refill discs. I bought 2 for my twin grandsons. They shoot so far its easy to lose track of where they went.
are batteries required
Does anyone know where I can find the replacement disc for this Marvel Iron Man 3 Motorized Arc FX Gauntlet? We love this toy but need more discs!
Is the dress removable or permanent?
is this measured from the head and torso...or legs as well?
Help! My soon to be 8 yr old son is all boy but LOVES his animals...Keeper, Run Bunny.. For Valentines Day, the three 9" ones I love have dresses. No?
Are the eyes made from thread or are they beads (choking hazard for babies)?
does the buy come with all the cards in the pic or no?
Is mega charzard ex in the pack
when it says rare holo, does that include ex's and others like that?
is there good cards and are most actually pokemon and not trainers and energy?
How many are there
are all of the cards same, or is it just random
is it a lego
where can I get the weapons
does it come with all four golden wepons
One customer says it did not come with the golden weapons. Why is this?
Does it come with the golden weapons
Is this the standard Lego mini-figure or a figurine/statue? The picture shows a leg stance and arm position that are not possible with a mini-figure.
Is it an officially licensed Half-Life 2 collectible, if yes do we get the proof?
When does Amazon charge my card if i complete an order? On ship date?
Why did amazon just cancel my preorder of this product? Because neca who is still trying to sell these on amazon will not confirm shipment. Neca sucks
What are they made of?
How big are they?
WHT THE BALLS DONT OPEN
WHY IS IT SO SMALL
Can they clip to belts?
how many of them comes?
is the pokeball soft?
they are 4 for 9.95??
Is there 4 in a package? Are they boxed seperately?
do they open?
does it come with a gatling gun and missiles? it's listed in title but not description
Does this also take still pictures?
what happens if the copter goes out of range with the remote?..does it start to just fall?
Does any one know what is meant by TRIM in the manual? 1: Speed Trim, 2:Direction Trim, 3:Forward/Backwards Trim, 4:Crab Trim ?
why are they so expensive? you can get them for under $100 new with camera elseware.
how or who do i talk to about this quad it does not work the right front motor is bad?
Does this come with a battery charger that fits American outlets?
Can the camera of this copter be tilt direct down to take video and photos around my self? Thanks
Does it come with the battery?
Is this as tough as the Syma X 1? Is the video like a 880 key chain amera?
Would these cups hold a couple of trinkets? Thought about using them as favors and also putting a few small favors inside them.
Do these cups include straws?
Are they BPA free?
How large are these cups -- ie. about how many ounces do they hold?
Do you also deliver in the `uk
Before I place the order. Pls advise if this price $18.69 for for 1 cup or 8 cups? Tks
Hello - I was wondering if I could order just 2 more cups? More people responded "yes" to the party than I thought would! Thank you!
How many sets of 8 do you have?
the price is for one cup or eight cups on the pack
Does the "Pikachu" pop out?
is it a trivia game?
Is the belt clip attached to the Pokeball? What is the Pokeball made of? Is it safe for my son to throw it around, or will it break something?
This item was suppose to be in a shipment received, but was not
Can you get just the pokedex and pokeball?
TBS Discovery clone for 2x the price? Why?
What does it weigh? Thanks...
when i purchased one it did not say reptile anney were on the frame kit ' why is that?
Hello, I want to know if you can send the toy to Israel? Thanks
how do you figure what lego sets are worthy of buying?
Does jango fett have a good helmet
is it cheap
Having issues with the calibration of the plane, how do you reset the instructor &amp; other flight aids? With the flight aid on I have no down rudder..
It is ready to fly? or need to buy some other things
What is the typical flight time you get on one charge ?
Hi, I am seriously considering buying this plane. I wanted to know, will this battery work with it? Thanks! 25C 11.1V 2200mAh LiPo battery w/ EC3
What is the size of the battery compartment? Looking to verify what dimensions the spare battery needs to be under.
which is the dimension of the airplane?
Would the Glasair Sportsman be a good plane for a beginner? Thank you.
Is item shipped from the US? If so from where?
are the batteries replaceable? If so, what size battery?
Are these glasses the same as advertised on cool glow website?
i'm looking for purple...is one of the colors purple?
Are these kid or adult sized?
what is the width and length of the assorted led light up shutter shades?
Can you take his Armor Flaps off to make the Android Saga ver of Vegeta
is the scouter hard to put on
Is this displayable in the box? Is it hangable? Or is this for a standing display? Thanks!
Can the folded arms be put on his super saiyan counterpart
Why is this action figure so much more expensive than the rest? Its 3-4 times the cost.
What is the height of this figure?
Is it japan version or us version?
what would be the estimated date to receive this if bought today?, is this shipping from japan?
How big is this figure?
Is it Japanese version or US version?
Does he play a song?
Why does the product description say it's a Pokemon K.K. Slider plush toy? It say sit more than once
Does this plush talk too?
Max weight of child?
assembly
So I have measured out the given dimensions, but I want to know if it looks big and if it seems to take up a lot of space when set up.
what is it made of?
Can it be used outdoors?
where do you put the batteries
Would this be easy to take apart and ship after being assembled?
Are the springs stiff or springy? We had one from the 60s that was springy enough where a kid could bounce it across the room
Does anybody know the difference between this model and the Radio Flyer Blaze Interactive Horse? There is a substantial difference in price.
Is the body and head one solid piece, or does the head attach at the neck area? If it attachs then what holds the head to the body?
thinking about getting this for our daughter to use on her wheelchair tray. Can anyone let me know what the height is WITHOUT the legs??
Can you remove the other half of the gardening table top? So it's just an open water table? I'm interested in using this as a sensory bin.
I just got this table in the mail. When we filled the basin with water, it began to leak water. The plug doesn't seal. Is this normal?
If left outside, will rain water leak in?
How much sand would you need to buy?
how tall is it? how long is the slide?
How would you compare this Little Tikes slide to Step2 Naturally Playful Big Folding Slide?
How much weight does the slide hold?
How many people does it take to assemble this slide? Can 1 lady do it by herself?
How tall is the slide? Or how high is it to the top step of the slide once it's assembled?
How high up is the hook from the ground? I want to use this with an inflatable pool and I'm afraid it won't be high enough. Thanks!
I would like to use it indoor, can you tell me what is the dimensions of the slide after it is assemble?
How big is the slide when folded up for storage?
What is the weight limit for this slide?
How wide is the actual slide part? My daughter is turning six next week and really wants a slide. Hoping her butt will fit.
Can the snug &amp; secure seat swings be substituted on this set fairly easily ? My twins are only 10 months old right now. What is estimated setup time ?
Do you have to anchor this swing set down?
For A. John - when you bought the 2-in-1 pink swing did you have to buy additional ropes to attach it to the swing set?
How much space do you need for this playset? Does the ground upon which you set it up need to be perfectly, perfectly level? Thanks!
do you have the measurements of this climbing toy heighth, width and length... thx
Is this suitable for a 3 year old?
What is the weight limit?
Do you have any idea what age kids would start to outgrow this? We have 19 month old twins and are concerned it would be too small after a year. Thank
What is the height of the platform at the top of the slide?
How high is the platform? (In other words, how high is the top of the slide from the ground?)
what are the dimensions?
Does this table come with additional toys?
How tall is this table? I've seen photos with kids kneeling at it. Not sure about the listed dimensions. Doesn't look like it's adjustable. Thanks!
could I add an umbrella to this table?
where the umbrella? It's just on menu??? I just open it , the menu teach how to assemble , but no umberlla inside.
How tall is the table above the floor?
does this model have a pump? if so how does pump work?
Any tips on installing the cannon? I can't seem to get it to snap in place and I'm worried I'll break the cannon.
how big is the box it comes in
Is it necessary to purchase a cover for this?
Some of the pieces that make the main tower are broken. I was wondering if there is a way to purchase separate parts?
I'd like to buy this for a 2 year old but I'm concerned about abiltity to manuever on grass. Does the center caster interfere.
Hi I want to purchase the Step2 easy turn coupe for my son's first birthday. Is it possible to belt the child inside this car? Thanks
we lost the front castor wheel,can we to buy this item separately?
Can the child move the car while in it on her own, or does it have to be pushed from behind??
can 2 small kids fit inside?
Hello , good evening , I would like to buy this product for my daughter, I am from Venezuela and I wonder if it comes apart and the box size to calcul
Is the front castor wheel removeable for when the child is older?
Can you remove the roof and use the car without it?
Does this have retractable handle?
what age is this for?
What comes with this set.
Would this BBQ be to small for an average height 3 and a half year old?
Does this toy require batteries??
Does the lid of this grill close and open?
What all comes with it? I can't tell if the little burger and hotdog or any other grilling stuff etc comes with it?
How big is it and how wide?
Anyone know how tall this is with the lid open?
Are the knobs real or are they just stickers?
my friend has one.. it looks like it really has flames. Does it still look like fake fire??
can you ship it as a gift without the price amount showing?
is this a good gift for an 11 year old
What is it? What does it do? There is no clue about what yuo do with it.
Is this an official Minecraft branded item?
how many batteries?
is there anything out there similar that is rechargeable?
How to make the minecraft redstone ore nightlight stay on?
anyone have trouble with it not working at all ??
How big is it?
Does this stay on until you turn it off, or does it go off by itself after a certain length of time?
made of??
What type of batteries does this take How long do the batteries last?
Does it automatically turn off after a period of time? (besides when the batteries run out.)
How does it hang up?
Does it come with one light or two?
Can use reusable batteries
How long do the batteries last for? Looking to use Amazon Basic AAA batteries.
Where's the on/off switch? Is it easy to access when the torch is hanging on the wall? Thanks!
Is the top part supposed to come off?ours does very easily so I think it arrived broken.
Is this a yellow or white light?
The light buld isn't working - it has brand new batteries, but still doesn't light up. What can we do? It was a Christmas gift.
Is it actually 35 cm x 25 cm? I see lots of reviews saying it was smaller than expected. I was hoping my Galaxy Note 10.1 (27cmx17cm) would fit in it.
Do you think that this will fit an IPad Mini? That's what I'm planning on using it for and didn't know if it would fit.
Will this fit an ipad air?
Will it fit a 11inch laptop?
Could it fin a 13 inch Mac air ???
Is it machine washable?
is it big enough to hold notebooks for school, not text books just note books
Is this bag iron-safe? if not, is there a way to straighten all the indents and lines?
What material is the bag made of? I know it says plush, but I was wondering more specifically (since I wasn't sure what "plush" is).
Do you know how many you have?
I am looking to buy 20, how much would shipping be? Also can i double up on a order?
I want to order 4 star wars minifigures, do I really have to pay $20.00 in shipping?
what size animals fit in the compartments? 3" beanie babies? thanks!
Do those of you who own this think it would be appropriate for a 7 year old or do you think she would be too old to enjoy it? Thank you!
My kid loves that black cat, but she lost it at the mall. Is it possible that she gets the cat only, instead of the whole set?
Are keys available?
Is this BPA free? I thought one of the hallmarks of B. Toys was being bpa free.
How big is this toy shark?
What is the length?
Does this shark float?
how big is it?
Can water damage this doll?
does it have extra clothes
What are accessories coming with the doll?
Is this able to ride in the grass nicely?
My son is turning 5 his old tractor and trailer broke is this one still suitable for him? A lot of the ones I have looked at look to small for him
Is it true the front loader will only haul something as light as leaves
Would you please help to confirm the actual box/carton dimensions and weight? thanks
Do the pedals go both ways or does it have breaks if you push back on the pedals? Thank You
how big the the package? can I carry it on the airplane?
To add variety, I would like to remove the loader sometimes and hitch a cart to the back. Does anyone foresee any problems with doing that?
Does this product have a hitch on the back?
The product description here says weight limit is 85lbs, but the product manual clearly says 55lbs. What is the weight limit?
is the loader controlled by a lever/joystick?
Are the wheels rubber or plastic? How difficult is it to assemble?
what weight
Does the trailer come off?
what size battery? 12 volt or 6 volt?
My son is an advanced and tall 4 year old - is it big enough?
Are the wheels plastic or rubber? How difficult is it to assemble?
Do the three tins come with online reddemption codes that can be used for pokemon TCGO?
Is this for all 3 tins or for 1 tin out of the 3?
Is really the 3 Tins for $22.48 ?
can i get a definitive answer as to whether or not individual states are defined? there are contradictory answers given when this question was asked.
Does this only run on 110V? Does it have options to run on battery?
Is this globe illuminated?
Are the states individually defined in the United States. Several answers say that they are not, but your description says that they are.
Does this speak or talk?
are the states labeled?
Hi, I bought this globe from you, but unfortunately the minute we switched it on the bulb burst, we can't buy them in UAE. Do you sell them?
When was the geo-political information updated?
does globe speek
are the u.s states defined?
what age is it recommended for?
My daughter is turning 11 and wants a telescope. She loves the stars, but I did not want to spend a lot of money on something until I know she will use it. Is this too much of a "toy" for an 11 year old? I want to get her something she can use to try...
4 yr old niece want ONLY a telescope for bday. is this too advanced?shes really smart
Can this also be hand-held?
Does it require batteries?
Can you see the rings of saturn?
Hi I bought this for my 8 yr old daughter in december, but we haven't been able to see anything, not in the day and not at night
Is this a table top telescope? If it is, is there a separate tri-pod I could purchase?
How long does this take to assemble? I wonder if I should assemble it before giving it to my son or give it to him the box.
What are the deminsions?
Are they waterproof if left out in the rain or dropped in the pool?
Does your connecter on the strap look different than the one pictured on Amazon?
I have a 3 and 6 y/o. Def want these for 3 y/o but do you think 6 y/o would be too old too quickly for these? maybe cheap real ones instead?
my 2-year-old wears glasses. Anyone have experience with these with glasses? Does it work?
how long is the neck strap?
What can they see? with that strength can they see planes overhead? My son likes the moon stars and planes.
Why is this so much cheaper than the others listed on Amazon?
How big are these?
Was your child hurt by the neck strap?
only one big nut was included missing the second big nut for airplane's front wheelPlease send us a big nut for front wheel of airplane ASAP
This listing is for a COMBO pack plane and roadster, so why are customers only receiving one or the other from MMP Living?
Hello, Grandson loves them, but as expected, has lost several screws. Any idea where/how to get more ?
Do these toys contain BPA?
how large are the items? Are they realistic in size?
Is broccoli included?
Where are fruit and veggie manufactured? (What country?)
Is this BPA free?
Are these BPA free?
Where is this product made?
Does this food work well with a Step2 kitchen set? Curious whether it might be too big or small.
There's no scale. Can't tell how large/small the play food is. What are the dimensions of the fake chicken breast?
Did these have an odor (plastic/rubber/paint) when you opened the packaging for the first time?
The manufacturer says ages 2+, but Amazon says not for under 3. What are the best ages for this?
Where is this manufactured?
"and much more" is NOT an adequate description!! I need to KNOW WHAT is in what I am buying!
Does this doll come with a pacifier. Can this doll use a pacifer?
is there a difference between this and the other premier baby calin grenadine and the pastel doll - is there a difference?
What age is this doll for ?
Can this doll be used in the bathtub?
can you put a diaper on this doll?
Can the doll stay in a sitting position, or is it always laying down?
is the vanilla scent strong or unpleasant?
Does Corolle have a completely machine washable doll? They used to make one?
Is this doll made in China?
Does Corolle make a lighter skin baby doll that has brown eyes?
Can you set the exact times that it changes from green to yellow and then to red: e.g. 4 min of green + 1 min yellow, then red (5 min total)?
Does it have volume control?
Does the green and/or yellow light blink continously? My child has been distracted by the blinking with other timers.
Does the timer count down to let you know how much time is remaining until the buzzer goes off?
Does the clock count down the time remaining until the buzzer goes off?
Can you have this start red and end green (when they're free to go)?
How loud is this timer? I would like to use it as tine away for one of my students but i don't want a loud disruptive noise to interrupt the class.
Does it have to be reset each use or can you just stop and restart using the same timer length?
what age is this for
Does this toy require batteries?
Are both sides of the "trap door" supposed to release when the lever is pulled? Not sure if ours is defective or if one door is intentional.
How tall are Mickey and Minnie?
What are the dimensions of the clubhouse itself? Base length/width, height including handle?
Age group for this toy
when will you get more of the red colored models in?
What batteries would you recommend? &amp; in series or parallel?
What is the range of the car?
how much run time do you get out of a full charge?
Would you prefer this truck over the other VXL versions of the Stampede, Rustler, E-Revo?
how big is it
Hi, May I know what is its shipping size and total shipping weight?
how do i get a summit VXL monster truck 1/10 scale
I would like blue how do I check out and make sure it's blue?
What is biggest lipo batt that will fit in this car? Runtime?
regards sorry I do not speak English I can help I want to buy a car for my son which would you recommend between Traxxas Slash 2WD Short Course 58034
is it a fast truck cause i dont know much about it and if so is it waterproof
Does this RC work well on the beach or in sand/dirt?
Is it possible to make this truck do 60mph + if so how? Im interested in this item
can I run a lipo battery on it right out of the box
can you limit the speed for younger children (50% power like the rustler)?
After charging, it stopped working. Green and red flashing light. I got a new battery and a better charger, same thing. Anyone know why?
if I were to get a new engine for my truck what would u recommend im looking for a sronger engine that puts out more power
Is it possible to have 2 batterys connected at once ?
How fast does this go
How long does the default battery last (minutes)
Does the antenna wire hang out and above the body or is it the nice ones that are like 3" long
Is it come with the battery charger?
how fast do these go, I am looking for one with a little more speed but no more than 50mph?
can it run 4s
What modifications do you recomment to be able to get 60+ mph? Is it true that the lipo batt can hurt the electronics?
I plan to buy the 3S LiPo pack, what bennefits will I gain by using those instead of the original ones? do I need to do any modification to use them?
Which motor would have more speed brushed or brushless
Could I hydroplane through my pond or is not waterproof
how fast does it goes? and... can it be tuned or upgraded to go faster?
Which color does this come in? It shows 4 different ones.
Still new to RC's, but Nitro is the fuel source? and I'm assuming the batteries needed are for the controller and to start the motor?
do you need traxxas top fuel or can you use normal 20%?
what size is the motor
hi, does it come with the ez start?
How often do you do maintenance? Is it hard or easy and how long does it take?
can you run two of them side by side, i dont see an option for different frequency
is it water proof
Is it RTR?
is there a way to specify a color before ordering? I would like the one in the first picture.
does shockwave roll on his treads
can the gun rotate in tank mode
does the hyperflux cannon shoot
Are the eyes on the beanie Winnie sewn in or buttons
size
is the shirt able to come off?
How much does this weigh?
can it be use as a atv helment?
Some of the reviews say it does not fit adult heads is that true or nah?
Can someone who has the helmet actually tell me the Head circumference all it says is fits most adults and kids but some reviews say it doesn't.
Can you see through the whole visor?
Can this be used as an airsoft helmet?
does the LED light work?
The pictures show that the helmet is a little lopsided. Is that actually true?
Does anyone know what kind of batteries the LED lights take?
my head is 25cm long and all the way around it is 58cm would this fit me or do you have bigger sizes?
Hi! What is the pendant made out of? I'm asking because some buyers of the blue necklace said it was made out of glass and that it broke very easily!
Does anyone know how thick the cord is? I heard a couple people say that it snapped easily, so I was going to buy a separate one.
Does it come with a box like the blue one?
How long did it take to arrive for you guys?
how big is the green piece?
will this battery work ok on wl toy v262 it shows a 850 mah battery
Will this battery over heat the motors due to longer flight time? It's pretty hot from the original 850Mah already
what are the dimensions of this product?
Hi, Will this work with MJX F46 RC heli? Thanks
Why does my truck appear to be the only one with an antenna that sicks out of the truck?
58024 vs 58034 Traxxas Cars
I want to go brushless motor and still use the same type battiers???
Is it good for a 13 year old?
i want to go brushless motor? what do i need??and i want to use the same type battiers that came with it?
how long does the battery last?
Does it come with a remote?
is it waterproof
What is the difference between Traxxas RTR and Traxxas 58034?
Hello friend I have question: how long is the battery life? The Traxxas Slash is waterproof and mud? What size tires used? That is the LX 5 works?
what percentage of nitro runs best through this car ?
How do you know which paint scheme you are buying? Doesnt really specify.
hi everyone, could someone tell me which is the best nitro fuel for this truck? thanks!
what the size and how does it handle?
is it fast
What does the "Short Course" Truck means? Also, how long does one tank lasts?
it this the mark jenkins cover because it did not give me a option to which cover body i wanted to choose?
2 WD OR 4WD?
What comes in the box ? Fuel bottle, tools , extra glowplug ?
does it have reverse
What is the difference between the deluxe second edition and the regular Second edition?
What is the difference between the deluxe second edition and the regular Second edition?
Does the "Deluxe edition" really exists? Or is it only the second edition of the game? If there is: whats the difference?
So it looks like 1 to 5 cable that is often bought with these is getting bad rap. Any other way to charge more than one at a time?
Best setting for charging - I have a hyperion720i - What are the best charging rate for this batteries?
Can I somehow get a cable to charge them all at once?
How long are these? Just received some from another vendor that are 1.5" long (vs 1.25" stock). Does connector still tuck into body? Need to retrim every time? Mix with stock batteries?
Battery does not take charges. After the charge it last only 10 seconds. What do you want me to do??
What's the weight of these packs?
will these batteries work for the Syma x5c and the Hubsan X4
Will these work with the original x4 H107 with no camera?
I just bought a Proto X quadcopter and it awesome - except for the 3.5 - 4 min fly time. Can I use these batteries to extend that? Disclaimer: this
Can the cold weather ruin the batteries?
Does the solution glow the color of the bottle (blue) or is it the standard glow-in-the-dark green/yellow color?
are these biodegradable?
How long do these last and does it just activate one time?
can these stick to paper too?
Has anyone discovered a good way to store these? I find pieces everywhere and the pad came apart.
How big is the entire package?
how can I clean the stickers so they continue to stick
I'm thinking of using these for my son's potty reward chart. About how big are the stickers? Will they stick on glass? Thanks!
Would a 6-year-old boy likely enjoy these or would he think they are too "babyish"?
What is the size of each background or scene card?
I want lots of train stickers I can give as rewards to my student to stick them onto his paper work. He is 8 and loves trains. Will these work?
I'm looking for novel playthings for a long flight with a 16 month old. Clearly he can't use these alone, but ok for that age for that purpose?
can you unplug the usb from both ends? like from the turret? is it a separate usb cable?
which USB size?
Do you plug it in for it too work?
My turret doesn't say "are you still there" no matter how long I leave it alone. Am I doing something wrong or is the turret not fully functioning?
How tall is the turret? i saw 7.5" and then i saw around 2-3 inches.
Do the sides open and close and there is motion in front of it.
Does it work with MAC?
My son received the Turret for his birthday.. the gurns do not close.. and the only thing is says is "preparing"...it does nothing else. HELP!!!
Can you unplug the cable from the Turret?
I need to order a longer power cord for this one. Can someone confirm what the smaller plug is? Thanks
I can't find a size listed. How tall is it
What is the height of the camel?
How tall is it??
How do I get the black friday expansion set for $5? My cart keeps showing $15?
Are these cards flammable? Can they be used to fend off zombies in the coming apocalypse?
Do you have to buy the original game or could you solely get an expansion pack? What is recommended (can't buy all right now).
What's the difference between the first, second, and the third expansion?
what is the burping and peeing thingy?
Does it really burp and pee like a real baby????
My boyfriend has the first pack everyone should buy, but is this, the third expansion pack, anime cards or more of the usual?
When was this one released?
This card is the usa version?
Does it come with diapers?
Is this the same Green Lantern lantern from The Big Bang Theory Season 3 episode 12?
and is this coming out on July 24, 2013? I need by mid-august so I just want to make sure.
What material are the battery and ring made of?
Hi, just a couple of quick questions: (1) Does the ring and battery prop light up when used?
I just received this and i put batterys in it and i did not work so i changed the batterys and it still does not work . Help me !!!
if I hit the substitute enough do i get a random pokemon plush that pops out or is it a set one?
Hi, my question is if it comes with the pokemon center tag? mostly because of the 1star comment
When is the estimated shipping if i live in NYC,USA?
How large is this?
How does this compare to Forbidden Island? If I own the other should I buy this one as well?
Can you play successfully with 6 people, since there are 6 cards and 6 game tokens?
does anyone know which dimension or brand card sleeves i should get to protect the 24 tile cards (the think square tiles)?
Is this game appropriate for a group of adults to play, or is it geared more toward families (multiple generations, including kids) playing together?
has anyone tried this as a solitaire game? Saw a comment on boardgamegeeks.com about playing it solitaire.
Can you excavate another tile while not on it (ie one space away) as they did in tabletop?
Can equipment cards be used by a player when it's not that person's turn?
How much sand does this hold?
Does it have any kind of drainage on the bottom?
Does the lid stay put when it is very windy, or does it fly off?
What is the interior depth of the sandbox?
What are the dimensions?
To anyone who has had it for more than one season...does the sun bleach the color of the plastic? Faded plastic toys upset me ;)
AGE LIMIT?
Does it come with the sand? Or would I have to purchase it separately?
Do you ship to Brasil? How much is the ship?
How is this to use as a baby pool?
How many inches is it?
Does it have any articulation ?
Is it really 6.3 x 4.7 x 2.8 inches, or is it one of those "Mini" figures?
can you play cribbage with these?
Do you send to Chile??
Are these paper or plastic cards? I'm guessing the former.
Is the size of the deck the same as a deck with normal numbers
The description says they ship in 3-4 WEEKS! Was that accurate in your experience?
is this one deck of cards or two?
Product Description "from the manufacturer" says they are made in the USA, but Product Details say origin is China. where are they made?
Are all the numbers and suits in either black or red - with no additional colors used?
hi, has some cost the shipping to Argentina?
Are these cards the same size as normal cards? Also, do they have 3 jokers per deck like bridge decks usually do?
Will i become a "boy of silence" if I wear this pillow?
Why is this product unsuitable for children under 16?
Can you wear this while driving? Sometimes my commute gets a bit tedious and I tend to doze.
Will your head overheat wearing it?
Is this washable? I would want to wash it before using it and then on a regular basis after using it.
How much will this squash down to? Will it fit inside my cabin bag?
will this fit a medium-sized horse?
How is this different from the 15 dollar ones?
Why does the person in the picture have their hands inside the sides of the Ostrich mask? Is that for plugging your ears with your fingers?
Can I put my full-size noise cancellation headphones with it?
would it be appropriate for a 10 year old.
Does it come with the charger?
Can the vileneon brushless motor fit in this?
will i have conflict with the remotes i also have a traxxas grave digger if i get another traxxas
what makes this truck worth 400.00 I bought my son's for 200.00 from a hobby shop
will it wheelie all stock on dirt or pavement and is a wheelie bar a good idea?
Is the battery, charger, and remote control included with the truck?
MEASURES ?
How do you adjust the table height?
What is involved in assembling this table? What tools are needed? How long does it take?
What do people use for chairs with this table?
Can someone please measure and give me the dimensions of the table. Thanks!
is there a light in the oven
why is there no cover on oven door
what are the measurements of the table top and how high does it adjust to, since it is an adjustable height?
Does anyone know if if only 2 people can play this game?
Is Sheldon not in the game at all?
our game clue has no question marks on game board??
I am really interested in buying this, however I'm from Sydney, Australia. Is there any way that you could ship to Australia? And if so, how much?
I would like to know the outside measurements of the game box (I want to send it overseas).
CAN JUST TWO PEOPLE PLAY
So Is This Stuff Fake?
Is this fake or real?
Question please. How many bills included. It just says "Set of...". I hope it is more than 2 bills? Thanks in advance for any help.
How many are in an order?
Is it printed on both sides?
They are the correct plugs for the Blade nano quadcopter
I think this is the wrong photo for this product. I think it should have JST plugs on it, not these little white ones. Can anyone confirm?
How do you install these? I've looked all over and can't find any instructions for how to install them on a Syma X1 quadcopter.
Is he made of soft batting or is it kind of hard?
What is the size of the Boo laying down plush?
How big is it?
Hi, i am in South Africa, and i dont have a credit card, is there any possible means that i can buy it?
what age boy would enjoy this the most?
is there an interactive gund animal?
can we move the arms or is it fixed if you guys have a pic of the knight i would be happy to see it many thanks all
Is any assembly required? Does the Knight stand on its own?
So this isnt 3D just a hanging decoration?
what size is the dark knight?
What is it made of? How heavy is it?
How high off the ground is the bed of the cot when it is set up?
How old of child will this accommodate?
Can a adult sleep on this?
what is the weight limit on this?
what size batteries does it take- giving it as a gift and don't want to open the package.
can it be played with one player.
what kind of batteries does this game take? I know the batteries are included, but I like to give spare batteries with gifts to my grandkids.
Can you see the laser?
How does it compare to 'The Laser Game - Khet 2'?
Up to how old is it good for? My son is 15 and loves thinking and logic. Is it too easy for him?
If we already have the game Rush Hour, is this game going to be redundant (i.e. Rush Hour with lasers)?
does it use a REAL laser?
Can someone please tell me how to change the batteries in the laser. We took the screw out of the bottom but can't get the plastic cover off.
Do you know of a way to get a replacement laser?
Is this appropriate for a 3 year old?
what size is it?
Do the wheels on Mack turn?
Has anyone had to replace the McQueen? Ours is lost so I am looking for another that will fit into Mac. Not sure which to buy.
Do the wheels of Mack / McQueen spin?
Will Mack fit down the race track on the Radiator Springs play set or is he too big?
Does the hitch rotate, or is it stationary?
Does the trailer come off the truck ?
What's the weight? description says 15.2 pounds, is that correct?
How many pieces is it?
Do the wheels roll?
is the product rc
is it rc
How big is this truck? What are the dimensions?
Are you able to play with them once completed?
Does this come inflated?
can a child 3.5 feet tall use this bounce ball? what is the weight limit for this product?
How can you refill air? Lost info.
Does this ball contain latex?
is this just an assortment or is it ten of each color?
If there are 10 different colors does that mean that up to 10 people can play at the same time?
do you get 10 dice of each color? I need 10 dice and 10 different colors.
Are these 10 sets of ten?
How are the dice packaged? I would like something easy to store and not have to sort them by color each time I want to use them.
are there instructions with the dice?
is it metal or plastic
How heavy is the pendant and what is the pendant made out of. Also how long did it take to come in P.S. I live in pittsburgh pa
what is this necklace made of
IS THIS COMPLETE WITH ALL WOOD
Does the swing set ship directly to your home or do you pick it up?
Is this a sturdy durable set?
how wide is the upper deck?
I see a slide in the picture, but it doesn't mention slide in description, is the slide included or would I have to purchase it seperately?
I have a question for the seller, how do I ask them a question? I want to know the warranty?
Do you have free shipping to monterrey mexico?
Is this really ok for up to 10 years old? What is the weight limit of the swings? My son is 6 and I want him to get a few years out of it.
What would be the minimum safe dimensions to safely use the swings in a fenced-in yard?
I need Product Dimension (inches) and Shipping Weight (pounds). Thanks
Can the slide and fort be mounted on the right side of the set? It looks like this might be possible if the top bar is rotated 180 degrees.
how high is the play deck? is it a 5 ft deck?
Is the wood included with this set cedar? Does it have to be treated every year for maintenance?
It says 36 months to 3 years. The children in photo look much older.
pls can you tell me the specification of yard space this playset will actually take up? the dimensions?
Is the lumbar included ?
How long does the battery last on a full charge? Can you replace the battery?
does this heli come assembled or do i have to put together ?
is the unit durable?
how high does it go?
Does any body no if you can adjust the cameras angle forward so it doesn't view so down ward?
What's the flight endurance? it flies for how long on one battery pack?
can the recharge unit be used in Ireland with 220v input as well as us 110v input?
Does it take great photos? Or is it just video?
I ran the battery down and recharged it now it wont get 6" off of the ground. What seems to be the problem?
Would a stronger battery increase flying time? If so, which would be the strongest/best battery? TY
Can you tell me how big these eggs are ie: the length of each egg? I want to put them outside but want to be sure they would be visible.
Are the eggs polka dot as shown in the photo, or solid color?
what is the size in inches
How many eggs in package for $19.50 ?
What us the depth of the pool?
Where is this pool made?
what are the inside dimensions?
How many gallons does it hold?
Does the face look more human like a TV series one or more animated like a Disney type of thing?
is it unopened in original box
Do the heads come off easily?
Is the jacket removable? (The blue one)
Is the jacket removable?
How tall is he?
Is this a Bandai of Japan Toy?
Is this NEW and in the box?
Is this NEW and in the box?
does the dino charge spin?
why so long until it ships? i don't mind the time it takes to get here. but it takes so long to get on its way!
Does it only come with two dino batteries?
What is leap's sister's name ? (Sorry, my toddler asked me this question)
Do these books work with the regular Tag (not the Tag junior)?
Can I use the regular Tag (not Tag junior) for LeapReader Junior books?
Do these books work with the regular LeapFrog LeapReader Reading and Writing System or does it have to be Leapreader "Junior"?
why there is no companion audio?
Will this hold a 300 lb person?
do these come in different sizes? what is the with at the smallest point
Can you lie on your stomach on this and be comfortable?
What amount of weight will it support?
How hard is it to find parts for the uno at your local hobby shop?
Does waterproof mean that the warranty covers water damage?
how fast does this go out of the box
does this come with transmitter and battery
Are the glasses on max removable?
are they as tall as Chelsea?
are they fully articulated?
Does it contain sticker? Can i stick it on my car?
What is this figure made out of? Some type of resin? Thanks
If the figure is turned upside down will the head fall off?
Hi, do you ship to hotels in the US territory? Thanks in advance
Do you ship to BRAZIL (S&atilde;o Paulo)???
Did anybody else's come with "frosted" glasses that you can barely see Walt's eyes through?
Can you ship it to Argentina?
Are you serious that this product is recommended for children 8-15 years old?
What size are the ballerina shoes? My daughter wears a size 11 toddler.
My 6 year old granddaughter would like this; however, she wears a child's size 12 shoe. Would the slippers even fit her???
What size are the Slippers in the Barbie in the Pink Shoes Dance Tote and Slippers?
Barbie In the Pink Shoes Ballerina Dance Tote and Slippers? Do these come in any other size than 3t
Does this game require kids to be able to read and do math?
What are the ages the Cashflow for kids is intended for?
hello, i would like to buy 5 units of Cashflow for Kids. If I order it now what would be the size of the packaging box and total weight for 5 units?
Which game would you recommend for ages 17 and 13 -- the adult game or the kids game of Cashflow?
Does this game come with the audio and cassettes that are offered from RIch Dad?
Can you ship to Indonesia?
Is it second edition?
You have cash flow ir Kids in SPANISH,
does the mini-gun barrel spin
How tall is he?
Does the chest light up? Do the eyes light up? Do the hand and feet light up?
Is it metal or plastic ? Or what is it made of
Does it fit well with Marvel Legends????
Can somebody tell me the size of the figure please?
does it come with the wings (scrander) ??
These figures can bend your legs and arms and head move?
How inch it's is .?
Can the sword be removed?
Pilder can be remove&iquest;.
What material is it? (plastic or metal)
this stand works with marvel legends 6" inches too???
can this stand also work for sh monsterarts figures???
Are the parts interchangable ,maybe I only want to display only two figures , can I take one of the rods off ?
are under the claws pegs that support the figma figures?
Will 2 of these work to display my MMPR figures? Is this going to be able to hold 3figures on each stand or am I better off getting 6 seperate ones?
Are the parts interchangable ,maybe I only want to display only two figures , can I take one of the rods off ?
will the stand hold portal 2 action figures?
Could these be used for DBZ sh figures as well
Will it hold DC Direct figures, specifically the New 52 figures? (sorry for any spelling errors)
hi, this stands works with marvel legends figure 6" inches too???
Do these dolls come with doll stands and a bag?
Do they come with additional outfits?
does this pack come in a box?
Do these dolls come with doll stands and a bag?
What age is this game best suitable for? I have a 5 and 4yr old and was wondering if this is a game they could play.
how does the multiplayer work? is it split screen?
Do you need a Wii U to play this game or can you play the game on just the Wii?
Does this game include the DLC characters?
is this compatible with a regular wii
have spanish language???
So playing with only one player, you MUST use the gamepad? And if you are playing two player, the 1st player has to use the gamepad?
Can you use the pro controller with this game?
Will this game work on a Wii U sold in Greece???
Can you do free roam like in lego batman 2???
is this good for a 3 year old?
People complained that a similar Melissa &amp; Doug set smelled like wood treated by formaldehyde &amp; other VOCs. Anyone experience something similar?
Are the dolls solid wood or are they particle board or plywood? Thanks.
How tall are the dolls?
Is this good for a three year old girl?
Can this be used In church
Can this be a bedroom decoration
Can this be used as a valentines day Easter 4th of July Halloween and Christmas decoration
Can this be used in a school classroom
Can this be uses in a game room
How can I customize the picture?
How about the name with 3 A's? Is it possible?
Does the banner come with happy birthday and I would need a 2 since its my sons 2nd birthday and his name I want to know how many letters there are?
Hi, can I build SEBASTIAN? (2 "A")
What are the dimensions of the banner?
How do I Personalize??
How do you attach this? does it have the rings in the corners to hang?
can you personalize wi th Just Happy Birthday and the childs name and leave the 1s off?
what is this made of? is it vinyl?
What songs does the toy sing?
Age recommendation?
Can this be put in the bath tub?
Is wearing tight jeans or bench-pressing large amounts of weight a requirement for this game?
Can only 2 people play or does it require more? Thanks.
I have not taught my child about Birds &amp; Bees. Will this game be adequate to do so?
Can an electric generator be used to blow up, incase you have to use where there is no power supply?
Could it be used in an inground pool? Would it float? Would it be safe to use in that case?
I would like to use this in Chile where they use 220V. Is the blower only 120V or does it say 120-220V
Does your leak underneath? I just bought mine &amp; am using it for the first time. If I lift it up there is puddles of water undeneath and I can see leak
do you have to run water continuously?
Does it have to be used in a grassy lawn? Or a concrete ground/pavement is okay? Thanks!
If I want it for 5 days straight, do I really need to store it each night? how about a tarp over it deflated?
Can you use the slide dry with a pillowcase or blanket, like the blast zone great white slide?
How durable is this? Can a german shepherd who can rip through garden hoses damage it? I want to get this but am afraid of it being torn apart.
Do you also need to purchase steel tent pegs for this?
is there include disc?
Is there any music accompanying the Homestar Classic -home planetarium?
How does this compare brightness-wise to the Uncle Milton's Star Theater Pro? Is it more or less bright?
What type of bulb does this use, and can it be easily replaced?
How large is the projection on a ceiling/wall 2 metres away?
how does this compare to the Homestar Pro 2nd edition? What is the wattage of the bulbs? Is the shooting star random or fixed?
Does this also include an AC adapter? If so, what voltage does it support? 120v/240v?
Thank You for your very fast shipping service.....please explain how to focus the projected image...as I do not read japanese
Do you ship to Brazil?
How do I get the circular motion feature to work? And yes the adapter is connected both to the Homestar Cassic and into electrical wall outlet.
Why does this not ship to Australia?
How many cards does the large box hold?
What art does the inside of the unfolded sleeve show?
Is the product sealed or open?
does it only give "Plains" as lands or all different types?
How many cards are there total?
DESCRIBE THE GAME
I ordered this last week and it arrived today, but I did not get this item, instead I got a box of 6 MTG Heroes vs Monsters battle decks.What do i do?
Please, I need to give Magic cards to an *experienced* player. Is this a good choice? Is there something better for similar price?
How many cards is in this set? Does the "Card Box" come empty? or full of cards?
does it connect to a belt
Includes ranger green coin?
Is this the morpher that you have to hold in the button for the whole theme song or do you just have to hold the button for a few seconds
is this the wave 2 version where the music plays on its own like the gold legacy morpher?
where can i find it cheaper
is this 4-8cell? I have a onyx210 charger and was wondering if I can use my charger to charge this.
Is there a contact number for the manufacturer of the battery packs? I purchased some duds.
What is the manufacture date on the battery and/or expiration date. Are these tamiya adaptor ends? Thanks.
Do they come fully charged or they need charged and if so how long for the first charge and the ones after that?
Are these female or male connectors
What are the 6 colors on the cubes? Considering using them for some artwork
do they come in a package of 6?
Do you get 1 or 6? One reviewer indicated you only get one but no one else mentioned that.
is this price $9.95 for one cube or 6cubes
Is Fluttershy's HAir light pink or dark pink?
what age is it for?
How big are the ponies?
Are there houses and hotels like the in the real monopoly?
Do you still anticipate that this game will be available starting tomorrow? Thank you.
is this new in box?
Are the pony token plastic or made of steel like the traditional games?
Can a 5 year old play this game
what is the dementions of these, how tall and wide are they, im thinking of putting flowers in them for little centerpieces ?
how many r in a pack
How many wrappers come in each order?
There is a question already answered with different replies. How tall is this? Is it tall enough for a grown adult to stand in and accept tickets?
Booth comes disassembled tickets ? What size box ?
How tall is it?
Do you ship to the uk?
How tall is it?
Are the cards 1st edition?
What cards are in it?
What cards are there?
Are they real?
can we use this card for tournament
is this a good thing to buy? Was it a waste of money?
i like a lot of the older cards. are the majority of holos original foil design or are they star and prism?
is it good for dueling?
Around how many original gen cards are there?
Around how many original gen cards are there?
If I purchase this twice, from two different sellers, will receive a different cards, or a lot of duplicates?
are they all in english?
What do they come in a real package or in something else
This doll is original?
Does she have the elastic joints in her hips?
do they fall apart easily
Is this the Clawdeen original that came out when they first did or is this a remade one that holds together better than when they first started out makeing the MH dolls?
Some Clawdeens do not have as much volume and curls in her hair. Is this doll's hair as pictured (very full and with nice big curls)?
does the have clawed fingers or as shown on photo?
is there a talking clawdeen?
Could you please give the model number on your Monster High Clawdeen Wolf Doll, thank you.
is the doll articulated?
The original dolls had removable arms to make dressing easier. Do these re-released dolls also have removable parts?
My step daughter really wants the original Frankie is this doll the exact original?
Does this come in the original box/packaging?
is this a first realise or re realise
how tall is frankie
Does the diary say the same thing on all the pages but in different languages?
Is the diary all English or is it English and a bunch of other languages?
Is the battery replaceable?
How long does the song play?
Do his clothes come off. I prefer just the red cozy Elmo, not the clothes?
Does Elmo sing the song?
How big is Lullaby Good Night Elmo toy?
Can it be washed?
How tall is this toy? Thanks.
are there any parts of the body that is hard/firm, like where the battery box ?
Does it have tiles
Would a 5 year old like this? Or would it be too hard?
Is it a speed cube?
does it come sovled
Does it comes with solutions
how long will it take to get here
how do you make it go faster?
Rubik for toddler?
Do you think I should buy it?
Is this cube good even if it is not waxed?
Do you need a camera on the ipod touch to use this product? We don't have a smart phone, but we do have an ipod touch (there's just no camera)
I don't have a Smartphone or Ipod Touch. Can I use my I-phone or I-pad instead?
is hard to setup
I have a 5.5" smartphone...does it work? or is it too big? (LG pro lite)
I have a 5.5" screen smartphone (LG Pro lite)...does it work for this game?
Can this toy also work with or require an Ipad instead of an iphone?
Can you use other props besides the ones supplied in the box, or is the game limited to those?
Could you please tell me what the appropriate age range is for this set. Thank you.
Can anyone give me the dimensions for the horse piece- got this as a gift and thought maybe I should find a carrying case for all the pieces. Thanks!
Is the horse magnetic? Can we put it on the fridge?
Is the horse magnetic? Can we put it on the fridge?
do you have to support her head like a real baby? is her body made of cloth? is she weighted like a real baby?
is her mouth magnetic
is her mouth magnetic ?
Does she or he have a cloth tummy or silicone one .I want to know because I want to give her baths
Does she has a silicone tummy
Does she has a silicone tummy
Does she has a silicone tummy
What do Consumers say about Lifelock?
what size clothes does Sophia Wear?
how much does she weigh? I've 6lbs and 3.5lbs that's a big differnece. Does each doll have a different weight?
I see that you are located in the UK. Is the power plug/transformer UK or USA?
So i am confused. Does this include track and cars
Does this work in the US?
Will standard delivery get the set to me before Christmas?
Is this the whole set or just the two cars?
Does it have roller at the bottom of the base so that it can be around easily
What is the highest height of the rim? I wasn't sure if 6' was the tallest height of the backboard or the rim
i just got this product and im curious to know how to raise the height of the rim, i feel like something is missing or is there anything extra i eed to purchase?
can you order extra soft basketball
Can you use a standard-sized basketball?
how tall does go up to ?
does it come with a ball
what is the size of the rim?
Any easy way to put these on your own wrist? (almost 17 years old)
The description says it includes connectors but reviews from customers say it doesn't
What is the shelf life of this product? If I don't use them all at our event could I put them up for another event later in the year?
What is the diameter of these glow sticks?
what i shauld do? the amazon write me We're sorry. This item can't be shipped to your selected destination. You may either change the shipping address
Can someone tell me the actual thickness size of these? I can't figure out how to contact the seller. Thanks!
how long are these when not connected?
Do these glow sticks come with the plastic part that allows them to become a necklace?
Do these glow well? Some of the glow stuff I bought look good only in the pictures...
I want to make sure these come packaged well with padding and will I get a bunch of them that won't glow? That would not go over well with kids:(
I want to order these for a party with kids but want to make sure after reading reviews they will come packaged with padding?
When you revived the order were the glow necklaces already glowing or did you have to snap them to make them work?
Has anyone tried connecting this to the other sets?
Will the track work with matchbox cars as well as the trains?
Do the Thomas "die cast" trains work on this track?
What is the size (length by width) once the tracks are put together?
What is it about this kit that makes it unsuitable for beginners?
does it light up or sounds?
how long in inches is the model
How long is the actual model itself?
Does this kit include aztecing decals?
Is this a kit or a completed model?
What are the dimensions?
Does this toy have the different colored faces (how it is pictured) or are they brown like the reviewers have stated?
Do the eggs stay closed together, i.e. snap together &amp; stay together, or does the lid egg top just "rest" on the base of the egg? Thanks!
How does this toy compare to to the Kidoozie Peek n Peep eggs?
Where is the toys manufactured?
What is the age group ?
Do the colored eggs come out of the shells?
We have twins. Should we buy 2 of these?
Is this toy also lead free?
There are 2 options. The hide and squeak eggs and the chairperson sorting eggs. Is there a difference in the one I select?
Can you match the green face to the green chick (by color) or match the green face to the face on another color of egg (by expression)?
What size music button? Would this be it? 2.9 x 3.9 inches ; 0.3 ounces
can i order by the case and how much is it
can i speify the color of hair and are they together or one
Will it come in good packing?
does this steam loco have dcc
Does this locomotive have smoke also
what is the largest brushless motor i can install in this heli , and does anyone know where i can find a brushless tail motor for this same bird..
I got the kit and installed it. No instructions. The motor wont start. There was one black wire remaining from the ESC pcb what is it for?
Do you have to run a brushless tail motor w/thi kit
What is the KV of the motor provided?
How much weight does it hold. WHat is the warranty?
Is there a place that we can attach a line on it to our boat so the kids won't float to far from the boat
Does this come with a rope ladder?
Is this towable behind a boat
The shipping weight says 37lbs. Is this a true shipping weight? I'm hoping to travel with this on a plane but that would make it too heavy...
Is this sturdy enough for floating the guadalupe river in New Braunfels TX? Has anyone personally used one on that river?
Do you have to blow it up or can you use a pump. If a pump - What kind?
Do you have to blow it up or can you use a pump. If a pump - What kind?
Is there enough room to lay out on the top area?
Does anyone use a carrying case or some sort of storage container when this isn't in use? Anyone know where to find such a thing?
Is the vinyl of this doll soft or hard?
Does she lay down
is she able to stand up and seat up like a real baby
does she come with bow and shoes
do you have to build her
does she come with the cloths
can she fit magnet passie firers in her mouth
do her eyes open and close?
is she floppy?
Does she make baby like noises
Would this ring be suitable for everyday wear?
What size is the ring?
Is the ring adjustable?
does the battery die after about 30 uses like air hogs heli copters
is this item in stock ? can you ship it to UK ?
size
does it have a camra
CAN IT BE USED IN SALTWATER POOL
The cover art shows this includes the Night Terrors expansion. Description says that for now it includes Urban Legends too. Has anyone received both?
Is this better than the newest 'deluxe edition'? I don't know which to buy or if there's much difference besides new art designs.
which edition of the game is it? becouse the photo indicates the 2011 ediition which i prefer
Is this the same as One Night Ultimate Werewolf? I recently watched Table Flip on Polaris and was curious if this was the same game or not.
Does the sparkly glitter come off? I don't want the glitter all over the house and stick on her hands, mouth, nose, or eyes.
would my 5 year old granddaughter enjoy this or is she to old for this toy?
How big is the actual book? Dimensions please?
do you think my 5 year old granddaughter would like this or do you think this is for younger kids.
What ages are recommended for this product?
Is it ok for 2 year olds?
What is the frequency for the control?
Gave this to my grandson for Christmas. Worked great for 2 weeks and now will only go in circles. Have been very careful with it and in no water.Help?
what frequency?
is viper on same frequency as the killer whale
how to activate remote of this car? I have placed 3 battieris inside car? what type of battery need to place for remote to work?
What age group?
Can anyone definitively answer what batteries this toy takes? There have been several different responses here saying different things.
what frequency does it run on? it should say at the bottom of the train
is it wireless?
How big is it?
How well does this drive over bumps and small objects? Could you use it on grass or at a playground?
how good does this run on carpet
what is the frequenzy on the jeep?
how long does it take to run out of darts
Does this item come with the darts and clip?
Can you fire single shot without batteries?
Does it ever gam, if so how do u fix it
what batteries do I need for it?
What exactly is frustration free packaging? Sounds suspiciously like a refurbed product.
Why does the seller say colors may vary..? As in I might get a black one or shades of blue vary...? TIA!
How long do standard batteries last?
Is this fully auto or do you stil have to pull the trigger for each dart fired even when using the acceleration trigger?
My son is 4'6" and 60lbs. Will this be too much for him to handle in neighborhood wars?
Does the "frustration-free packaging have a picture of the product on it or is it just a brown cardboard box? Thank you.
is this blaster the best
how big is it
People who have the newer "fixed" versions only: Apart from it not jamming anymore, does it still suffer from inconsistent ranges and bad accuracy?
Is it good or does it jam and stuff
can you take off the barrel?
Does it require batteries?
why does this gun constantly get jammed
Is the thunderbow better than the centurion?
Hi, you can send the toy without cardboard, you can remove the cardboard y to send protected, but without unnecessary weight? Weight total 4 pounds.
Is this similar to the Kinnect for the Xbox? How or how not?
Is this just an upgraded version of the Playstation Eye? I play the champions game, will this work better than the eye?
does this have motion gaming like the kinect
Which the contents of the pack? Comes with the support?
does this have motion gaming like the kinect
Is there an extension cord for the camera available?
Does the camera have the ability to record and store videos directly onto the ps4 hard drive?
Does the camera come with a mount? I've read and watched reviews and they show a mount included. I just want to make sure it comes with one or not.
Can you olny use the playstation eye for 2k face skan, or can u use this as well
Is there any extention cable available ? The cable cannot reach the playstation. It is too short...
Is it worth it to buy this if my sole intention is to play the campaign? Have no interest in KZ multiplayer.
Is this just another graphical showcase like Ryse was for the X1 or is there an actual game hidden in here?
can you play off line as a single game or is it just multiplay mode. do i need to buy playstation plus?
Does it come with a redeemable code that I need, or need to play online?
Is the game a disc or just a digital download
is this game a mutil-language pack of both Chinese and Korean Edtion?
Can 2 people play this game with 2 controllers on one console in co-op mode? If yes and is not too much trouble, please explain how to do that.
Is there a co-op mode? In other words, can two players play this game locally?
Do I need internet connection even to play single player mode?
is this game couch co op?
does this come with the upgraded aluminum parts? Shocks, links, etc? Does it include the spare tire?
does it come with electronics
would a 3 cell 2200 lipho battery work ok with this truck?
I know that I need to get the electronics for the truck, but what do you recomend that I use for the electronics? Pleas be specific with everything.
Do you ship to Italy ?
Everybody says you need to supply the electronics, but the description clearly says that the electronics are included???
is it a kit that you have to set up
What esc do you guys reccomend?
what motor do you recomend?
is Mega Block compitable with Lego?
I want to get a good Halo Mega Blok set (I don't have any), is this a good starter set (yes, I have alot of legos)?
does it carry troops like the pelican does
is Mega Block compitable with Lego?
Are the packets numberd?
my son is 5 years , will he fit in this ?
Does the car have reverse feature too? If yes than what is the speed?
I have 11 years will I fit in this?
I need to khow the dimensions and weight of the box.....
Is this comes with parents remote control???
Does the Door to the car open? Or kids have to climb in?
What are the dimensions of the package?
How long is the tunnel portion? Or is it just 3 rooms? Having trouble figuring out the left side of the pic.
Is it durable? What kind of material is it?
CAN ADULTS FIT IN
How many balls does the product come with?
I am trying to see if this will be durable enough for a birthday party...can it be bent and impact the ability to fold back up?
How many additional balls should I buy for the ball pit section?
what are the four pieces that you can connect other than the ball zone?
Is there a special pit for the balls or ball stop so they don't just go all over?
How tall in inches is the the middle unit?
what is the average age for this product?
What powers it? There are no gears.
How is the length changed?
I searched ezy roller pink, I want pink but when I add it to the cart its red. Can I get pink?
Is this product too small for someone that is 5'10"?
can young adults like 18-26 use thus ?
Can this spin 360 degrees? We have a Radio Flyer Ziggle that we LOVE, but our big kids can't ride it because of weight limit.
If you have used this indoors at a gymnasium, do the wheels mark up the floor?
Would this be suitable for an 8 or 9 year old boy?
I'm not sure how this works. Is it like a box car derby where you haveto be going downhill? Howis it propelled?
what are the package shipping dimensions
does this toy come with any free coverage if something breaks or do you have to buy a protection plan?
can an 11 year old fit on it?
What are the dimensions of this box that this is shipped in?
How much leg room does this model have? It is recommended for up to age 10. I have a very small 7-year-old who has outgrown the 12-volt dump truck.
could this hold a bunch of sticks and small logs?
does it go fast with 2 pasengers?
How long does it run when fully charged?
how much assembly is required at delivery?
what is the weight limit??
Does remote come with batteries? If not what kind does it need?
does it work on carpet?
does it use a remote?
Does this spider move backwards-forwards-right-left-does it run on wheels when engaged how does the legs move?
Would you recommend a tarp underneath when placing it outside?
Can this unit be used for commercial purposes?
what kind of a warranty does it have?
Does the blower have to be plugged in the whole time? How long is the cord?
What are the dimensions when it is rolled up in the storage bag?
Is this for indoor/outdoor use, or just outdoors?
Is the fan the same as the blower?
Did anyone have an issue with the sides not holding the kids in, e.g. do the sides collapse outward if kids fall against them?
I will be using this indoor. Is there anything that comes instead of ground spikes to secure it?
Dimensions say 15x12, but s it 12x12, and then the entrance exit/slide comes out another 3 feet? Or is an entire side 15'?
how long and wide is the car?
Are the chromed parts pre-painted?
do you need glue
The recommended age is 3-5. I have a 6 year son who absolutely loves trains and different tracks. I was thinking of getting this for him. Is he too old for this?
Does this come with train cars, and if so, how many and which ones?
How wide across is the track? Will it fit fisherprice wheelies?
Can this set be connected to other GoGo track sets???
Is the train the only car to go by its self?
I thought go go meant GO...These cars need to be pushed..WHY?
Is the tow truck motorized i.e. will it drive along the track unassisted?
Will motorized cars work with this set or only certain VTech Sets? There are a lot of sets available. Is one better than another?
What are the recommended ages for this toy?
Can this be attached to other Gogo track sets?
Is the electronic tow truck the same as the one sold separately?
Would you say that this is more of an indoor or oudoor bike (or both)?
What is the seat height on this?
Two questions, is it sturdy and is it more for a one year old or a three year old? Thanks!
Could the front and back wheel bases be swapped so the wider base is in the front, thereby avoiding running over tots' feet?
Does this item roll on carpet? We have limited carpet and tile; I am hoping for something that will move, even if slowly, on carpet.
Amazon states the origin as USA, but I've seen a comment that says the box states that this is made in China. Can someone confirm where this is made?
What's the weight limit on this? Our baby is much larger than average, so age doesn't really apply as well as weight does. Does anyone know?
Does the steering handle turn the wheels or are the wheels stationary?
Are the wheels rubber over plastic? Plastic over plastic? I am wondering about traction and floor marking...
does the dress touch the ground like a gown??
does it come with the veil?
How long would it take to ship to Miami? do you ship to Puerto Rico?
Will these hangers fit on a standard size closet rod?
Could you tell me the width of the space on the hanger where it hooks onto the clothes bar? Thanks in advance!
i want to buy a set of hangers that will fit in my kidkraft armoire. I need more of the similar size hangers that the armoire came with. I need more
Will these hangers fit kidkraft doll armiore
What are the dimensions?
when I buy the hangers I need more bang for my buck but I want to make sure the hangers fit the armoire. The chihuahua clothes will fit I just need th
How long are the hangers?
Can you tell me the length of the hangers?
when hanging pants, do you put the hanger between two pant legs and hang one leg on each side? do they fall off easily?
How big are these hangers? They appear to be the size of toddler clothing but are they tiny? Like under 4 inches wide? Thanks
Do the furniture sets that come with the house include all the same pieces that are in the sets when sold separately? Which ones are included?
Is it made in Germany or China?
How mobile is this dollhouse? Moving room to room or into and out of large toy box possible? Fold n Go from M&amp;D more ideal but dolls we have don't fit
What are the dimensions of each room?
Can you open the toilet seat, or is it a solid piece?
I would like to know what the dimensions and weight of the box? I would like to see if it can fit my suitcase.
Is this an appropriate doll house for an 18 month old?
Can all the furniture be moved around or is it fixed in place?
How tall is this dollhouse? How wide?
What furniture is included?
Is this R/C helicopter durable?
If i already own the rtf version can i bind one of these tx-r to the stock radio without anything extra?
Can I fly this with a Spektrum DX6i DSMX transmitter?
Will thisfly under water?
Does this have alot of moving parts? Arms, legs, feet and head?
is this the lastest ryback figure
is this the lastest ryback figure
What are the age recommendations?
We have tried two sets of batteries and the castle is not talking. The on switch is set to on. any other ideas?
Why the gender specifics? "Boys will love role playing with Mike"? Why exclude?
About how tall is the Mike figure? I'm trying to figure out which of my son's other toys will be small enough to be used in play with this castle.
Are the parts too small for a two year old?
good for a one year old
My almost 5 year old loves imaginative play and keeps pointing to this but I'm worried he's almost too old for it. OK for 5+ years?
How many pounds of sand do you recommend that I use to fill the sandbox?
Does this come with a cover?
what is the size of the sandbox?
What are internal dimensions of sandbox?
Two questions: They say 4mm; are they really less than a 1/4 of an inch thick? Do you think I could cut a slice off to make a travel palette?
are their cores more like pastel or watercolor pencils?
Why have these doubled in price? They were just $40 just a couple of days ago!
Are these the same size as the ones currently on the market?
Is it the english edition, with card names like "Mayfair, old kent, park place, Piccadilly, Bow" or is it the american version?
What is the number of players for this version of the game?
Does the board fold in two or four pieces? The classic bold only had one fold and is more sturdy.
Does the board fold in half or in quarters? Is it an oblong or square when folded?
does the board fold in two
Can I carry this to India, as the allowed frequency in India is 27 MHz. I read somewhere like "Radio controlled helicopters: only those operating at 27 MHz are permitted. Those operating on other bands will be inspected on a case by case basis and...
does this come with the blade gaurds?
The U830 does NOT have a camera. Two reviewers mention a camera. Why do the reviewers mention a camera? (U818A has a camera)
Is this Quad 6-axis and RTF (ready to fly) ?
How long does Quadcopter take to charge and how many minutes does it fly?
how long and how far will this thing fly?
Where do you ship from? Do you ship right away?
I am in need of 75 red clown noses. Could they ship out this week?
if i ordered today, would i get it by thursday evening at 27511 zip code?
Only standard shipping is available which says 28 bus days. estimated shipping is July 3 - 7, 2014. Is xhorizon US based?
How long will shipping take to Portland Oregon? Your info says 28 days..
Does it really take over two weeks for shipping I ordered clown noses today and need them on the 17 th of May ????
Does this chart come in separate wooden pieces or is it all one long chart?
How old of a child do you think this growth chart will work for?
can the chart be rolled for storage?
How did you mount it on the wall? Nails? 3M Command strips?
How would one install this? If the starting point is about 30 inches above, but the child is only a year old?
Are the measurements in centimeters only?
What is the age for this mini cooper?
My curios what is the difference between this and the Aria model (which is half the price)
how fast does the car go?
Are both rear wheels powered by the motor or only one? I have one and put it together but only the rear right has a connection to the drive line.
does the mini cooper has seat belt?
the doors is open
What is the weight limit
It this item has remote control?
How much does this car weigh?
Where can you get a replacement battery charger for this car?
how tall are they?
Can they be bent to a sitting position to go on a cake?
Do they float?
Can they swim?
Can they swim?
how tall are the dolls?
is this track appropriate for a 4 year old?
When the package arrived, how big it was? I am asking because I want to buy and take it with me in flight for my nephew, so wanted to know how big the
How do you reload the rubber band ? My son took it off when I wasn't watching and I can't get it back with enough tension to make it work.
i need to know the box size, because its a gift and i need to send it out of THE STATES, please let me know
Does this track connect with other hot wheels sets? I have the track builder set and want to expand
it says no batteries required? is that correct? Does it require to be connected to electric outlet for anything? help!!
how does this work, is there a port to connect somewhere? or batteries are needed?
Is this compatable with the loop &amp; drift or the radical roadway? I'm buying one for my nephew and know nothing about hot wheels! Thanks!
Grandson is two would it be okay for him
Is this race track appropriate for a boy who is 4 1/2 years old?
when adding a camera is there a botton on remote to activate it or how does it work
Just got my F645 today and was setting up my radio to Mode 2. All of my other helis in mode 2 the left stick does the throttle and the tail rotor motor to make it spin CW or CCW. This F645 in Mode 2 uses the right stick to make the tail rotor motor...
I would like to know if there is a difference between the new design F45/f645 MJX2.4 Ghz 4ch and the other one F645/F45 4ch MJX? Pat
is this the new model MXJ F45 With the New Model Transmitter Because you have the Helicoptor blade hiding the transmitter let me know befor you ship o
Is this the new version or old version?
I had three main motors failed. They overheated and burned. I installed motor cooling aluminum on one motor, but that did not help. Any suggestion?
does the remote control come with?
How long is this plane? and what is the Resolution of the camera?
How big is this Helicopter? and is anyone knows the Resolution on the cam?
What is the overall length?
how many glasses can you made from 2 packs of this?
How long does the glow last? Can the glow be reused?
I live far away and they will be stored for like 3 weeks will they still work?
can these be used in a swimming pool? my sister wants a glowstick pool party.
`how many glasses can I make from this set?
How many bracelets will one set make?
Is each of the glow sticks individually wrapped
do the connections hold up well? I plan on using these for a glow run - will they stay on my wrist throughout the run without breaking off?
Are the plain old bracelet connectors pre-attached to the sticks, or do you have to attach all 100 connectors?
Can I put these around plastic cups to play beer pong? If so, how would I attach them round the cups?
Does this have to be put together in one of the suggested configurations, or can a child just randomly create different patterns?
How many spiral funnels come with this set? It's not clear from the description if it's one or three.
does it come with marbles?
Thinking about buying this for my son who is turning 8. He he too old for this toy?
Can you buy different Hape Quadrilla sets &amp; combine into a mega set?
Do the pieces "lock" together (like plastic marble runs)?
i would like to know how many pieces these has and if came with marrbles thanks
I am having trouble using the large red piece. it doesn't move back and forth. Has anyone had success building runs including this?
How do you catch the marbles that run out? Is there a correlary product or tray that does so?
Would this be compatible with the "old school" style wooden marble runs that are simple blocks with holes and straight tracks?
length?
I didint get the package
Can you use with booster seat
Does the seat pet come with the backpack strap with is advertised on TV and the seat pet website. A reviewer here said she got it after demanding it.
does it work on regular toddler car seat
I would like to see a picture of pet with child in car seat
What is the size of the seatpet? The given product dimensions don't sound "right" ( 21 x 4.5 x 0.5 inches)? Is it an effective pillow?
will this fit a toddlers ???
can you buy a backpack strap for it separately?
does it work on a carseat
Does this work on a high back booster seat?
Is this purchase for a Tan (as stated) or Purple(as pictured) Monkey.? Niece wants Purple?
airplane
Does this fit on a toddlers car seat?
Do you have the lion?
Will these stand on a cake?
Do all of these figures fit inside the Jam Box?
How tall are these figures? I may be missing something, but I can't find the dimensions listed in the description, reviews or questions. =)
what is the Jam Box
Are these figures hollow or solid? Thanks for information
what size are the figures?
Material? Any one have any idea what they are?
Are these too big to stand on a cupcake?
what is thier size ?
is she s full body or a cloth body?
Is she African American or white?
Is this beautiful baby scented? Scent wafers? Scented vinyl?
Is her body hard or soft to squeeze?
How old Is she
What size does she wear
How much vinyl is on the arms and legs? Can the cloth be seen wearing a onesie?
Can you pearce her ears and can you feed her a bottle
Can you bathe her
Is she magnetic?
Could, say, college sized kids fit in this?
I understand that the pump needs to be continuously running the whole time otherwise it will deflate. My question is...is the pump run on batteries, or does it have to be plugged in? If it's run on batteries, how long will it last. I want this to be...
Can you inflate it then take the air pump off and leave it inflated for indoor use? Or must the pump be running the entire time it is being used?
how do you get in? is there a door or do I have to pick the child up over the top
Approximately how many kids could fit inside at one time?
Is there a stated weight limit?
What is the bottom made of? Is it just a sheet of material on the floor or is it also inflated to give some padding?
Is the material cat claw resistant?
how much room does it take up when not in use? This would have to go in our living room
Do you just blow it up and leave it? Or does it need to be plugged in during use and have air constantly pumped into it?
What are the stats for this battery? I know that it will work for the Syma X1...
Do these batteries have over charge protection?
Does this battery fit the SYMA 12 Nano copter?
Will these batteries work with any other quadcopter?
Will this word in the Syma X11 Quad?
What's the C rating for this battery? How can I find out?
What is the name for the type of connector this battery has? (I want to plug it into a lipo charger I have, but I need a connector adapter for it.)
Can the USB charger that comes with the X1 safely be plugged into a USB wall charger to charge these batteries?
Are these a 20c battery or a 25c battery?
will these fit a syma s107g?
How tall are these figures? (Nowhere in the description does it specify the height and width)
Anyone know whether it is the japanese version with the kai logo or us release with the actual dbz logo? thanks!
come with original box?
Come with the original Box?
Since I'm new to DBZ I ask, can Frieza turn into his different forms at will or only when he dies?
japan version / usa version ?
what is the lowest price.
why does it cost so much?
Is the figure comes with the tamashii brown transportation box ?
Hey, is he worth the money ,and is he durable
Where is this train manufactured?
Will the RS-3 Diesel work using TMCC?
does it glow in the dark?
what scale is this
Are the guard rails on the locomotive made of plastic or metal?
The description sez "Set Includes: 6-30229 0-8-0 locomotive and tender 6-38249 RS-3 Diesel 6-39373" is that correct? You are including two engines!?
How much track is included and can more track be purchased somewhere to expand?
I've read that the 2014 version of this train is worth waiting for ... can you tell me what improvements / changes have been made for the 2014?
What's the difference between this train and the other train listed for $1 more? They are both polar express o-Gauge.
Can more than one locomotive be run by the remote control? Essentially, is the remote control connected to a transformer on the track, or directly to the locomotive thereby only controlling one engine?
The "coupling " on the back of the coal car is "sprung"... what can I do about this? It will not hook up the other polar express train cars.
Is it compatible with other dcc systems
Is the train able to puff smoke out of the box or do you need to purchase the smoke fluid? Want to make sure this feature works on Christmas morning
Can I add the extra cars that are Polar Express themed? I'm wondering if they will connect with the cars in the set and if the engine is strong enough
What is he train made of? IE metal o plastic?
Do I need to buy additional tracks to make track go around my Christmas tree?
what is the difference between O-gauge and G-gauge?
Can you actually see the smoke as it puffs...the last Lionel I had you could only see it if you were eye level and against a dark back ground.
Can this model run by itself? or does someone have to be sitting by the remote controling it?
Hi! What is the difference between this set and the other Lionel Penn Flyer O Gauge train set listed for about $264?Do U have a picture of the box?
How do you get the train cars to attach to each other? I attach them but they pull apart very easily. What am I doing wrong?
can we buy extra track?
Does the carboose have lights as stated in the description, I just got a set and it seems empty.
What is the input voltage range of the transformer?
is track included?
Is it possible to control the volume of the train sounds?
Can you turn off the constant chuffing sound but still have the whistle and bell sounds work?
flying time
can some one tell me how to trim my v912 so when i hit the throttle it flies up and down, now it just goes sideways and the craft wont stop spinning ?
Im having trouble with binding my 912 I could get the blades to move side to side and not to spin and now its doing nothing i cant find a step by step process
If I buy 2 of them will it be a problem with the two kids using them at the same time?
attempted to level swashplate,now the 912 takes off toward 7,8 or 9 o'clock and I have to really have to work to get it back and land.Recommendations?
can you tell me how i set my transmitter into mode 4
Is this v912 a bnf model thanks
I'm considering doing FPV flying on my V912. I found a camera/transmitter combo weighing 3-4 oz. Can this heli handle it? If not, what's the max?
how hard is this for some one changing from coaxils to single blade rotor?
Amazon shows 2 V912 models - 1 for $59 and 1 for $69. Does anyone know the difference? Is the more expensive one an upgrade to the cheaper one? Thanks.
is this an original toy story disney product?
this toy speaks Spanish?
Why you do not send to Spain?
does this come with floats and wheels??
does this plane do stunts for instance turn over and over, do flips, etc?
What charger do I buy?
Will the electronics survive a water crash? As a beginer, I expect to have a mishaps.
What type of battery connector does this have?
Seriously? No KV rating? Does anybody know what the rating is?
How high can this plane fly?
Can you hook a go pro to this if you wanted to?
Can I swap out the receiver with one that's compatible with my transmitter?
will this plane bind with a Spektrum DX8
Hello, Is this figure posable or is its orientation fixed?
Is the light saber included ?
watch the films of star war are the trilogy about?
Who makes this?
Do you send it to Brazil?
Is this the same as the one they are selling at Costco? That one talks, I believe.
what does darth vador do,exactly? He has a few buttons. He didn't come with a book. Does he need batteries? Does he talk ,walk, or make sounds?
How is the item packaged?
HOW CAN I PICK THE COLOR
just no battery with this one right? or is there other stuff not included that is need to get to make it an RTR?
how long to charge the battery
Is this good for running in grassy areas?
If I hit something at top speed will the car break?
What's the difference betwen this model TRA24054 and the model TRA2405?
We received the car, but the charger that came with it is for a cigarette lighter. Should it have come with a wall charger or adapter?
Should I get different tires if using this mainly on the street?
On average how long will a fully charged battery last?
Is the battery charger included?
How many buttons come with the kit?
Does this come with any materials to start with, or do I need to buy them separately? What size pins/buttons does it make?
Where can we buy refills?
Can I get a basic walkthrough of how this actually works?
What size buttons does this make? I want to buy refills at the same time...
Does this plush have a plastic clip for attaching to a bag or similiar? The picture does not show one.
Does this plush have the talking feature?
suggestion? either say that in your information or, like other sellers, show ONE doll in the photo... less misleading? :)
is the box of 16 included in the $12.99 price?
Can two of these be flow at the same time without interfering with each other?
Hi there - what camera does it come with and what quality is it - HD 720 or HD 1080?
Is this the 6 axis version or the 4 axis?
how long does it fly?
Just received this purchase and Apparently the video camera that came with my purchase the V959 Quad copter with built in camera is'' bad''. Only take photos , no videos...For this model ,what is the cost of replacement video camera...... before X MAS ?
Hi. Please tell me if it comes in its original box. Thanks
it says in the first description one spare part included bubble blower but doesnt mention it anywhere else so is it included or is it just the camera?
Why does the v959 quad copter with built in camera only take photos no videos .I have tried single depresing the camera button doubble clicking it and hold it down, yet only photos, no video . Help D.C. May better instuctions on video mode would be...
This one brings the camara correct, or because Bubble blower V959-17 it does not bring the camara?
How to manged to make it fly straight? I tried whole evening, it doesn't fly straight, it's not stable.
Hi, do you ship to the UK?
Where can I find 2 more of the 3 way track pieces? this only comes with 2, and I need 4.
hi everyone, it the station compatible with brio tracks? thanks
Hi, Can you please give me the overall dimensions of this product? We have Tidmouth Sheds on our train table and want to make sure this will fit.
Does this come with the station building or just the track and canopy pictured?
Hello,in the product description it says that the product comes with a v track. Does it come with 2 pieces of v track?
How annoying is this toy for an adult?
The product has audio in Portuguese?
there are two FP activity tables. Significant difference in price. Yet I can not tell the difference in quality. Is the more expensive Laugh and Le
Hello, it wanted the Spanish one which of the two I choose.
Does it tip over when baby pulls himself up?
Is there a setting for English only??
would toy with songs in Spanish
when you hit the piano keys does it play a melody? Looking for something that has melodies similar to the F.P. keyboard walker/bouncer
How tall is it when the legs are on? I have to return another table for not being tall enough for my 9 month old.
what is the second language on this toy? I can not find it off the description. Thanks,
how fast does it go
remote distance ???
What Frequency is this car in?
Can buyers choose the color they want?
After having for only about 8 hours our plane no longer has power. We tried changing batteries and recharging but still nothing. Please help!
Can it be flown outside?
Would this be appropriate for a 7 year old or is he too young to handle this plane?
I bought this last year. The white tiny switch on the bottom where you plug the plane in to charge broke off. Where can I order this part?
What are the dimentions in inches?
I recently bought your cessna 782 airplane transmeter lights charges the plane but wont work , Payed $34.99 now what?
What is the age limit
We charged the plane and the propellers will not turn and no noise can even be heard from the plane.
what kind of material is the plane made from?
Dear Seller, I've bought this device, however I could not find the plane charging cable in the box or anywhere. Please advise. Thanks.
Origin: Imported (Japan) but,why it is made in china?
Is the box original with brand and logo bandai?
That&acute;s really a Bandai product?
Will they make battle versions for the whole crew?
is this a fake or is it real with the sticker and everything
How tall is it?
Just curious, is this figure, (along with the others in the robot spirits series), already put together or are they model kits that need assembly?
how big is it, how tall?
Which sort of of stand would be recommended to use to display this figure?
Does the quad-copter have a camera and does the remote have a screen so you can see where it its going from its view
How much weight can this lift (I realize the heat and battery issues that come with payloads)?
Which batteries does the Estes Dart R/C Quadcopter use? Amazon has a discrepancy..in prod details-says 4AAA &amp; in prod descr-says 6AA..
How to put the controller in neutral
How do you go about changing motors. One of my motors was trashed in a crash?
does this product come with a controller and does it have a hover default mode when you let go of the controls
How long does the battery last? How long does it take to charge it?
Does it fly decently outdoors even if there is some wind?
How do you open this to put bubble solution inside? Or do you just pour it into the top holes?
How do you open back up the dayum thing to put more bubble solution in. I twisted it and made it loose but the top/bottom still won't separate???
How to make mine work
Is this toy manufactured in the u.s.
The size?
how it compares to tupperware shape o ball
Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?
What is the best age range for this toy? It recommends 6 months to 4 years, but are kids over a year really interested in it?
The price just increased $6 to $19.99. Is it worth it?
Does it let water in the boat to create mold?
do the cars float when they are out of the boat?
Where is this manufactered? The discription says it is imported
Would a 6 year old like this toy?
How easily do the wheels come off? I'll closely supervise since it's bath time, but wondering how easily they could become choking hazards. Thanks!
Does the boat float?
What are the dimensions of the ferry? (About how big is it?)
Are extra cars available?
is it crazy to give this to a 10 month old?
Is it too young for a 15 month old?
Can adults wear these? age 18-30
Can you wipe off these aprons?
How best could I personalize these aprons? What medium would work best to put individual names on each apron?
Can these aprons be decorated - e.g. with fabric pens?
Any problems with stuff soaking through? Planning to use for a painting craft. Thanks!
Can these fit a two year old? Whats the fabric like? Thanks so much!
Would a sharpie marker work to put kids' names on them?
Will these fit 10 year old girls? Thanks
Would this fit a boy that wears size 7-8?
Are they machine washable?
Can you decorate them with iron on transfers?
Are they washable?
How can these be decorated? Foam shape adhesive? Fabric markers?
What is the depth of the bag at the base (8 x 10 x ___?)?
Which would you think would work better on these bags Fabric Markers or Permanant Markers? Is it a shiny kind of material
Opinion question really... but would you say these are a good size for kids to take Trick or Treating? Most kids are 6 and under with a couple 10yrs?
I was wondering if i could order a specific amount of just the dark blue bags?
What is the depth of the bag?
are they really 10 inches?
Can you sew a decal on this fabric?
What damage does the black kyrum do?
are there any energy cards
how many cards come with this tin?
how many cards come with this tin?
does it have booster packs?
are the cards names in english or japan
what are the names of the clans in this 150 set
If I buy multiples of these, what are the chances of getting doubles between the multiple sets?
If you bought the trial deck of resonage of thunder dragon and also trial deck of sash of silver wolf what should you buy next?
What is the latest booster set that this lot carries?
Anyone here knows if you use the code for ps4 version?
does the hood stick on pretty well
Is the hood removable, if it is, does it come off very easily when it's being played with?
Are these articulated? are the same size as Neca's ones?
does he have guns
can his hood go on and off
can the swords come out of his hand
Does it have articulation?
Are his hidden blades retractable?
what is the ingame content included in this figure?
The figure does it come in the box or is it loose?
why can't you ship in Singapore???
Are there any fragile pieces my son should watch out for?
I read from the reviews that the shipping was fast. How long did it take to be delivered?
Shipping to Brazil?
is it 6 inches tall?
made in ???
Is the blade on his left arm removable?
SOmeone who has used the code IN GAME already, are the sails the same as the sails from the New York Connor (Black and Red)?
Is the hood glued on, or can it move with the head?
Does this work with Leappad 3?
Is it a cartridge like the other games?
Does this work with the leappad explorer
Does this work in Leapster 2?
Does this work with the LeapTV also?
Is this a good game for a 2 year old?
Does it work with leap frog tablets
Does this game work on the leap pad ultra?
Does this game work with leap frog gs??
Does this work with leappad 2?
How long does the battery last on this bike?
Hi does this product ship unassemble in a box with parts? Can it fit in a suitcase?
My little boy will be 2 in July and I want to purchase this for his birthday gift. Do you think this would be a good size for him? He is about 2ft tal
Foot pedal or twist throttle? thanks.
Is this hard to put together?
Does the box that it comes shipped in have a picture of what is inside? This is supposed to be a Christmas gift and I would hate to spoil it so soon!
hi is ther a quick charger you can get for this thanks
ARE THE TIRES RUBBER, WITH AIR
Will this fit in the back on a Honda CRV?
Which size is this, the smallest ones are metal and close to matchbox car size, the medium ones have the gears, and the big ones have metal bodies.
How big is this truck?
are these trucks spring loaded?(rewind)
I want to know if this toy is 1:24 scale or if it is 1:64?
How big is this? What's the diameter or circumference?
What is the maximum weight limit?
Can you use an electric pump to blow it up?
if the cover becomes soiled or torn, is the hoppy ball still usable?
can this be used outside on grass and sidewalk?
Is the hippity hop included with the horse?
How big are the balls that are included? Thinking of getting foam so that it will be quieter...
Is it possible to just use one of the hoops? My son wants to be able to keep track of time and his score.
would it be possible to use strong vecro to put it on the wall?
How big are the balls that are included? Thinking of getting foam so that it will be quieter...
are there two backboards with hoops, or just one? and are they rubber balls, or foam, or other?
What is backboard made out of
How big is the hoop and is the hoop metal???
How do these mount to your wall? Does it require purchasing additional hardware?
what does this include? both backboards, both hoops, both balls and scoreboard?
How is this different from the 10 inch trike with the handle?
Would this be too small for a 3 year old girl around 36"?
What county is this made in?
Hello there, that's the bike comes assembled?
Do the pedals turn when the wheel is in motion even if the child does not have his feet on the pedals?
Does this trike work well on grass or gravel?
Could you attach streamers to the handles?
What is the smallest height a child can be to be able to reach the peddles?
May I know the measurements of the package? (Thinking about purchasing it as a gift for family members outside of the country...) Thanks in advance!!
not sure if my 2yr old granddaughter will be able to reach the pedals, how can I be sure it will be right size for her?
can you fit notes inside the top?
I am thinking about using this in lieu of a guestbook at our wedding; the idea is to let guests to leave us notes in it will this work size wise?
how big is this toy?
Made in the USA or 'Origin' in China? Both statements can be found in the page!?
Can Playmobil figures fit in the rocket?
Can you use Fisher Price "Little People" like astronauts? Would they fit through the doors?
for what age
Does it float in the tub?
What's the difference between this one and the japanese version? just the box and the extra belt with a different paint?
What's the quality of the boxes that this comes in?
Does this item have the 20th anniversary on the box?
are these the japanese ones that come with the extra belt ??
How tall is this thing????????? if a kid ate one.. I'm guessing small...?
Do you ship to South-Africa? And what would the shipping cost?
This might be weird question but how do you guys package the shipments? I am afraid to buy one because I want the package in pristine condition.
What does the packaging look like, does it say 20th anniversary edition on it?
do you ship to canada
why does this cost more than the import version?
Does the Green Ranger, or any subsequent figures come in box?
will the mighty morphin power rangers s.h toy line come with cards from the power rangers action card game?
will there be a yellow and blue toy in the S.H toy line
Is this on back order when bought directly from Amazon?
How tall is it?
How tall are the figurines?
would these work on the Doc McStuffins Get Better Checkup Center Playset ?
Do these go with the Doc McStuffins doll house?
do these figures come off their base?
This product can be shipped to Brazil?
I am wanting to use these as a cake topper is it just the characters or is the play house included?
is this toy compatible with fisher price "wheelies" cars? (the ones that come with the set look very similar to wheelies)
Do the Matchbox cars work with this garage? I'm a grandma who has been away from this stuff too long!
Can you provide the detailed installation instructions or installation video?
Is it possible to buy replacement cars for this garage? We have lost the police car that comes with it and my son keeps asking for it.
Can regular matchbox cars be used with this garage too?
What age is this for?
Is there a remote for the motorized train to be controlled by an operator? Or once it's ON, it just runs the track until you power OFF?
does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine? are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?
is the train motorized?
Can i connect Thomas the train Sodor with this toy set?
Hello. 1. I wanted to know how heavy the game packaged ready to travel ?. 2. Comes in its original box? Thank you very much.
What is the set up size of product?
Is this compatible with Geotrax?
Do the wooden trains fit on the rails also? If my son wants to use his old trains instead of the motorized train, will they fit the rails?
does it include the thomas engine?
Does anyone know what these two extra red pieces that were packed with the projectiles are for? I haven't been able to figure out where they go.
How difficult is it to put together?
Is this the most recent batcave?
age appropriate for 3.5?
How do you get the batwing to work? That is the only piece that didn't work and I think it has something to do with the 2 red pieces strapped to Robin and Batman but can't figure out how to assemble them so the batwing will flip over. Help?! Or is mine...
Appropriate for a Batman granddaughter (turning 4, but with no iPhone), who's nuts about Batman? (I just don't "get" the mechanics/electronics)
Why does my remote work sometimes and other times it doesn't?
can i use fisher price imaginext DC super freinds with this toy?
What size are the figures? Can I add additional figures?
does this come with robin
Does it work with Samsung Galaxy Tablet.
Will this work with an iPad mini?
Does this work with an IPad Air? They could have been more clear on which iPads it is compatible with?
Does this work with the original Ipad? The first Ipad?
Has anyone tried this with a Google Nexus tablet?
will this fit ipad air?
The first photo shows the "Deluxe Track Pack" but the other photos show the "Ultimate Track Pack". Could you please confirm which it is?
Does it work for all battery powered Thomas trains?
A reviewer said this works only for older trains. Will this work with "Wooden Railway-Battery-Operated Thomas Tank Engine" ASIN B009NFFYWM Y4110
Is this considered one of the newer track models or the older track?
Does this track work for both magnetic (button connect) trains and battery powered Thomas trains?
What is the DIFFERENCE between this one AND TrackMaster Deluxe Expansion Track Pack ?
what color is it? green or brown? there is two different picuters? Thanks
why does it have 50 parts ?
We are just starting our son out with the trackmaster collection and have purchased this kit plus trains. Are there other track sets you recommend?
do we need batteries...what size if so
can I buy just the cannons separte? my son lost one.
are there more than one size?
does it need batteries?
will the ipad air work wih this?
ipad1 is ok?
Can you charge, change volume while in the case
will the amazon fire hd 6 work with this
does this work with ipad mini?
comes with Spanish language?
CAN YOU FIT THE KINDLE FIRE HD 8.9 IN THIS?
what age is this for?
Does it work with the IPAD AIR?
What age is this for?
what ages is this toy meant for
Do you send to Brazil? What is the value of the shipping zip code 22080-030? Will I be taxed? Thank you.
where is it made?
Does this product come in the actual original packaging as shown, or in a plain brown box?
Does it come with the Superman shown?
Is this a pre-sale?
Are dusty and ripslinger special versions for this spiral air race or will any of the basic disney planes be raced on it?
Do the planes come off the spiral so they can be played with separately?
Can you buy other planes to go with this toy?
what age group
What is the age range for this toy?
Does this tower come with the two planes?
what is frustration-free packaging
Does the fire truck talk? My son keeps complaining that his truck isn't working. When I put the truck around the city the city talks but not the truck
Does this really have any thing to do with the paw patrol toys. Like the Chase's cruiser and all the other ones.
Did anyone else's Rescue City Center come speaking Spanish?
Would Rescue bots work with this set?
Did anyone else with "frustration free" packaging get shorted batteries? Not happy ...
what ages
Would Fisher price little people cars and trucks work well with this set?
Is a good play set for a soon-to-be 6 year old, or would palymobil be better?
Frustration free packaging
would you reccomend this to me?
Can it work in Salt water?
how big is it
is it fast
This boat will not work in the lake, but seems to work in the hot tub!? Why is this?
got I 1 a while ago, when i put it in the water the motor revs but the boat wont move.... Whats the best way to go about fixing it
can it work in the lake
Anyone know why our boat only turns in the water and doesn't go straight? It runs fine but it ONLY turns. Thanks.
Can I use the charger that came with this to charge a 1000mAh Lipo battery
Does it come with the stand?
can this be used with a kindle fire
Can the Artsee Studio be used with an iPad Air?
can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?
will the VTech InnoTab 3 The Learning App Tablet, Pink work with this?
what age group is this for?
Do you need a computer to use this?
Does this fit the Apple mini?
Does it fit with Ipad Air 2
How tall are these dolls?
do the clothes come off these dolls?
Does the baby have bendable legs/arms?
Can these dolls stand on their own?
Would they fit the Mellissa &amp; Doug Road Trip car? Are they the same size as the dolls in that car?
What is the age group for this toy
Are the dolls eco-friendly?
Is the baby attached to the mother? Only one reviewer said that, and it was not mentioned in answers to questions about the baby being bendable.
Do they fit the Hape family car?
do these stay standing, sitting, i.e. in the position into.which they are put?
Is a leappad the same as a leappad tablet?
Does this work with Leap Pad 2
Does this work with the green and white leapster explorer hand held; not the GS?
does this work with leap pad 2
Does this play on the leap pad 2 explorer?
Does this work with LeapPad Ultra?
does this work with leapster ultra? they said they are getting leapster not leap pad? thank you
is this a cartridge. or the card you have to download
Could I use this kit, or what else would I need to convert my 2wd Stampede since they share a lot of the same parts?
Can you use this to start building a new Slash?
with the lcg kit, do the bumpers and everything else mount up the same.
I plan on racing soon, but would this kit be ok for just bashing around until then?
will this work with the traxxas Telluride?
how can you tell if you already have the low center of gravity chasis vs. the regular one?
Can you convert a 2wd slash into a 4x4
Can you convert a 2wd slash into a4x
is this for a 4X4 1/10 scale?
Is this snap together or does it require glue? I was thinking of getting it for my 72 year old brother who lives in assisted living.
does it float
Is this real legos?
How many life bouts are there in all and are lego people included?
if i order now can you ship usps priorty mail? i need thid before xmas.
Need two by Christmas! Is it possible?????
Hello, Does this ship float in water?
Hi, I want to buy this for Christmas. Can you tell me if it will arrive in time? I live in New York. Thank you
101th? Is it not supposed to be 101st?
how long is this model?
Has anyone used this in their DJI Phantom? How did it work out?
Do you need an adaptor to connect this battery to the DJI Phantom Quadcopter or does it connect?
What is the weight of this battery (g) ?
this can fixe in the phantom 2+ and those this need something else
Are these 9" blades and will the fit the phantom 2 vision? (with the nuts that are purchased separately of coarse)
Will these work on the Phantom FC40?
These came without any hardware for mounting. How are these supposed to mount on a phantom fc40?
What are the dimensions of the blade? (diameter)?
Where can I buy the central spinner or nuts to fix these onto my Phantom 1?? Useless without these!
Props hit body of phantom. Seems like there should be a link to additional hardware if needed
how can i install them when i dont have their screws or will they comes with this propeller set.
can you put these on a phantom 1?
can u ship to malaysia??
Would this product help to reduce/eliminate jello effect in a DJI phantom?
I got this but it came with no instructions at all. How do I put it together?
does it come with the case in the third picture
Will these match up &amp; fit the new Phantom II Vision?
does anyone know about the size of this product? Thanks
does this work for the Dji Phantom Fc40?
Does it fit the Phantom 3 pro
Is this compatible with the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+
Is this compatible with the DJI Phantom 2?
Does this work with the vision 2 plus?
How much does this light affect the flying time of the battery?
does it work for phantom 2?
Where does the electric power come from?
I know these lights are for the Phantom 1, but will they also work on the FC40? Thanks.
What is the power input needed to operate this light strip? Can it be powered by a regular 9v battery?
will this fit fc40 ??????????????
Is one enough to fit all the way around, or do I need to order more than one?
Can anybody tell me how to connect this strip light the drone? Where is it connected?? Thanks
I have a light already on the Phantom using the battery socket. How would I add this one?
How are the Led lights installed on the Phantom Quadcopter? If I order them, can I get the led strip with no kinks in it? thank you
can i convert this truck to brushless and with what motor
Does this come with a charger and remote ?
I am planning to get my RC Car , IS this model right for beginners ? I am 25+ , if it is not for beginners can you guys recommend something for me ?
What is the max distance it will go away from the remote?
diference between 1:16 and 1:10 scale..Thanks
Does it work on petrol
Does it work on petrol
where can i get a cover for my antenna?
is it pre assemble
Which ESC does this come with? And does it support Low Voltage Detection so that LiPo batteries can be used?
How big does the back pack measure?
DOES THE POKEBALL OPENS? TO PUT PIKACHU INSIDE?
Dos it have space?
does the pokeball have like any gimmicks or it just opens up
What's the size of the gloves?
Are all decks the same color? Do the decks have Jokers?
are these cardsnew?? and do they have jokers ??
I need them to all be blue and not big (jumbo numbers) thanks.
Hello, I need 6 red decks and 6 blue decks... all standar index, NOT jumbo... is that alright?
hello I need 12 blue deks not plastic and not big number diamond back
hello Im interesting in the cards but I need 12 deks not big number 92r and all blue
Some of the other consumers of 12 packs complain about receiving seconds or missing cards. Can you guarantee these are the real deal? Made in the USA
what are the dimensions of this item?
Are there any kind of display bases available other than the plastic "wrap" it comes in?
How tall are the figures?
You have 3 preview pics of the action figure. Which one shows the real one? Most people in the reviews says the pics doens't show the real product!
Is this replacement the V2 or the older version?
can some one tell me how far must the tail stabilizer be from it's tail motor?
is this the Version 2 and does it have newer battery plug?
Is this the plain v2 or the upgraded "pro" v2?
can I fly it with a devo 7 transmitter?
will it bind with a v911 old version transmitter?
I know I cannot bind this to my Spektrum transmitter but can this helicopter be bound to the syma x1 transmitter? It is flysky protocol.
does this use old batteries
I have 2 older versions of the v 911 heli's. Will this copter bind up with my RC transimitter I already have?
Does this heli use the new battery design? It does look like it from the pictures. Just wanted to make sure.
would a 12yr. old like this
Would a 8 years old like this toy? He's fond of the movie but I am afraid he may be too old for this?
I bought this plane for my 3 yr. old grandson, replaced the batteries, but I could not get it to work. Am I missing something?
Are the eyes made of plastic or covered with a sticker ?
Does the plane actually fly or just roll around on the wheels?
Will this work on carpet at all?
what is the lenght and width
What size batteries?
dos it fly
how box sizes ?
What kind of screwdriver do you need to open the battery compartment?
Is he huggable?
How do you clean it?
Is it soft skin?
How tall is it?
Mine came without sound. I want to change the battery but I couldn't find the battery pocket. How can change the battery?
Is this really for ages 16 and up?
what kind of battery does it need to power up&#xFF1F;
What is the height measurement?
does it talk?
How tall is it
what size is it?
what are some of the things Stuart says?
sorry for my stupid question, but my nephew keeps repeating Bee-Do as the minion. Does this one says Bee-Do?
Is this an OFFICIALLY LICENSED product with the original tags or is it after market?
Can i ask why is this item "must be shipped separately from other items in your order"?
What size is the Jumbo Stuart Plush?
I have the 3 Minions and they have special features. Does Gru have a special feature? How do you make the special feature work?
Is this item new &amp; does it come in the original packaging?
what is frustration free package means?
which are measures of Gru
how is he tall ?
Does he come off the base?
What does he say?
is it a remove control car or car run by itself?
how do you get the minion for the back seat?
what is frustation packaging
What size is it ?
how tall is it ?
how big is Dave. How tall and wide.
How can it reduce price so fast, i bought it just last friday,today it reduced more than 10 dollars
shipping to Colombia?
Is this the minion that sings Barbara Ann?
Is the minion Dave with the banana mode?
Do you ship to the UK? If so, how much?
How much does dave weight?
does it come in its box ??
Does it do the banna dance?
is it a remove control car or car run by itself?
how do you get the minion for the back seat?
what is frustation packaging
What size is it ?
what size is it?
Mine stopped working after 2 days. The horn doesn't light up and no sounds. Changed the batteries and still nothing. What is going on?
plz answer, i need help.what type of lullaby? is the unicorn song from the movie? is there trotting noises &amp; a glowing horn? how big is it the item?
Mine dont sign lullaby however I try to push it only says some words
Will this come in the original box? I've read reviews about it coming in nothing but a big card board box and being dirty.
How big is it?
is it big
Does this come in the retail packaging? Several of the reviews mention it arrived in a resealed bag rather than the box.
How big is it and is it electronic
What is the recommended age range of this toy? Is it sutiable for under 2 years?
Can you guys who have purchased this say if the tag says Universal Studios? I need to make certain they are not bootlegged minions. Thx
Is it really huggable with the glasses?
If this gets dirty, can we machine wash it? On what setting should we wash it?
can you ship to south korea? if yes, how long will it take to receive it
How big are they
i want EVIL ONE EYED with Minion Stuart Plush , do you have it and can you ship to DUBAI , UAE
how many are there and can I see them all ?
Can the doll stand / balance unassisted on its feet, or does it have to be propped up?
which is the actual size of this product? // Cual es el tama&ntilde;o real de este producto?
How tall is this product?
Does this come in the original box?
how fast does it ship?
Why can't I give a 7 month old this toy ?
Would I have it before Dec. 19th?
Is about 12 inches tall or 9 inches?
I'm wanting a minion that laughs when it has its hand tighted ... Is this?
Does the hair on this minion really lay down (like in the picture) or does it kind of stick up a bit?
is original?
is this a 10 inch or bigger minion
Did his eyes in 3D?
how tall is it ?
how big is Dave. How tall and wide.
How can it reduce price so fast, i bought it just last friday,today it reduced more than 10 dollars
shipping to Colombia?
Is this the minion that sings Barbara Ann?
Is the minion Dave with the banana mode?
Do you ship to the UK? If so, how much?
How much does dave weight?
does it come in its box ??
Does it do the banna dance?
Is this ORIGINAL or REPLICA?
what is the size of this product?
how big is she?
Could you tell me how tall this Agnes is? Thank you in advance.
Does she talk of the Unicorn?
Someone said this was 3". Info I'm finding online suggests 13"? Please verify before I spend 30 bucks on this please :)
do she say "I'm so happyyy"?
for what ages?
how big is this?
can u ship to New Zealand? and how much will it cost? thx
Please tell me how big is this in inch? THX
How do you make this plane fly we lost our instructions ?
What frequency does it run on?
What are the dimensions of this plane
Would this be a suitable toy for a ten year old? Or is it geared toward a younger crowd?
How large is this plane?
does this helicopter fly
I read with interest that the paint comes off. Has this been improved
What It is the dimension the toy
including BOX ???
what does he say?
When you press the pocket, does it move the eye?
Does the Stuart action figure have different phrases than the Dave one?
including BOX ???
who can tell me how to install the battery, because I cannot find the switch
I have booked this good. Can you deliver the iterms before 12 Dec, because i will move to a new house after 13 Dec.
Hoe tall is dave
how box sizes ?
What kind of screwdriver do you need to open the battery compartment?
Is he huggable?
How do you clean it?
Is it soft skin?
How tall is it?
Mine came without sound. I want to change the battery but I couldn't find the battery pocket. How can change the battery?
Is this really for ages 16 and up?
does it require batteries
can you takethe gun out?
do the fart darts come with it? How many?
How tall is it ?
How big are they??
If you send it by nominal shipping, How long take to Georgia?,
Does it make a fart sound when you launch it? I really need it to make a fart sound! That would crack my four-year-old up!
Does it make fart noises?
How big is it?
Are these just like the McDonald's toys given out with happy meals? 4.5" just doesn't seem worth $10-$15 to me...
does it require batteries
can you takethe gun out?
do the fart darts come with it? How many?
How tall is it ?
How big are they??
If you send it by nominal shipping, How long take to Georgia?,
Does it make a fart sound when you launch it? I really need it to make a fart sound! That would crack my four-year-old up!
Does it make fart noises?
How big is it?
Are these just like the McDonald's toys given out with happy meals? 4.5" just doesn't seem worth $10-$15 to me...
I read with interest that the paint comes off. Has this been improved
What It is the dimension the toy
including BOX ???
what does he say?
When you press the pocket, does it move the eye?
Does the Stuart action figure have different phrases than the Dave one?
including BOX ???
who can tell me how to install the battery, because I cannot find the switch
I have booked this good. Can you deliver the iterms before 12 Dec, because i will move to a new house after 13 Dec.
Hoe tall is dave
dave also laughs, or just talk?
How tall is this minion?
Where does this item ship from?
the description doesnt mention how big this one is?
when my order can prepare for shipment ? if any possible that i can get them in this Friday ?
sorry for my stupid question, but my nephew keeps repeating Bee-Do as the minion. Does this one says Bee-Do?
Is the a jumbo of Dave?
how tall is he
dave also laughs, or just talk?
Does he say "Whaaaaaaaaaaaa"
is this the same one they sell at toys r us for 59.99, sku 8140F143
is this toy good for a 3 years old boy?
Is he huggable?
send to Brazil?
is this toy good for an 8 year old?
I would like to order your minion but I would need it to be shipped to Italy. Would that be possible and would I be charged for custom fees?
Does this item ships to Taicang, China?
Hello, we are an office full of people and everybody wants one, can you fulfill an order of 12?
can you help me ship to china
are there batteries in the shipping package?
is this the same one they sell at toys r us for 59.99, sku 8140F143
is this toy good for a 3 years old boy?
Is he huggable?
send to Brazil?
is this toy good for an 8 year old?
I would like to order your minion but I would need it to be shipped to Italy. Would that be possible and would I be charged for custom fees?
Does this item ships to Taicang, China?
Hello, we are an office full of people and everybody wants one, can you fulfill an order of 12?
can you help me ship to china
are there batteries in the shipping package?
what kind of battery does it need to power up&#xFF1F;
What is the height measurement?
does it talk?
How tall is it
Will x1 Syma blades motors or gears match up with this??
Is there any difference between this red Sky Botz heli and the and the blue one other than that the blue one is priced one dollar less? Thanks.
Nothing mentioned on Warranty, or availability of replacement parts and batteries
How tall are they
whats included in the bucket?
how tall are the figures?
Is this made in USA?
Does it not bother anyone that the German flag is not of Nazi Germany of WWII time?
How well-made are they? Do they break easily?
Any one else get a bucket of soldiers with the wrong flags?
How many are included?
HOW SMALL?
How tall is this action figure?
What material is it? (plastic or metal)
Does this bring the money printer?
is it really easy to learn
dose it come with the pen
does it fit into the mack truck case?
the 3" is for long??
what is the measures of the car?
I have the super scrabble game which has 200 tiles and I'm wondering if the two complete sets would work for my game.
If I were to spray them with a clear coat or cover them with modge podge, would the ink run? I'm planning to make coasters out of them
Do these include any blank tiles??
do the tiles have numbers on them?
How many of each letter do you get? Is this gaurenteed?
what are the dimensions of the tiles?
Hi there! Do you do postage to New Zealand? :))
Does this set come with racks? If so, how many?
Are the letters &amp; numbers indented??Thank you.
Hi ,I'm looking for wooden scrabble tiles which has its letters &amp; numbers indented for my project.Are the letters printed or indented?Thank you.
Does this accommodate Disney Cars?
Hello, can matchbox/hotwheels cars perform all the functions on this playset?
Does the set include the cars or do we need to buy them sepratly?
Is this small enough to be packed (unassembled) in a suitcase for travel in an airplane?
Is this good for a 5 year old or too babyish
Would older children enjoy this set? Age 6?
Can Fisher PRice Wheelies fit on the Slide? thanks
Can 2 children release their cars at the top of the ramp at different times (in order to race)?
Is the block at the bottom of the ramp removable?
Do the lights actually light up?
did you end up purchasing this house for the american girl? how did it fit?
Will this dollhouse fit the 18 inch American girl dolls? They are a bit wider than your example photo s dolls.
Hi, what is box dimensions for the package it comes in? Not sure it will fit in my car?
We want to surprise our daughter does the shipping box have a pic of the house on the outside of it?
What are the dimensions of the house
does it have a doorbell
Is this free delivery to the UK
Does it come with the bed and bedding
What comes with the kit? I don't see that listed anywhere? Book, obviously, but what else is included?
How many different balloon instructions are included in the book?
I received the box and it had a book and a small bag of balloons, but no pump I have prime shipping and came with other items and the box was not tape
Does this come with the little laundry basket?
what are the dimensions
how does kiddraft kitchens and laundry playset compare to potter barn kids kitchen sets?
Does the iron come with the washer/dryer?
Is this a decent size for a 5 yr old, or more toddler size?
What is the recommended age?
I have heard good and bad things about tis Laundry Playset. Is it really worth the money to get or should I spend my money on something else
Is this 28'' wide with or without side sheves? Can you leave the side shelves off without it looking funny?
Do the side shelves go down or can they be left off wthout looking silly? I ask because right now I don't have as much room for something 28'' wide.
What is the dimension width wise of the actual unit, not counting the ironing boars and side shelf on the opposite side?
Is this mattress comfortable enough to be slept in every day?
how durable is it?
How do you clean / wash this?
How big is it?
can this game and others be played without signing up for xbox live?
is it the full version with redstone?
Change the language to Spanish? Thank you
is it multiplayer?
can i play 4 player on the original 360 that doesn't have hdmi?
Does it include the new update?
can you install "mods" on the Xbox 360 version?
Can this be played offline? The person who I am buying this for does NOT have internet. Will he still be able to play the full game?
will it work on a desk top personel computer?
can you play in creative mode in xbox 360 edition?
what is weight limit
Is there any assembly or does the car ship assembled?
made in USA?
Can you ship to mexico?
Do they have the polyurethane wheels or the hard plastic ones?
what is the difference between the regular one and the 'special edition'?
I see this on the Black Friday deal picture but can't find the Black Friday price. Any help on that?
Whats the size?
what is the size of this figure
I see you have dimensions, are those for the whole package or just the action figure?
My grandson wants one where the claws DON'T come off. Is this it??
How tall is Wolverine?
how tall is this figure?
how tall is the figure?
Is the diaper bag included? It's not listed so I'm assuming no?
what are wipes made of? cloth? or are they like real wipes?
Normally baby doll accessories are sized for a 12" doll or 18" doll. Before I spend $30 I need to know if it will fit an 18" baby doll.
Is this set really that crazy fusia pink as in the photo, or is it softer pink as it looks on the photos when you buy them separately?
My granddaughter is 14 months old..is she too young for this? She loves playing with her baby dolls
Do the jars open?
Does this fit the 12" Melissa &amp; Doug baby dolls?
What are they made of
Is it resin or china
Just want to make sure this comes in the original Breyer box. Hope so.
Is this a palomino model?
What is the size by inches please?
Is this boat more than the plastic r/c boats carried by toy stores? I bought a boat for about $35 for my grandson and it fell apart.
how fast does it go?
How fast dose the strs 9 go?
Can I buy an a/c charger for this?
How big is it?
if you purchase two or more boats will they work on seperate freqs?
How big is it
I know nothing about RC boats. Can this be used in really cold water in the winter? (Obv. not frozen. . .)
Is it worth the money?
Want to get 2 for my nephews--will they be able to use together to race or do i need to get 2 different boats.Where can i get a 2 cell lipo battery
I know it says this is a slow remote control car, but how fast (MPH) does it go?
Can you use NiMH batteries?
what type of steering?
Odd question, will this fit in the average home heating duct? I need to do some inspections and I'm hoping this will fit.
I just placed an order for two of these trucks. Is it possible to get two different colors?
How far is Remote Control Range ?
is this durable
how long do the batteries last?
how complex is the remote controller? What does the controller look like?
how big is it and is okay for a 7 year old
Would this handle well on grassy hills?
will the fisher price power wheels barbie jammin jeep wrangler fit a 6 year old? she is tall but skinny.
Doe a battery come with this?
How difficult/easy is it to interchange the battery?
The jeep description states that the radio requires 4 "C" batteries to run the radio, but a customers answer said it required 2 "AA" batteries. Whch i
Does it require a key to start it?
would it fit a 5 year old? average sized kid.
Does it come with the battery?
Will this drive on grass?
does it have a radio
Are the tires rubber or plastic?
Does this have seat belts like the red version does?
What's the weight limit?
Are the seats adjustable?
I don't think the Arctic Cat 1000 comes with Monster Traction - only the Arctic Cat 650 sold by Toys R Us, can any owners confirm this?
Will a 5 and 7 year old be able to ride this for a while?
I would like to purchase this for my 2 yr old. he is bigger than the average 2 yr old 37 inches tall and 35 lbs, would be too big for him?
Can children ride in the back cargo area?
How long u can ride it before battery dies??
Anyone ever worry about it tipping over? Seems like it could.
Is there a place to store the pieces?
Hello, I am looking for a good chess set and am wondering what the pieces are made of?
Hi, can I know the dimensions of this item ?
What size is the board?
what guage wire are the connectors for ?
Are there any directions so that I know I'm doing this correctly?
If I need to add more wire to reach driveway I would use these?
Will these splices work on 14 gauge wire (as compared to stock 18 gauge wire that comes with most pet fences)?
How many connectors does the kit include?
Would this work to connect 20 guage wire to 14 guage wire?
Are these compatible with Invisible Fence systems? Thanks!
Is this just a single mystery figure or is it an entire 24 mystery figure box?
If it's just one figure, then why is the list price $154.99? Very misleading.
$154.99 for one figure!? Isn't that the price for a case?
Is this set a COMPLETE set of all 24, or are they a RANDOM 24 pieces in blind boxes?
Did they not get the rights to do the Jason figure?
Where can I buy individual packages?
Is the $6 for 1 box or 3 boxes of mini figures?
Does each one come with Batman, Batgirl, Catwoman, The Penguin, The Riddler, and The Joker or are they all random and assorted and one per box?
are these small doll?
Which factions are added with this expansion?
Can someone please explain to me what value the Ghosts add? I love every other faction in the expansion, however the Ghosts seem useless.
how do i get the original smash up game?
Is the English within the game as broken as the English in the game description?
Will this expansion let you play with more than 4 people?
I don't want the pink cowl, can you guarantee me the black cowl?
This figure is made of what material?
Description w/ the photo says "Stands 3 3/4-Inch tall". Under product detalis it says it's 6.8". I'm not a geometry wiz but it can't be both, can it
Did anyone get the pink cowl batman bobble head?
Is the stroller made with metal or plastic?
Are the handles adjustable !?
What is the 2 in 1. I can't tell by the picture
Does the car seat have straps? If so, do they velcro or snap?
Does the carseat come out?
Is this stroller good for a 7 year old
Is it big enough for a 10 year old?
How has the shopping cart held up? Do you think that it is well made. My kids are hard on things and I want a cart that is durable
Does the belt move and scanner beap or something?
do it add
My nephew has a pretend cash register that really recognizes bar codes. Does this one do that?
does the register have an on- off button or is it solar powered
Everyone is talking about what devices this item will hold but I want to know if it will hold a square device which is 1.5" deep?
would this work on a textured wall?
Is it compatible for Samsung Galaxy Tab 7"?
Will this work with a Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1?
Does this really work for the Microsoft Surface RT or not?
Is this compatible with ASUS vivosmart? 10.1" size
Does this fit the iPad mini retina?
I want this to hold something that's 12" x 12 " x 1.5" deep. Does this item have a 1.8" depth?
Does it hold regular hard bound books?
Does this work for small paperback thick-ish books? Also, does it make it so you don't have to look down? I have a bad neck! Thanks!
I have degenerative disk disease in my neck &amp; migraines, so I can't look down. Could you put this on lap &amp; read without looking down? Thank you!
I have the larger kindle dx that has about a 9" screen. Will it work with this? Thanks!
Is it good for an ipad?
How tall is the peermid? I ordered one but it is only 6 inches
is it washable?
Does it come in different sizes
WHAT KIND OF FABRIC IS IT?
will this stay upright on a mattress
Do they have a channel selector? Would you be able to use all 4 devices at the same time if 2 sets were purchased?
Does anyone know the actual range on these? i thought w-t's would be good for when our daughter goes to her friends a few houses down from ours...
Do these have a belt clip?
how many batteries are needed
Does it only have ez start or pull start too
Let me make that clearer. Does it include Traxxas top fuel 500cc fuel bottle &amp; spout?
does it have a starter
does it come with any tools if so witch ones
can u use Torco RC Fuel 20% Nitro in the rustler
does it come with the ez start or is it a pull start
This is a gift for my son. What products do I need to purchase with this?
How can I choose a color? I need one blue one and one black one/
does it go in reverse
Do the EZ start come it??
Does this yoyo do tricks?
does it come with a string
what does it mean colors may vary?
Is it Automatic
Can i get a green one, or is the color random?
Does anyone know if this works with Ikea's wooden train tracks?
Are the tracks reversible?
Do the tracks pieces stay together well or do they easily come apart when playing?
Are these compatible w Thomas the tank engine?
does anyone know if this works with the mellisa and doug train sets?
Does anyone know the dimension of each piece of this track?
Are these tracks compatable for the Chugginton set?
Will it be compatible to a Brio Track?
Does anyone know if this track will fit the Dinosaur Train cars?
is it compatible with learning curve thomas tracks?
Does this has Portal of Power? If yes is it USB receiver or how does it work
How big is the portal?
Can you update the text on the portal to Skylanders Swap Force?
Is this a swap force or giants cake topper? It should say on the portal (round topper)
Can you use an electric pump on these tubes/ what type of blow up valve do these have?
What isnthe weight limit?
Do they have a mesh bottom or a solid bottom or an open bottom?
Can the base be oriented vertically without the figures falling over? I'd love to have them climbing up the side of a wall!
Is this Batman figure the same one that's sold separately or is there any difference at all?
Is this good for my 3 yo?
Will Mattel be making Robin,Batgirl or any others?
Hi, Could you send the item to Brazil, by USPS First-Class Mail International?
is batman and robin removable
is this the set that fits the batmobile
can you detach them from the wall
how large are the figures?
are these seperate or combined action figures?
does it have extra heads?
does it have extra heads?
When I recieved the wolverine figurine the left hand was missing. What should I do?
Hi is there mounts scratch cards in the box ?
If one booster is 4.95, and there is 36 booster in a pack, why the price is not $178.2?
Hi, I notice that there are a lot of complaints about these Reign of Fire packs being scaled packs or weighed, is this not a sealed booster box?
Can you ship it to Finland?
Can you ship it to France? An what is the shipping time?
Are you able to ship to the uk?
How many packs per box?
I'm worried when buying online that boxes will have been cherry-picked for the "god-packs." Is this the factory sealed original boxes you're selling?
Hello, how many boxes in stock you have?
Hrm wonder what the chances are that these boxes have been cherry picked? Seller could easily weigh the boxes to find god packs inside certain ones =\
what is your estimated shipping date on this?
Is this the same Daryl that costs 200+ bucks?
is it all fragile
Do you ship world wide
Is the Daryl a new sculpt?
what brand / manufacturer are these items?
Is it possible to get replacement accessories for these figures?
Is this a waist of money, I mean its just action figures with some weapons? (Not being offensive towards anyone)
I'm a collector and have heard alot of these are being shipped with the original package destroyed. Could I get guarantee of quality
does the knife on merles hand come off
The box states that there are keys and a watch along with the weapons. Where can the keys and watch be found?
How tall is the actual action figure? The description says 'approximately 5 inches,' but I would love a more accurate measurement!
When the head broke off, how did you guys manage to get the little ball piece out so you could put in the eye patch head?
What is the length of the slide itself please?
What are the dimensions of this item inflated? I'm looking for length and width
Does the blower need to be plugged into an outlet or is it battery operated?
Does the blower have to run while using it? Will it stay inflated on its own without blower?
HI can you please tell me what the shipping dimensions &amp; weight of the pool are
WEIGHT LIMIT
What are the dimensions of this when inflated?
I want buy that one,but Idon't konw they have Electric blower or not. Thank
if it pulls aperture at the seam can it be repaired?
what age group for kids?
Does this have an actual playing board in it or a plastic sheet?
what ages is this game for?
What is the difference between the Duck Dynasty Redneck Wisdom Board Game and the Duck Dynasty Redneck Wisdom Family Board Game?
would it work for someone who is not a duck dynasty fan
how long does it approximately take to play it
how do you play? no directions included
What age level is this game good for?
what age group is this geared for?
Is it really good for a ten y/o? My little sister, 10, loves the show. Is this game really OK for a kid her age?
does anyone know where to get replacement blades for this copter i broke minesin one day ?
where do i buy new blades?how do i switch the ruder control from the left to the right side?
does it come with the controler and charger
Has anyone found replacement blades for this chopper?
How long does it fly?
Does 4 channel mean you can fly two of the same helicopters with two separate remotes at the same time with no signal interference?
Mine does not seem to be charging, should the light of the charger be red when its charging then turn green?
How do I charge it?
how durable is this helicopter
If something breaks, can parts be bought for this product?
Is this a variable speed RC vehicle or a one speed deal?
Is this use pistol grip style controller or left/right button controller?
why doesn't the item description match the manufacturer's product description? Unless the picture is wrong, the product description makes no sense.
how big is it
i find it hard to believe that it can be controlled from 1,200 ft away
what kind of battery pack is included?
Howtallisit
What material is used for stuffing the toy? Are there any beans in the toy?
How big is clover
How big is clover
How big is clover
How tall is bunny
how tall is clover
How many cards are in the game?
Does this purchase include the Mars and Ceres Cards?
Is the text on the cards written in English?
1.) What is the difference between the fart GUN and the fart BLASTER? 2.) Why do some pictures of the "banana scented fart gun" show a colored area in the center of the handle and others show this area as white?
Can you get refill scent.
do u have difrent smeling
what is the difference between the banana scented fart gun and the fart blaster, minion gadget?
Will it be shipped in a box with the other items. I noticed in a review that theirs had a mail label on the game itself and then was shipped
I saw this recently advertised as a favorite game for "girls". Was thinking of buying it for a 5 year old boys birthday. But is it more for girls?
This game says it comes with 4 movers, 4 mover bases and 10 mouse ear tokens but on toys r us it says 6, 6, and 12. How many pieces does it come with
Is this game too similar to the Busytown game to own both?
How long does the sand timer run for? My kids broke ours and I'm trying to figure out what to replace it with.
Do you think this game would be of interest for a child that just turned 6 years old?
Not sure what the clock is for. Can someome explain its purpose
does it break easy
Is this one better and gripy then the tribute kendama
So this ball is not rubber like the pro kendma and is this ball just like the rubber balls i need grip and i want my friends to know its a pro kendama
Is it durable
Dose it have the rubber filling and dose it have really good grip
and dose the ball feel plasticy
will it work for 4.55 ofw slim cech25xx?
if i have 2 PS3, do i need 2 e3 flashers?
Is this the Genuine E3 flasher? Which version is it? the Limited edition? if not what's the difference?
I have the 911PRO will this fit?
what kind of upgrades come with he 911PRO?
Will these batteries fit in my Nano QX?
how do I know which version wl v9114 I have? The charger I have dosent light up? does the USB charger light shine red then green when charged? or? th
is there larger batteries than the 200 mah sold here or has anyone "modified" another battery to make the 911 fly longer. Please share. ty
Why does it take 30 days for an order to arrive from Meco?
I have the standard batteries how does the helicopter handle the longer heavier batteries ?
Could this cover a Stiga table that is 30Dx60wx62h? Is it really waterproof?
Does this cover fit Stiga table
This cover looks tapered on its width and may not fit my table. Does someone have the width dimensions (top and bottom)?
Does the cover only work for storage? Can I put it over an unfolded table?
Will this cover fit a killerspin outdoor table?
What is in this cover that gives it the Proposition 65 warning?
My ping pong table is about 15" wide at the top and 24" wide at the bottom. Will this fit that 15" width at the top?
Will this fit an Eastpoint Sports EPS 3000 table?
I own a Kettler "Regulation Size" table. When folded it's 72" X 21-11/16" X 67" Will this cover fit and what color is it?
The usage scenario of this cover is unclear to me. Do you use this cover to store outside a table made for indoor use?
can ausma's brass knuckles fit in your hand?
What are they made out of? are they metal? can they actually be used as weapons?
How big are they
Are they sharp like real knifes and swords?
How big are they
What are they made out of? How big are each of them?
are they real?
I'm traveling out of the country with this and I'd like to know how big the packaging/box is? Thanks
Does this product have an Australian power point plug?
IS THIS ELECTRIC
Does it come with 2 controls or just one? meaning, can by 2 boys race the 2 cars separately at the same time?
My box did not come with the instruction sheet - how do I get this on the internet!! Carrera Go Mario Cart Race Set
does this product require contact brushes... will I need to buy new ones every so often? Where from?
Does this set include a transformer? In once place the description says battery operated, in another place it mentions a transformer. Which is it?
can I use 1/32nd scale analog cars on the track?
remote control cars
does it have power supply or it is battery operated?
My son has a Ferrari Carerra 132. Will that car work on this track?
The picture on the box shows an intersection where the cars can crash, while other track picture shows a flyover above. Which is in this box?
Is this set electric or battery? Can you use other carrerra cars on this set?
I am having power issues with the racetrack. Any ideas why or how to solve the problem. I have it plugged in. Does it need to be charged like a cell phone or can I just keep it plugged in.
We are considering this set for our three year old for Christmas? I'm worried he won't be able to control the remote.
does this have individual controller
What is the track length?
How big is this track when assembled?
Are the remotes wireless?
I have a Carrera Go 143, but we "lost" the grip/controllers do you know if we can find "just" the grip/controller with cables? or we have to buy a ne
Are the goggles removable?
are the goggles soft or plastic?
How tall are these 3 minions?
How big are these?
Is it 2013 version or 2003 version?
Can this transform
Is there a lot more painting involved than with a 1/144 scale model?
Does this model come with decals?
On the Gundam Model difficulty scale, where does 1/100 fall? Which is the easiest model type and which is the hardest model type to build?
Does this come with the Green rifle (aile strike) It says that it does, but all 3 pictures show the normal loadout, so i want to be sure.
how tall does it stand in inches??
Does it come with the launch bay stand or just a stand shown in the profile picture? Thanks
does the car go fast
Hello;Is it new and in original box?
Does the race car fit inside the trailer?
Why does this item not ship via amazonglobal saver shipping to Singapore?
is the truck big?
where can i get the stickers at.
where is this product made?
does it have a building plate
My grandson will be 6 in a few weeks. Will this be a struggle for a little guy?
Smart 8 year old...is this too simple/easy for him?
What size are the blocks themselves?
Does Starter Set mean it is too easy for an eight year old lego fan?
can the figures get in to 'drive' the firetruck or ambulance?
My just turned 4 year old loves to play with fire truck and ambulances, think it would be ok for his age? Granted we would help him put it together.
Does this game need batteries and if so are they included?
Do the insturctions have a spanish version?
No sounds?
Is this for 2 players or can you play solo?
Can you seperate the games or do you have to play head to head.....like the pic?
age level?
How tall is it?
Is a atomic breath included
Is a atomic breath included
is a At&Atilde;&sup3;mica breath incluyes
does it come with a tag
Well if it's ready to ship AND in stock, how come it doesn't say so? I pre-ordered mine and it still says it hasn't been shipped out yet.
Why are you guys not able to ship this when other retailers have it already???
How tall is he?
is this item MADE IN CHINA
Anyone having issues with it working? Ours works intermittently - we have to switch it off/on to get it to work again.
Does the plane roll well on carpet?
What is the size of the plane?
what is the age recommendation
Does it fly
I ordered this toy but I still will not get as much time. If I was going to get the toy.
There is another set out there called "Hot Wheels Carcade Blitz." On the store site it says "Our exclusive." Cost is less, looks identical. Is it the same as this?
Is this worth it? In last hot wheels stuff has been badly made, so goes unused. This is more expensive than most, so am hopeful? Buying for 5 year old
Does this toy fold or disassemble easily for storage (say under a bed) when not in use?
is this game suitable for 4 year olds?
Age group 4 yr old?
Hi. Is there a specific 'type' of Hot Wheels car that I need to look for to use with this toy - are they all the same? Thanks in Advance.
what battery is used
Bonus circle does not work. Has anyone else had this issue? Mattel sent us another one and it still is not working.
Can this set be used with other track builder sets?
Can this track be set up to race two cars with the same distance between start to finish for each car?
what size batteries required?
do it work on batteries?
what cars can go on this track?
i need to know the box size, because its a gift and i need to send it out of THE STATES, please let me know
Can we use our regular hot wheels cars on this set?
How do the cars move on the track? Do the cars have batteries in them or do those big orange things propel the cars?
What type of batteries does this use and how many?
What exactly is in this set?
what do you recommend next for boy to go with lion temple. he has eagle.
whats the weight of this box? I will be traveling and taking it in a luggage
Do Yoy ship to Greece,and the cost in Euro
does this set include any guys?
Do you ship to Italy?
How many pieces does it have? Thanks
How many bags are the legos split up into?
Any suggestions on buying something to store legos/set up. Not sure with this set being so big... would I need a lego base to put on when setting up?
Is this set complete? Or can I buy add-ons to go with it? Thanks!
can a six year with average iq and help enjoy this? Or will it be too frustrating?
What are the size?
does it shoot sluges
does it shoot sluges
Does this come flat pack? What are the dimensions of the package/s?
Has the Quality of assembly and packaging been corrected? I am concerned based on the customer reviews.
if I ordered today when would it arrive
Will an 18" doll fit in the cradle and high chair?
Can baby all gone(Baby alive) dolls fit in this?
What material is it made out of?
Is this figure appropriate for 6 year olds? Trying to decide between this one and the Hasbro 15" tall Transformers Beast Hunters Optimus Prime Action Figure.
does the gun shoot
how big is it
is this toy in Frustration-Free Packaging or standard? thanks
Is this figure appropriate for 6 year olds? Trying to decide between this one and this one:
Do the two red beacons flash slow and do the two white lights strobe like the other kits advertise?
what is the voltage range? 4-6? 9-12?
How thick are the wires? im going to be using these on a Hubsan Spy Hawk, should i get a different type?
Can this also be used to hoop up into a rc plane and then just connect it to the receiver !
to power these lights do I need a extra battery or just plug in the receiver? thank you
What a pity that she can't sit properly (daughter loves to sit dolls &amp; animals), does anyone know if American Girl sit without support? Thanks
Are the clothes removable?
Does her hair get ratty when you brush it?
Could you please mail it to China?If yes,how long does it take to get to China?
can she sit easily? I have a dollie &amp; me from MA and she's great except that she can't sit properly (her middle springs back everytime)
Does this doll come with the boots and everything else she is wearing in the picture?
do u need a tank to blow it up?
Do you recommend putting the letters on before or after filling it up?
how many letters of each are on the stickers? My daughters name is jennavieve
For my personalzed balloon, I would like it to say Happy Birthday Ja'Shay! Thanks!
how do I personalize before my order
Why is it that the estimated shipping that it gives me is 40$ ? For a balloon?
What is the inside hole diameter on these we wantto know if an aukt can fit inside feet hanging down in the water thanks
rubber or plastic
Does it come with a pump?
Did these come with the stand?
What is the length of each pen?
Does this write in black ink?
please let me know if blue or black ink. it has mixed answers. i just purchased these and need for a surgery center and needs to be in black ink only.
Can you open the windows?
how many children (3-4 year olds) can the 50 inch option accommodate?
what is the color?
What are the dimensions of the carry case? Can it be carried on a plane?
How hard is the take out and put down? Can you keep it in a bag and easily take it out and put it back for play time?
Is the color as neon as it looks in the. Picture?
does this tent have a floor?
Is this play house green and purple like the picture, or yellow and pink?
Could a family of four comfortably live in here for the winter months?
What is the weight limit?
little tikes giddy up 'n go pony , do the pony make pony sounds
Does it require battery ?
can we ride it on the road ? in a cul-de-sac I mean .
how is it different from a rocking horse ? just moves forward or does it feel like riding a real pony
Will the horse move on carpet?
Does it come with a warranty ?
Is there any way to steer?
Does this go on carpet? Can I tall two year old still reach the floor? My daughter has no interest in ride on cars but maybe will like this
How tall is it?
My daughter is wanting the one with purple hair. Is this the one with purple hair or is jewel the one with purple hair?
Do the clothes for regular Lalaloopsies fit her?
Age appropriate for ?
recommended age
Is this doll top heavy.?? Had a silly hair doll with bendable hair another year and the hair would hardly bend and it was top heavy..I didn't like it
How big is this doll? Two of the pictures are very small and then three pictures show a much larger doll. The description says 15 inch doll
Lalaloopsy Loopy Hair Doll, Peanut Big Top: how long do I have to wait for delivery
Why do NONE of the dolls I have tried sing without stopping or sounding like a broken record? Am I the only one with this problem?
Is this Myra doll in her original package?
what size batteries do i need for the mooshka myra doll?
Why does Myra cost so much more than the others?
how tall is this doll?
does she come with the pet polar bear?
can the hair be washed?
Is this the full size or the mini doll?
what size is this doll?
Is this like a rag doll or a hard body doll????
laloopsy come ina box? cause i wanted for a chritsmas gift?
Is it the mini doll r full size?
Is this the regular sized doll?
The price says $19 plus change but when I click on the doll it is back up to full price. Could you please confirm the price for me?
I am about to order lalaloopsy loopy hair doll jewel sparkles at $29 99 can you confirm full size doll
Is this the full size or mini doll?
How tall is this doll?
so is it mini or full size doll some of the reviews say different things
Do they all sing "Ring Around the Rosie"?
How many inches is Katia?
Do their dresses come off?
does this doll sing as well
what is the name of the spanish girl. I cannot find her ANYWHERE?
Do both the Tots and the larger dolls sing? Do they all sing Ring Around the Rosie?
Are the singing dolls machine washable?
What size batteries do we need for the doll to sing?
does it sing the whole song
what size batteries are needed for the doll
What is the run time on a charge?
how long is the boat
are there upgrades for the motor and is this boat for fresh or salt water
is it 3s
Would this boat be to big to run in a swimming pool?
is there a battery replacement that would give longer "run time"?
Is it possible to operate two of these at the same time?
Does it come with a battery
Any upgrades for the boat that should be a must?
can you use a lithium battery with this boat?
How much it cost a shipping to italy
What exatcly comes in the box besides the tank and controller?
What size battery pack does this come with? Are the treads and gears metal?
Can the recoil feature be turned off?
is it a good buy for the price
do you think a ten yaer old boy should have it
Is this a 2.4ghz version?
what ages is this for?
is it appropriate for a 5 yr old
Are the 3 AAA batteries included?
Age appropriate?
What are the deminsions of the plane
what is size of this plane?
Why the price difference between this one and the other model that's NOT pink?
Can the product be taken apart into pieces since I will bring it overseas?
What is the exactly shipping weight? I ask this because I found one similiar product, and the shipping weight was 7 pounds
I've got laminant flooring throughout the whole house, tile in the kitchen.. would it slip and slide too much?
What batteries does it use?
There are shipping to Russia?
This is in spanish mode?
can I use AA battery?
can we also use AAA battery
Does it come with charger
does it come in more than one frequency so 2 or more can play together?
Can it be driven in mud or snow?
can it drive forward
What is the shipping cotst to Argentina.?
what size is it in inches please?
i have the v912 tx can i buy the v913 by itself and use the v912 tx?
Bored at my V911. Need a bigger boy. Can I change the batteries on V913 as easily as the V911? I hate the down time while charging the battery
why did lose lift
I received the V913 the other day. It came with a bad battery. How long has the product been on the market?
Can you tell me the length of the blades, and the total length from the tip of the body to the tip of the tail boom?
Does it come with a north America outlet converter?
Does anyone know what kind of manly carry case I can get for my husband? I can't find any. I would like it to carry v913 helicopter and tools TY
My 913 heli goes sideways to the left. Tried trim, servo horn, and linkage adjustment. I cannot seem to correct it. Any suggestions?
can this heli do bank turns like the v912 ??
Hi, what version is? The "original" Japanese one?
what's the difference between ex and the rest of the figures?
What is the cat logo &#xFF1F;
how heavy is the item?
How tall is this item?
Whats the armour material? Metal or plastic?
hello the figure is japan version thank you
I read a review that Woody did not speak spanish. If I order will I get a bilingual speaking Woody?
Good morning. is the same toy with both languages &#x200B;&#x200B;and is scheduled or you have to select the toy and language.
What sounds does he say? only: "Hello", "Yeeehaaa" and "Ha ha haaa" ?
can you make him speak english only - is there a switch to turn off?
Can speak spanish?
how tall is it?
Good night, Im from venezuela I want to know is this toy speak in spanish?because I read a review that say that doesn&acute;t speak spanish only english
And I want to know if the doll its the same of the box?exactly?change something? thanks
is good for kids 12 year
How tall is the slide?
Is it easy and compact for storage?
Is this easy enough for a 2 year old to climb up?
will you ship in asia
Can we use this dry??
Does this come with a warranty, and if so, what is it? Has anyone had experience with using it?
How long is the water slide
How long is the water slide
How deep is the splash zone (the area where the water builds up at the bottom) ?
does it work on vision 2 plus
What voltage range does this accept?
Are their any tutorials on how to power up this LED?
Does this work on the Phantom 2?
How do I install this light, No instructions came with light
Perhaps one mistake but I buy this thinking that could be used in Phantom 2 vision Plus. There are any chance? there are another way to power this?
Can this be used with a Cheerson CX-20?
Is this 4or 5 pin connector .
will this work on the dji phantom 2 vision if not what will??
what battery will power this "stand alone" I don't really want to open my P-vision 2+. 9v transistor battery appears very weak.
As of 22 Dec 13, does this doll have the heart shape or spiderweb mask? Wherever you have seen it latest (bought, in store, etc) which version was it?
Does this doll have the heart shaped mask or the spider web shaped mask? the photos show both versions.
What is the real shipping weight of this doll? is it 11,2 ounces or 3 pounds?
does it works on the WLtoys v959?
does it works on the WLtoys v959?
Has anybody tried to use this on the WL toys v939? Will it fit? Thanks
how do u connect it to dji f550 ??
How tall is this? I.e. how much clearance for gimbal and camera?
what is the diameter of the 2 larger (main) tubes to which everything else is mounted? is it 10mm or 12mm?
Does this work with qr x-350?
What is the distance/span between the upper rails? 50mm? 60mm?
is compatible with zenmus gimbal h3 d3 &iquest;?
can i fix this skid on the Phantom 2 ? im tired of the gopro want to mount somthing else ?
Will this work on a turbo ace x830 quadcoptor? thanks
two pictures are different. The bottom two tubes that rest on the ground., one picture shows a tube connecting the two while another picture does not
how much does this weigh?
Where is it made? Does it say on the bottom of the train? I have some trains that are made in Thailand and was wondering if this one is too.
which picture is accurate? The red toy or brown?
Will these trains fit your typical wooden train track?
So it doesn't bring Mr. Grouper like in the picture???
What type of songs and phrases does this toy say?
does grouper come with this?
what figure set do I need to get for the swim-sational school. can't find the size of the ones that come with the set
age requirment
Does this come with the bus, too?
age requirment
Can u create fake food for it to eat or do you have to constantly buy extra food? Also, can the diapers be re-used?
How long does it take for the baby to pee or poop after being fed? I want to use this as a potty training doll, but is there a time lag before it comes out or is it instant?
That size of baby's diaper can use this Baby alive? Newborn child or premature baby?
Can baby alive real surprises wear real baby preemie clothes?
Does she really close her eyes like shown?
Realizing I'll need to look for clothes that don't have to go over the head, have you found this baby can wear a certain size baby clothes?
I want to buy this doll, but I need to speak in Spanish, if I buy online, I'll have the security that I receive come you speak Spanish?
Just bought this doll for my daughter and it is not pooing nor peeing. it still has in the demo batteries. Please advise
how many inches is the baby alive real suprise
Could a dish rag/wash rag be used as a liner for a diaper and make the diapers reusable?
How big is Olfa
how big is it
Can you turn off the talking??
What is the material used? Could i have the Material Analysis Certificate requested in my country's Customs agency? Probly you already have that Certi
does it talk/say phrases and if so, what does it say?
why dos this cost so much money can't you make a big one that cost $10 but i don't care that it is so small it is cuter and i don't have space so i like that
why so expensive
What phrases does he say?
Does he come apart and go back together?
Does the doll talk?
Does it have small parts a 2 year old could swallow?
How big is the medium Elsa?
Does it play the song Let it Go???
is this the same doll available in the Disney stores?
How tall is Elsa
How tall is this doll?
How tall is she?
Does it ship in a box or is it actually in a box and does it have a tag?
In the picture Anna's hair looks blondish with little hint of brown, is that how it is in actual doll or is it red like the actual character ?
If my granddaughter puts it in her mouth will the face paint come off?
How tall is she?
How tall is the doll?
how tall?
Is this doll washable?
How many inches is this product?
What does she say when she talks?
Does it turn off?
Dose doll come in packaging?
are the batteries replaceable when they die out?
Is this a real disney product or is it a chinese clone?
All the Just Play Olaf Plush I get are not bean plush only regular plush?? Are there really bean plush for sale or is this a mistake in the listings?
when they say "electric" what electric, what do they mean?
How many can be flown in the same room without interference? (IR Channels)
What colors are available?
Do these Bugz come 2 in a package?
Should I get it
If possible can I please get 3 different colors??
do you get all 5 colors? or do you choose what color you would like?
Anyone have working voices for other than sofia and amber? Mattel wants to send me a new one...calling bullcrap on it'll work.
What is the actual size of these figures?
Does this come with the blue platform for characters to stand on?
Do these bend at the waist? I'm trying to figure out the differences between this set and another where Miranda and Amber are in blue dresses.
Are sofia&acute;s friends figurines for sale? I only found Ruby
Will you ship to you UK ?
When will the item ship?
I'm thinking of buying the Sofia the First Royal Prep Academy, so I want to find out if these are the right sized dolls to fit in it. Thanks
Per the photo on the box and what was in the box doesn't match and our Green long piece is shorter than shown, any suggestions?
Is this set compatible with GO GO smart wheels train set?
My set came with only one detour piece and 2 open ends - thus the train runs off the track. Is is possible to buy more pieces. Can't find in stores.
does the "wheels" track Smart Points interact with the Go go animals?
Anyone have a problem getting the tracks to completely connect as shown on the box. No matter what I do, there is always a space.
Do the cars ride on their own or do you have to push them?
Do the cars move (electric) on their own with batteries, or do they have to be pushed?
Is scale 1:55 planes would fit in this Aircraft Carrier? what is the scale of the included plane?
Our 4 year old got this for his birthday. We'd like to purchase more planes to go with it. I can't tell which specific planes will work with it.
How many planes can you fit in the carrier? Need to know if it's worthwhile to get as storage for all the planes my son has so far.
age bracket
what are the dimensions of this product please? this listing provides 2 x 2.5 x 1 inches... is that 2 feet by 2.5 feet by 1 in?
what age group
does the carrier talk like the one from cars and does the plane have wheels on the bottom for kids that like to push things around?
Is this apropriate for a 2 year old? He liked the movie but my husband wants to buy this for him and I am hesitant to by it. Please help? Thanks
does this include a Dusty figure?
Is a 7 year old who liked the movie too old for this toy? Thanks.
Is this a four person car or just two?
Is the Barbie included?
What kind of batteries does it take?
do the doors open?
Do the door's open
Does this require batteries? If so, what kind? Are they included?
What's the package size?
Is the box the car comes in 9x18x18 or are those the actual dimensions of the car?
age group
What is the weight of the package?
Hi I am from Venezuela, I would like to know if the toy speaks only in English or have an option to change it to Spanish?
Is anyone else's car broken after less than a year? Our's is stuck on the engine startup noise/light.
I'm planning to purchase this for a 1 year old (birthday present). Would this be good for 1 year old? Thanks!
hi im from venezuela, the car come in english or it has an option to change it to shapinsh?
does it fit in the american tourister bag? I would like to carry this in flight along with some other stuffs
The antenna broke, what can we do to fix it? Can I order a new remote?
How do I change the tires. Should I just hold the spare ones tight and put them on the plastic ones.? will it break?
My son loved this car but the charger wires broke in the first 2 days. Can we buy a replacement charger?
wheels for 1:10 scale rc drift will serve this 1:14 scale model?
does it have suspension?
brings the charger included?
is it proportional? Does it also come with non drift tires and is it fast
Does it have a wheel on the bottom of the car so that it can drift?
How long does it run with a full charged battery and how long does it take for the battery to be fully charged?
are batterys included ?
Is the Barbie able to ride/sit upon the horse?
Are Skippers knees jointed?
How tall is the doll? How tall is the horse?
the horse comes with the doll?
How tall is the horse?
what is included?
does sattle come off
will the doll sit on the horse
Are all of the sisters included in this set? Skipper, Chelsea, and Stacie?
what is the age range
How many pieces are there in Barbie and Her Sisters in a Pony Tale RV Vehicle?
Is it already assembled?
Why are you charging double the price? It is available at other major retailers for half of this amount.
Why is this toy so much? The retail price is 89.99.
What are the dimensions?
Does this come with dolls?
Do the wheels actually roll? Can this be pushed around like a car?
does the horse take batteries
Just purchased and I am wondering what the two white rectangular shaped pieces are for. They have a groove in the center
Is this horse for full size barbie
Does this horse fit a Barbie?...it looks small like it was made for the Chelsea doll or younger dolls
will this doll actually have the long braid? I ordered this exact same one from another seller and they sent me the one with the bun I already had. Th
Do you deliver this Elsa in France ?
What size is the doll elsa
The Elsa showing 2 dresses is in a different package right? Does the package with the dressing screen come with 2 dresses?
does this actually come with 2 dresses?
What is the size of the doll
I think it is a mistake in the shipping weight, what is the correct shipping weight?
monster high are the originals?
Is her lipstick covered in golden glitter, or is it a metallic gold paint without any? I hate shedding glitter, but she's so pretty.
Is there a trick to getting the tv to change channels? The blue levers on ours seem to be stuck.
When shipped- Will this dream house be placed in another box (brown) for disclosure?
What are the dimensions when the house is assembled?
Is the house furnished?
How many pieces are there exactly in Barbie Dream House?
what kind of batteries do you need?
Does it come with all the clothes?
Is the food in the refrigerator included?
How do I get missing and/or replacement parts?
Thinking about one for my grandchild (4 1/2). If we put it together, how hard would it be for them to transport it home that night?
age
Is this toy too advanced for a 3 year old? I've seen mixed age ranges, some say 3 and older, others show 5 and older?
Does this track collapse into something smaller (fold and go type) or do you have to reassemble the track every time it's used?
Are there accessory pieces to go with this track? We would like to add to it?
how many cars come with this?
do you need batteries
does in come with cars
can you use regular hot wheel cars with this?
Can this be used without an ipad? Does it take batteries? Is it easy to assemble? Looking at this for 4 yoa nephew.
how big is it?
Do you have a pedal riding car for Dusty? That would be a great toy for a child.
Can you fly this plane
Are the eyes made of plastic or covered with a sticker ?
The product detail for size do not seem accurate unless it is the packaging you are referring to. Plane is 2 1/2 "x 3"
how big is it
size
its Plastic or metal?
what size is it?
i can use for Disney Planes Sky Track Challenge Track
does this come with the plastic display case ?
scale
is this the 1:55 scale die cast figure?
what size is this?
will they fit on Planes carrier?
is this the 1:55 scale die cast figure?
Does this plane work with the sky track challenge track set
Is this plane 1:55 or 1:43?
are the disney planes in the play sets the same size as the ones sold seperate?
Is it Mantell? Does it have stand doll?
How tall is the doll?
do you mean it is good?
is it worth the money?
Are the arms painted on or is it sleeves from the dress?
Is the dress real or painted ?
what are the dimensions? how tall is she?
how tall is she?
is this the real Disney Elsa doll?
where can i find one by tomorrow ? Live in abilene texas.
Do Barbie clothes fit Elsa. What is her height
I cannot tell if the back of the cape is ripped or made with a long gap. Is the material under the Velcro of the cape supposed to be sown together?
it says estimate delivery april 3-April 7 i look and it says not shipped yet? will i get this before april 15? its for my daughter's birthday.
Is it the 11 inch doll ?
Is this the same size as the anna and elsa toddler dolls?
Do his clothes come off? And he is anatomically like a Ken doll?
What is the differrence between sparkle and classic dolls?
How tall is he which you did not say here?
Is there a Sven doll or figure that goes with this Kristoff I could also buy?
how tall is he?
Is this a 12 inch doll?
What is the size?
Can you change the dress of the barbie ?
Once the barbie's hair is chalked, while she is being played with, does the calk get on bedding, carpet, clothes, etc? Does it transfer off her hair?
Are there color hair chalk refills?
Can you use the chalk in your own hair?
Hi, I am not sure about these products but I want to ask that if this particular item comes with barbie doll inside?
Can be used with the Disney airplane race set?
will this chupacabra work with the sky track challenge set?
What is the size of el chu and it's like planes?
When you remove plastic tab at back does the Anna doll just play the same few notes i.e. no change in length of musical played?
What size battery does the doll take? Mine arrived with a dead battery. Thanks
Purchase Elsa and Anna together, can it fit dual vanity play set cloth?
I would like to know how tall is the doll
Wich Elsa doll is suitable to play music with Anna?
How tall is Anna?
Does the Anna doll have the white streak in her hair braid like she did in the movie? It just won't work if the streak isn't there!
Can this doll stand alone? Thanks.
only sing in english ?
what songs are played on doll?
can the universal plug be put on other planes
where do you get more plans
We lost one of the little blue connectors that fit the blue chutes together. Can I get a replacement?
What planes go with the Disney Planes Sky Trak Challenge Trackset?
does the set come with just one universal plug
Can the universal plug be removed to put on other planes
Since this only comes with one airplance (cheesy since the box shows two), where do you get more? The other ones on Amazon are plastic not diecast.
Why did this doll increase in price from $29.99 to $50.40?
Does the Disney one play more than just w verses, plays few seconds? Is it suppose to play whole song?
Are these licensed products, and is the packaging in english? You show 2 picturse of the doll in the box, one is in english the other is in Chineses
how tall is this doll
Can this doll stand alone? Thanks.
The battery was dead in the doll I ordered from Amazon. I don't see any information on what size to buy for a replacement. Disappointed.
How big is the doll?
How long does Elsa sing for?
This should play and sing with a voice Let It Go correct?
Does this doll come in the original packaging?
Is this for use in the water as well?
Is this Gup okay for the bath, or no? It looks like it's not....but want to make sure.
Can the Octonaut action figures fit in this Gup?
is the top painted on or actual clothes?
how tall is she?
How tall are these dolls?
are these the real thing?
For what ages are these dolls?
how tall is she
Size ,does she sing
Will the Barbie clothes fit the Disney Anna?
So, do yo send clothes along with the doll? or, we need to buy it separately?
Hello, do you send to Brazil?
Are these a size that could be used as cake toppers?
The description says, "Includes 1 shell racer vehicle, collect them all" Is this for a pack of 5 or just one snail racer?
Does it go on Shell Racer Speedway Track Set and do all racers have veels
I'm in Houston, from where they send this toy?, to know that I would have time
does cleo have earings
Is this an international box?
is it a fun toy?
is this for the home ick 2 pack heath &amp; abbey set or the cleo 2 pack set
will barbie clothes and shoes fit her?
what is the size
How tall are the frozen dolls Anna &amp; Elsa?
What is the difference between this doll and the other color change (royal) Elsa doll by Mattel?
does it come in box?
does it come in a box?
Are the clothes removable or are parts drwn on?
Hello, do you send to Brazil?
can you do it over and over?
So are her legs hard?
Anyone able to post a picture of the back of this slide? What the steps look like? Thanks.
can this be use on above the ground pools? I
Can you use it on the water
how much space is need on concrete side walk adjacent pool
What are the dimensions of the bottom of the fully inflated slide? I am thinking of getting a rubber mat underneath it as some customers recommended.
How tAll is it
What is weight limit?
How does this slide stay on the deck without blowing away?
What is the dimensions of the slide blown up?
Can you plug-in headphones while it's still in the case?
Will this work for iPad Air?
Does this work for IPAD Air
Does this fit ipad 1st genteration?
Do you have to take the iPad out of the case to charge it?
can you use it without the pen, just like a regular ipad with your finger?
does it suitable with Ipad Air?
Are there any other cards you can purchase for the app?
does it work with ipad 4? this is thinner than 2
Does this work on the Ipad first generation?
Does the doll have an off switch?
does it come with batteries
is this good for cuddling or sleeping with
Do you have to push a button for it to talk or does it talk by movement?
what kind of batteries does it use-----AAA or AA or what?
How do you activate Olaf for him to say phrases and what phrases does he say?
How many phrases/sentences does the doll say?
What phrases does he say?
What is the age range for this toy? I want to get this for my 2 year old nephew, but I am worried about the fact that it is a pull apart toy.
What is the age range for this toy? I want to get this for my 2 year old nephew, but I am worried about the fact that it is a pull apart toy.
This is a sealed product, correct?
you can send it to mexico?
If i pre-ordered this a while ago will it still ship as prime?
When will this actually ship? I need it to arrive 5/3.
is this a preorder b/c i thought dragons maze released may 3
Is this an original Wizard's of the Coast sealed product? Search image is a single row card box with sleeved cards. Current seller has not responded.
How tall are the figures?
Can these figurines get wet i.e., safe in bathtub? Thanks.
Do the figures stand stably on their own? My 3 year old gets frustrated when figurines fall over and cannot stand on their own.
how big are these figures?
Can it be used with magiclip dresses?
Would these fit in an easter egg?
Do You ship to the Philippines?
would a 3 year old enjoy playing with this doll or is it too small?
How tall is the actual doll?
How small is this doll??
How large is this playset?
Does this set come with Ariel?
why is this so expensive when its at walmart cheaper than half the price??
My little girl lost the little mermaid and Flounder. How can i get a new figures?
what is the recommended age
Is this part of the Flip and Switch set?
My grandniece likes playsets with little people or creatures that she can place and put in and out. She just turned two, and is very imaginative! What are the accessories?
Does it include the Mermaid and other accessories?
how tall is it
Could this be used in the bath tub or should it stay away from water?
Where's the paperwork on how to assemble it? The packaging is awful and I would send it back but I do not want to incur a restocking fee.
How many dolls/figures does this set come with?
Can this be attached to a bath tub wall?
Does this need to be stuck to the wall or can you just play with it on the ground?
Does anyone know where you can get extra hangers for this? We repainted my daughters walls and my husband threw away the blue plastic hangers.
This is a gift for my niece but I checked the box, the button releasing the doll from the ferris wheel was not screwed, is that okay? I have a picture
We took this down for a remodel project, and I need to buy more command strips to re-hang. Does anyone know what size they are?
How big of a deal is the packaging? Not worth ordering it?? Also, can anyone tell me approx. dimensions after it's on the wall?
Does this come with everything in the picture?
Just to clarify, you receive all wall sets that are shown in the picture? The product description only talk about the mall.
So it comes with all the same accessories shown on the picture?
does it come with the accessories you see in the picture?
does this come with the shoes and purses?
Is it easy to move this castle? We don't have a playroom so I would be moving this from a closet out into the living room and vice versa.
This fits traditional Barbie dolls and princess dolls ?
Hello I want to know if this castle come in pieces or comes all in one piece, I need put that in my baggage to bring to Argentina.
Does this castle comes in a box? If the answer is yes, how big and heavy is it all together?
want to buy the castle but I need to know if I can send by DHL to my house
Do the Disney store princess dolls fit in the castle?
Do the Disney store princess dolls fit in the castle?
hi, tihs toy is the premiun version or standar version
Magic clip princess doll appropriate? My 3YO is obsessed with these little princess dolls, I am in search of a great castle &amp; later upgrade dolls.
I know this castle stands over 3 feet tall, but how wide is it? Or I guess what is its length?
What is the actual height of the doll?
Does this doll have actual legs and feet?
2 questions: Is this the same size as the mini Disney princess dolls with the clip-on dresses? Does she have a painted on swimsuit/underwear?
Do not drop a lot of glitter powder?
Does it say 75th year in upper left corner of box
Does it come with a doll stand?
is she 3ft
is this the first dorothy doll or the latest one
What does Hallie actually say?
Can it be washed
Does with come with the box attached? Thx
What is Hallie's height?
Size?
Doc McStuffins Cuddles and Hugs Lambie Talking Plush What is all her saying and does she sing the song I feel better so much better!!
Does this Lambie fit in the seat of the Get Better Taking Mobile?
What is the size of the Cuddles and Hugs Lambie Talking Plush?
What is the difference between this one and the chit and chattin lambie? Any suggestions
How big is this Lambie doll?
Is it soft?
Is this an authentic product?
How many inches exactly is the plush doll? Like, is it 5 inches, 6, 7, 8, etc? Please give me a number in inches, not cm. Thank you.
Did I receive a bootleg?
I bought this toy but when I got it it looked nothing like the picture dose that mean it a bootleg? AND it said tarkra tomy on it but the package says it from China instead of Japan
I keep seeing some reviews with bootlegs and bad packaging, also seeing perfect reveiws. I see in the ratings it has been high reviews. What do I do?
I would like to know the names of the sellers that you all got your plushes from. It would be really helpful in weeding out the bootleg sellers.
How many cm? not good with inches :(
Why are the pink stripes on mine brown?
Could it be shipped to Guatemala?
Is the band velcro and could you extend with another velcro strap?
Is the belt itself real leather
How many inches from top to bottom of the main panel?
Would you happen to know approximately the size of the replica toy belt compared to the actual belt? Thank you for your time...
Is it really metal?
is this adult size ?
Hello! would the belt fit a 40in waist?
would this fit a 44 inch waist?
is there velcro or buttons to wear it
Will this item be delivered to Singapore?
Does it have an off button
just got the plane home and the propeller does not work when it does do the led lights light up on the propeller?
what age is the toy for?
Do the wings fold up?
Do you know where I can get a replacement charger?
This isn't the dusty ride on toy that has a removable safety rail that goes around the waist is it?
Would this be appropriate for a 3 year old?
Do the wheels turn when you turn the steering wheel?
What accessories come in the box with it?
Can you order a replacement propeller
Does this Barbie come in a box?
Can you get this doll with brown or red hair?
DO YOU HAVE AFRICAN AMERICAN BARBIE DOLLS
What condition is the box that she is in???? Thank You, Flora May
will it be in the original box
does this barbie come in it original box
are they in the original box
My box came with a crumbled corner. It came with no return paperwork. How can I get it exchanged?
do you still have the 1 holiday barbie left? I am in desparate need for one of these to make a wish. ANy help will be appreciated.
Does this Holiday Barbie comes with a doll stand?
What kind of wood is used to make the blocks?
What are the measurements of 1 piece? What is the cost to embroider the name of the bride and groom and the wedding date on the bag?
How many pieces are included?
how big is this puzzle board is it 103 cm by 75 cm or 98 cm by 75 cm?
What type of fabric does it have? Is it felt? Does puzzle dust, cat fur etc. stick to it?
HOW DO I ORDER THE PUZZLE BOARD WITH A COVER
Would a 10" x 10" base support the treehouse?
My granddaughter is 6 1/2 would she be old enough for this set?
How many pieces in this set and for what age group
age group
What age level?
Do you need to purchase the green building plate separately or is everything necessary in the kit?
What age level is the treehouse for?
Shipping n handling is very high for international shipping! Even purchase more thn $35.00 above. Anyway to hv discount on shipping
What kind of blocks are in the box?
Is the brick remover tool included in this set?
does lego gandalf the white have two faces
How many pieces in this set?
How long does it take to be delivered?
how do you build the mirror image so you can connect them
Is it new? Is it complete, in the original box?
if you put two of this sets together it looks better? but is it worth it for 60$? is one worth the 60$???
Is this a push train or does it go on it's own?
Does the engine need to be "built"? My grandson has special needs and assembling the pieces needs to be part of his therapy.
Can the train from set 10558 (number train) run on this track?
recommended age
Do the tracks snap on to Duplo building plates or will they simply sit above?
Can I purchase more train track for this train
Can I purchase more train track for this train
Can the figures fit inside the train? Are there any doors on the train that open?
Does the train move smoothly when pushed? Some powered trains don't move easily by hand.
Does it come with batteries? What kind of battery does it take?
Does the canon shoot people out of it?
Does the boat float in the water (would it be ideal for bath play)?
What is the sail made out of? Is it durable?
does the shaft and sail come off? I need to decorate a pirate ship birthday cake.
is it possible to put these on a lego duplex building plate?
are these the regular size legos that will work with other lego sets or are they bigger for the younger kids
Where is it made in? china or japan?
what is the material and is it a limited edition?
Hello, Just wondering if you still have this item in stock, ready to ship? I'm wanting to cancel an order I placed with someone else. Thaks
I pre-ordered this statue so do you know when it will ship. Or do I have to cancel the order and then re buy it.
Can anyone tell me when this is going to ship?
Well I just re purchased this statue. So hopefully it gets here in a week or two.
The picture shows bigger kids in a backless booster seat. Does that large head really fit in a carseat with head supports?
No where can I find if this Seat Pet is washable. Can someone please tell me. I know it will need it.
Will it attach to seat belt as some are advertised?
Does it come with the blanket like on tv
Does it come with the backpack strap?
how many pockets does it have?
What is the estimated shipping time?
do these work with a high back booster seat?
I understand that five players can play with this expansion set. Are there multiple roles for the fifth player or must you use the bioterrorist?
I have the 1st edition of the base game, can I play with the 2nd OTB or do would i need to buy the 2nd edition of the base game as well?
The 1st edition of On The Brink came with petri dishes to store your wooden disease cubes. Does the 2nd edition include these?
Never played pandemic before, Can I start with this one or am I supposed to get a different pandemic?
Can Pandemic 2nd edition with the expansion be played by just one person? (Someone told me this.)
is this really made in canada ?
how do you order the English version? cause the pictures of the game are deffinitly not english
Can the game &amp; expansion fit in one Pandemic box (either the original or expansion box)?
I see that the expansion adds a 5th player... Does that mean you can play with 5 people instead of 4? And must have 5 people to play the expansion?
Is this the English or Spanish version? Your image is not the English version.
Work
what age group?
Are characters made of hard plastic or something softer?
do these characters work with the game app?
Will a 10 year old enjoy this game or is it for younger children? Thanks.
Is this doll african american?
How many inches is the doll?
Do you know if the body parts (face, arms, legs) are made from (latex, plastic, ?).
Hi! Do you send to Brazil? How much shipping? Tks Ana Paula
can you feed the new baby alive make me better doll
What is the height of the Equestria Girl dolls?
When I did the search though Amazon it says it is $18.74, when I click on it the price changes to $34.99
can i get sunset shimmer by herself
how many inches is it?
Hi, I'm in the UK but when I try to pay, it says the item is not available for shipping to this destination. How do I add it with correct shipping?
what is the age for this
Do you ship to uk
Where is the on ...off switch. Says cant charge while on but we can not find actual switch
Do it go on grass?
Howfast does it go??
what's the weight limit
How fast does it go
Is the red light on all the time? Or does it function as a night light? Is this bright? Or can you set the red light to only come on at, say, 4am?
Does this run ok on batteries exclusively? Anyone know how long it lasts or if there's any warning it'll run out?
Does the yellow light work as a warning light when set correctly?
Does this timer have a pause button? I would like to use it as a TV timer for the day.
Does this timer have a ticking sound when in use?
Can the lights be used in the opposite order? Such as green for go and then it turns red when a guest speaker should stop?
How long does the green light stay on after the timer is up? If my kid sleeps in later, will the green light still be on?
How loud is the buzzer? Does it have a snooze button? Trying to find an alarm clock WITHOUT a snooze button!!
Could you describe the sound that it makes when you use that option?
Can this timer be attached/mounted to a wall? I'd like to use it right by my son's door so he knows not to leave his room at nap/quiet time.
Do you shake it to make it freeze?
Do you get four for $34.49
Is this a pack of 4 and are they boxed individually?
Is the bears hat removable?
Is the year 2013 printed/embroidered on a paw or somewhere on the bear?
How big is the Gund Bear
Is this a one item per customer promotion or can you order a second bear with a second qualifying order? I have yet to find the "rules".
Shipping Weight: 18 pounds . is this correct ?
Can you ship to Mexico?
it moves? I mean,legs % hands moves? if you move the doll stay still?
WHAT PARTS OF THE BODY MOVE AND DOES HE TALK?
does this come with a knife?
Can you ship to korea? It is very curious. I already had a payment...:(
Is this a good guys chucky doll?
Does this doll come with the knife?
how big is the chucky doll
does this dool walk and talk I really would like to buy this doll?
what does the box look like?
what does the box look like?
I want to purchase 4 lego paintball figures. Can u combine shipping.
do you offer combined shipping rates?
how well and how fast does it run?
How long do the batteries last?
How many and what type batteries does it need?
The original Robosapien was very hackable by design - you could open it and modify it to add computer control. Has anyone done this with the X?
does he talk, and answer
can you use it through walls
what does the WowWee Robosapien X Robot Kit do
is it good for a girl
what is the difference between this one and the WowWee's humanoid robot. Which one I should buy for a 6-year old boy? Thanks in advance.
what batteries does it use
What sounds are played? Does the toilet flush?
what batteries does this toy use?
This looks adorable, but I'm wondering ig my 4 1/2 year old granddaughter is too old for it.
What song plays when you push the step or the button on the floor in the living area? Mine cycles through like 5 things when you touch either of these
Are people included?
Got this dollhouse secondhand, looking to buy furniture. Does anyone know if there is furniture sold separately for it?
Does pink house have washer and dryer that makes noises like purple house.
Does the Mother have the white shirt painted on under her pink one in? The one I received is just flesh colored there and looks like she is flashing.
does your music play on loop? I hit one button and all the sounds start, one after the other.
Does it come with the people?
what age u would recomend this for
Does it need batteries? Are they included? If not, what size and how many? (I don't want to give gift that isn't "ready to use.")
Are the Mike the Knight Klip Klop figures (Mike and Evie) compatible with this Disney Princess Klip Klop stable?
Does it come with one princess and rider, or two?
Are the Klip-Klop characters compatible with other Disney Princess toys (i.e., the Disney Princess Castle)?
Does this come apart easily? I would buy it for Christmas at my parent's house, but I would need to disassemble it to get home by airplane.
I see other klip klop characters sold separately with a ramp. Does the other ramp that you can buy with another character connect to this?
I see other klip klop characters sol separately with a ramp. Does the other ramp that you can buy with another character connect to this?
What is the difference between the "frustration free" packaging and the "standard" packaging?
ages
age level please
does it come with figures
Is there a switch to turn the sound off?
any toxic paint or plastic on this
Is any part of this made of PVC?
What age child is this appropriate for?
Is it really 17 centimeters? That's long for a key chain. If it is, that's a good price for this.
is it sharp?
Does it click into the case? Or does it easily slide out.
is it made of metal
is it made of metal
Does the sword shine like actual metal? From the pictures, it looks like it's plastic. And is the sword sharp? The tip looks a bit dull.
is it big for cosplay
How long is slide
are ground anchors included? plastic parts have sun protecction?
Is it easy to take off the swings that come with this and put on optional swing pieces?
Does this swing set have - All of the painted and plastic parts have UV protection to guard against fading? I have seen this on other sites?
will this body fit the ecx torment 1/10 scale 2 wd short course truck
can you put it on a scx10 deadbolt
how much is the shipping weight?
can it off roadin
is it 4 wheel drive!?!
Is it water proof
is it a rc
is it a good rock crawler
is the ford f150 rc
is the ford f150 rc
1st edition?
English set?
My aunt is coming back from Miami on sunday. Is there any way of shipping it on friday?
is the box fully seal of is open whit the seal pack`s?
Is the tank the same color as shown? Meaning, is the nose of the tank BLACK? Thanks.
can go off road
will this work with an iphone 6
does it work with iphone 6
Dropped it and need a spare front wheel! Where can I get one
can it work on a tablet
someone gave me just the tank, no box or any other booklets or manuals. Can i still use it?
how fast does it go??
Does a samsung galaxy 2 work as a controller
What is the app called?
Can you give this doll a pacifier... and will it stay in the doll's mouth?
Is it 11 inch or 16 inch doll?
Do Preemie clothes fit this doll? My daughter is very into changing her dolls, this one looks great!
How are the arms and legs attached to the body? Our Aurora doll is attached by zip ties which are poking through the fabric and are very sharp.
Someone who has bought one of these dolls recently: What is the fabric of the body like? Is it more silky or sturdy? How thick does it seem?
Does the dolls eyes open and close?
can doll be put in water
can doll go in the bath tub
Is this doll made in the US?
Is the body, cloth or plastic
my grandson loves plants vs zombies but is this game okay for him? he is 7
how fun and easy is this game
Does this ship from within the United States?
I wanna buy the game! i'm fom mexico. is that a problem? what is the price of the shipping? thanks.
Does this model actually transforms into vehicle mode?
and does it need to be assembled with glue and other model building materials?
how tall is this in inches?
Is there an Optimus Prime like this that can be transformed into the truck and has decent dimensions when transformed into the robot?
Product Dimensions: 15.2 x 5 x 12 inches - which one is the high dimension 15.2 or 12 inches?
Is this product new in box?
can it be transformed into a truck?
is there an online code for the darkrai and giratina?
Does this set include the Team Plasma deck box?
how much is postage to spain?
Do you have to have On the Brink in addition to the 2nd edition Pandemic game to play this?
Does this work with the original pandemic, the second edition, or both?
Can you fit all of the base game, OTB, and ITL inside the ITL box? I like that I can fit everything so far into the OTB box and would like to be able to do the same here.
So do you use BOTH the main game board AND the board that comes with ITL? Or just the ITL? And if you ONLY use the ITL board how would that work?
Does this expansion add new players? I like Pandemic but I have too many friends. What a horrible problem to have.
Does this contain the new plastic pawns or the original wooden pawns?
So it needs the 2nd edition version of the game... why? So far the comments all say 2e was just new art and 2 new jobs. Why would that require owners of the original version to get the replacement pack?
Does this Ariel work with the Fisher-Price Little People Disney Princess Songs Palace? Will she sing/talk when you place her on the Palace?
what age is this for?
Where is Sebastian?
Does it come with the screw that connects the 2 sides or do we have to provide it ourselves?
Music doesn't play on the one I got. Also does this close up?
Music doesn't play on the one I got. Also does this close up?
is the castle supposed to snap shut?
What is the width measurement of these glasses from temple to temple?
Are these clear or sunglasses?
Would the glasses fit a 1 year old child for a Halloween costume?
What is the width measurement of these glasses from temple to temple?
Do the glasses stay on the doll's head without you try to get them to stay on with a headband or ect.
How tall are they?
Can I use them to make charm bracelet or keychain?
Does this product come in a box or are they loose
can i hang them from anything?
how fast can the delivery be ..without prime??
hello. what are these made of?
What are the 52 pieces (how many triangles, squares etc.)?
If you purchase two, would there be any foreseeable issues with interference between the two controllers/cars?
Does this work with existing Magformers a child already owns?
Do you need batteries?
How many cars can be made from this one set at the same time.
how does this differ from designer set?
How fast is it? It appears to move slowly in the ad that I saw and I'm worried that it's under powered
Are you able to steer the cars or do they just go straight backward and straight forward?
What powers the RC vehicle, rechargable batteries?
How many wheels
I bought this set for my Grandchildren~do they combine/ work with Magnatiles?
how do the lights work?
Will this set work with the other Magformers sets?
what age group are these good for
Do the design templates come with each set?
Would this work for a 5 yr old?
Will a 9 year old boy be bored with the Magformer 30 pieces?How long will this hold his attention? When I spoke with Magformers, this was implied - of course. Will a 9 year old find joy in 30 pieces or?? must I buy more. This is an expensive gift at...
how do the lights work? I didn't understand the answer.
How many pieces are there?
Led light change color
Does the downloaded app allow you to record the video at the same time?
Does this package come with a transmitter?
does it have a return to home function?
can it be used for a quadcopter?
Does the camera recorded on memory ?
Will this work with Android?
will it work with any smart phone?
Are extra batteries available for purchase?
What kind of range does it have?
How can I tell if I am ordering to updated Crawler with the 390 motors instead of the 380 motors? Thanks
Im looking for a crawler to outfit with a GroPro and use to slowing aproach wildlife. Would the RS10-XT-24 make a good choice? If so, what upgrades?
Just purchased as as entry level rc truck, how to i find a replace shell "clear body" for this crawler? (preferable ford,jeep,dodge)
is it possible to use the 1-8s Lipo Battery Tester Low Voltage Buzzer Alarm Rc 1s on this
Speed max?
Hi rockslide owners...Can I SAFELY run 5000 8.4V Nimh or 2S 7.4V Lipo on these for LONG period of time like 1+ hr? 3000 nimh 7.4v lasts 45 mins!!
This may sound dumb to some people but im new in the rc hobby but I see people talking about 380 and 390 motors what do those numbers mean ?
After driving hard both servos need replacing, which I was prepared for and okay with. Need best metal servos for under $20 on Amazon. Suggestions?
what servo do you recommend to replace the stock one that isn't expensive?
what servo do you recommend to replace the stock one that isn't expensive?
how fast does it go in MPH
can you use batterie packs instead of inserting batteries
Is there way to ship this to Mexico?
how many tanks u have to break in the procedure
how much if the fuel
does it come ready to run, and does it come with fuel?
Is there any setting in remote or ESC to make car slower? I want to give this car to a youg child so I want to make sure if I can slw the car so that he can learn without damaging the car at high speeds. Thanks.
Can you guys pls help me decide between this Volcano EPX PRO Brushless and Caldera 10E Brushless ? DURABILITY, Speed? Thanks!!
What size is the lipo battery does it come with the upgrade
Are HSP 1/10 Hop-Up Parts compatible with this truck? Is it possible to switch the Chasis to aluminum?
will it that a Venom 20C 2S 5000mAh 7.4V LiPO bat?
torn between the volcano, blackout and stampede, brushless or brushed?? any help would be great
arent 4 wheels soppose to spin on a 4x4 vehicle ? because only my rears are spinning ?
can you change freq. channel an run 2 at same time ?
can you put a castle creations mamba monster in it?
Is there a lipo battery in it?
What extra batteries and a decent quick charger would you use to extend the fun?
Does this truck have the 2.4 GHZ remote? In the description it references an AM remote but lower in the description it references the 2.4.
can it go through about 1/2 an inch of water?
how fast
how fast
which gear makes the truck run faster a motor gear or a transmission gear and which one should be the large on and which shall be the small gear?
We purchased this RC and was wondering how to tell when the battery is charged? Does the light change from red to green?
I see on their website that these now come with waterproof electronics is that what i am getting?
what size "body" would fit this truck?
What type battery connector does it use?
does this come with everything needed to use it?
Does it include a battery charger?
how fast does this go?
What is the exact shipping weight please?
Can you change their outfits?
Does the doll come with a bonus dvd with four episodes?
Does this doll come african american
How many prerecorded phrases should she have
what size is the battery
I asked the question earlier if this is new and if it comes in the box could someone please respond ASAP my boss would like to order today. Thank you.
whats the size?
what is the size is the aircraft. dimensions please.
Has anyone tried changing outfits on this barbie? If so, does the talking mechanism get in the way of other barbie clothes?
does her legs and arms bend?
How long of a phrase can Barbie record?
Does this Barbie come in a Barbie box?
can the dress be taken out? I would like to use this barbie for the birthday cake, will that spoil the barbie?
Does it pick up what you are saying accurately? Some toys I will say Hello! and they say Hey Ello!
Why does the search say this barbie is 9.99 and when you click on it it says 19.99??
Does she take batteries?
is it ok for an 11 year old
Are her shoes actually outlined on the bottom with gold as the picture shows? I saw several on the shelves that didn't have that detail.
how big is the book
Does it come in the original box
What age limit?
Does it take long to get this doll? i bought it yesterday but it said i should expect it to arrive september 19th! does it really take that long?
What pet does Gigi have?
How tall is it
Is this Splashing Ariel battery operated? Is it supposed to do anything other than flip her tail back and forth like tail lighting up?
If I buy 2 will I have to pay shipping 2X?
Can you comb the hair? pics are confusing
Can my grand daughter take the doll in the tub and submerse it?
Can this doll be bend at the hip? For example, can she sit on a cake? Thanks
The doll speaks Spanish
How tall are Lambie and Stuffy?
The doll speaks Spanish
Pls to confirm if the language is only in english?
Is Doc McStuffins (this model) available to speak and sing in Spanish?
Does she sing the entire "time for your checkup song" or just a part of it?
Does it require batteries?
Will this doll come in the original box? It's a gift, I seem someone complain that it wasn't in the box &amp; looked stolen
Does this item come with the doctor bag?
Is the doll African American?
Is it warm enough for camping outdoors?
Re: Dimensions. Listed above as: "Slumber mat dimensions opened: 52"L x 30"W x 3"H Closed:26"L x 30"W x 3"H." How does the length halve when opened?
is the "Sophia the First slumber bag" machine washable?
What is frustration free packaging? How does the toy arrive?
Why would medical equipment be gender specific?
Does the doctor's bag open so you can put everything inside?
are they big
What is frustration free packaging? Does the toys come loose in a bag of some sort?
How many cards do you get
what cards are included
I would love to buy quite a few packs, but the shipping costs are just way to big. Anyway to get is smaller?
Does anyone know if the exclusive codes, like the 3 codes for each figure, come with this pack?
So besides Blackbeard, one of the other figures is confirmed to be Benjiman Hornigold?
So now that it's released does anyone who owns this set know if it includes the DLC that comes with each character?
Does this 3-pack include the bonus DLCs (special sails) that the individual pirate figures come with?
My son is the size of a 3 year old his mega blocks jeep seems too short for him. Would this be a good fit? He is already 36" tall.
How do you install this thing? It came with two steel rods without any groove. The instructions just says hit it hard with hammer after inserting the
Can this be used on a carpet or is it too hard to push off? The carpet is pretty low.
age
Is it easy for a toddler to steer this? The wheels look like they only go straight.
Is this Orange #3 Sandtrooper (w/ orange shoulder guard) or Blue #1 Sandtrooper (w/ black shoulder guard)?
I see two different Sandtroopers available. Is the only difference between the two the color of the shoulder guard? Or is there another?
Is the paint job as awful as it looks in the picture? Are the biceps and arms melted? This looks like a knock off.
Is the fugures packaging mint?
Amazon seems to be getting the other three 6" black series figures. Will they be getting this one to sell?
Is this figure supposed to come with a stand? I just took receipt of one and there was no stand included. Figure won't stand up without one.
will the price be lowered when wave 4 comes out?
does it have holsters for the guns
Does it come in the box?
Is the figure made of solid plastic, or does it have a hollow interior?
Is Boba Fett's helmet removable?
Does this item come in it's Black Series Box? or loose?
Is she FULLY anatomically correct?
what is that pick case
Is she scented vinyl? If so, what does she smell like?
Is this doll anatomically correct
Is the face going to be the same as the photo or will it be different? I don't mind if the baby's face is different if it's not a sad face
Can the pacifier stay in the mouth without holding it yourself?
What size baby clothes does this doll wear?
does model #18780 La Newborn Layette doll have a WEIGHTED cloth body? I'm reading conflicting descriptions.
Does the doll's head move from side to side? Can the doll be swaddled?
Does she have hair
Can the arms and legs bend at the elbows and knees?
Does the hat come off and if so does he have a full head of hair?
does the doll's eyes close?
Is the doll weighted
what size diapers does he wear
does this doll come in african
It says 15" doll but the dimensions say 13x11x7, what's the length of this doll?
Will this doll stay in a seated position by itself?
Does the outfit come off?
can this baby be dressed with real babies clothing... if so what size will she wear?
does the hat come off
are the arms and legs completly plastic
is this piano good for a 5 year old
Would this item be shipped free with Amazon Prime?
is this piano good to learn on
This piano weighs 40 lbs-how stable is it-can children easily tip it over &amp; hurt themselves? What is it made of and what is the sound quality?
Does this come with the bench?
what are the dimensions of this item
IS THERE ANY LEAD IN THIS PIANO?
Does this sound like a real piano?
How many batteries does it take and what type? D batteries?
is this toy too small for a 2 1/2 yr old boy?
would the wheels scratch or damage hardwood floors?
How tall is toy (i.e. the handle)?
what is the seat height?
do the front wheels turn?
recommended age
Do the arms, legs and/or the head move?
can the figurine stand up on its own?
how tall
is he 12 inches
Hi - does shield come off his hand? My 5yo speciffically asked Santa for a Captain America with a "loose" shield as he says he cannot play properly with the one he has (according to him, it's for babies!!) Help! Thanks!
How tall is it?? 6"" or 12"?
How big is it
To those who preordered, did you receive yours?
how big is this toy
is it hard to trans form
is it hard to trans form
Why it's so big
is this the same one as the one from walmart/target and what not? Because it is by Transformer and not Hasbro unless it is one and the same?
is it good?
is this made of plastic or metal?
My 7 yr old son wants his first Beyblade. Which one should I buy? I would really appreciate some feedback on this.
we bought takara tomy beyblades but they didn't come with launchers! will these launchers work?
.
Do you stick the cartridges in each time you want to use it or can the game be loaded onto the tablet? I'm specifically curious about the Ultra.
Will this work on leap pad 2
Does this game cartridge work with Leapster 2?
will this work on a leapster leap pad
Will this work on a Leapfrog 2?
does this work on lapser 2?
I have tried 2 copies and cannot make them work with the leapster GS - has anyone made it work with a GS?
Will this work with the old leapster1's ?
OK question! I noticed all the Leappad games say internet may be required for cartridge. We dont have internet, is it a waste to get this for my kids
Does this work with leap pad 2?
The descriptions and reviews are vague. I saw one review that said it teaches shapes and weight. What else does the game target? TIA
this game work in leapster explorer
will this game work for leap pad ultra?
Does with the leap pad 3?
Does this work with LeapPad2?
will this cartridge work on my leapster 2
Does this work with leap pad ultra?
Instruction Book - Does it explain how to play the game, or just general leap pad/explorer help?
Does this work with the leapster 2?
does this work on the leap pad 1 or just the plain leap pad ... both are tablets?
does this work with leapster explorer
Does this work with leap pad 3?
Does this product work with the new Leap Pad Ultra?
As I have just purchased the Leappad 2 power learning tablet, I am still unsure that the Rescue Bots Race game will work??
why is there such a large range in price? the descriptions are all the same but the price goes from $18 to $72.
This game used to play Transformers Rescue Bots Playskool Heroes Game System Box Beam? Thank you!
Is there a way to save game progress? Every time my son plays he has to start at the beginning with the cloud that starts a forest fire.
Can you download your childs name for interaction?
Does it read for several minutes or do you have to keep pressing a button for it to continue talking?
My Scout only reads the Weather book. Any idea how to make him read the other books. Is it stuck in demo mode or something? Thanks!
Is there more books available other than the 5 it comes with
Does he work by just patting his head or kissing his cheek or prssing his paw, mine don't
can you buy the 5 books for this seperate?
Available in spanish?
Does it learn the child's name?
What type of batteries does it use?
do I need internet conection?
Can you play this with the first leapster? This one ---&gt; http://www.amazon.com/LeapFrog%C2%AE-...
I have the green Leapster- is this compatible?
does it work with the leap 2 exployer verson
This doesn't work with the LeapPad 3? It doesn't seem to be listed on it but it is compatible with all the others (1, 2, Ultra) so what gives?
Will this work on the leapreader
Does it work with Leappad Ultra?
does it work with leappad?
this game is in spanish?
is in spanish?
Is it ok for a child 1 year old?
Can Read with Me Violet be programmed to say the child's name like the regular Violet?
Can you program your child's name in this scout?
does this violet play music?
Why can't I have it shipped to Australia? please.
Are additional books available?
How smooth does the cube turn?
Can you turn the corners. By that I mean can you use your hand and turn the corners.
Which seller do you recommend to use (from the ones fulfilled by amazon) ?
Is the 4x4 version 1, 2, or 3?
do the cubes come apart and are they speed cubes
what version is the 4x4
does it come with all 4 cubes?
is it stickerless ?
Are they all tile or no
Would this 3x3x3 cube be better than a rubiks brand 3x3x3.
can you mod her with a Light,custom coupling,and a tamiya power dash motor?
is she really that fast
why is caitlin from king of the railway
does it fit the wooden railway? I mean size of wheels
is it fully motorized or the user has to pull it manually?
can you put your own cargo in the cars?
are the cargo cars removable? can more cargo cars be attached at the end?
is he faster than porter ?
why does thomas have his branchline with annie and clarbel
The Chinese text on the photo is confusing. Is this an american/english box or a chinese box of the 2014 set?
Can this be used to make a really great deck from scratch? Thanks!!!!
what is the difference between the 2013 core set and the 2014 set? My son is just getting started.
Hey This says Japanese box in the description? Is it Japanese or English box?
Hi! Sorry my english. Can you use UPS service for this item to send it to Argentina? Ty!!!
how many card in each pack?
How many boxes do you have in Stock?
ship austrlaia
There are no pre-order button... When u will ship my order? I wanna know or i wanna my money back...
how can you ship this before its even been released?
what is the run time and charging time?
What is the frequency and can more than one boat run on the frequency?
I would like to run this out of the water for testing purposes. What do I short the external contacts to achieve this ?
Is the battery lipo?
The charges is for 110/220 Volts or just 110v?
how fast does go
The review from Charlene said that it was 2 boats for $50 is that true?
What size is this boat
can the battery be upgraded to a higher amp hour to increase run time an performance? what battery??
What is the range on this boat 100 ft or farther?
Will this have everything I need to make a Deoxys build? I'm new to the game.
Is it in english?
How much cards does it have
Is it very good that you will buy it again?
Is the booster box sealed just like in the picture? Or will you be sending the 36 individual packs?
Hello, is this made of plastic or metal? Thank You
Are these 1:55 scale? Do they match the size scaling of the diecast planes sold individually or are they smaller?
This type of plane can be used with the yorkie aircraft carrier?
What are the dimensions of the plane and what is the recommended age group?
Is the Pitty (Dottie), the forklift, a die cast (metal) or plastic?
Is the plane plastic or metal?
Are these 1:55 scale? Do they match the size scaling of the diecast planes sold individually or are they smaller?
What are the dimensions?
How wide is the ifloat? The length is listed but not the width.
Can this float support children standing up and jumping off into the water?
How does this roll and store? Bungies, rope? How tight can it roll/compress when stored?
Could this be used in the middle of the river and then rolled and transported back to the docks with the boat?
Two questions. Actual weight vs. listed shipping weight? Why the variance, and does it come with a carry bag or case?
Can this float support children standing up and jumping off into the water? About how many ten year olds could it accommodate at one time?
how much does it weigh
how small does this fold or roll up? how do you store it off-season?
How is this stored? During summer by the lake and in winter?
does this doll come with a stand
does her legs move???
Do Barbie's elbows and arms move? Thank you
Is the hair the more realistic kind?
What label is this doll, for example is it a PINK, GOLD, SILVER, etc...label?
I'm wondering how many come in the package... is it 80 sets of 4-pack lights, or 80 total finger lights?
did these come with batteries?
Is there an on/off switch????
do the finger lights blink or is it a steady beam of light
total of 80 and 20 for each color?
I ordered these finger lights from another company and none of them worked. I hesitate to buy them again but it seems that these reviews are better?
What is overall size of the finger light?
In a set of 80 do you get 20 of each color?
How long is the lights expectancy? Are they a one time use or do they last for a long period of time?
Is there an on/off switch or do they have to be placed on the fingers to depress some button that has to be continuously depressed for them to work?
Hi guys, this figure is 2'11'' tall, right? coz on Amazon there's another sell it on $220, i wonder is there any differences between these two.
Is this the TAKARA version? with silver glossy face and 2 canons?
Hey guys! How long did it took before you got your order (standard shipping)? How's the packaging from the seller?
Does this version has floppy Knee and hip joints like the hasbro version???. On the hasbro if you hold him in the air laying down his legs drop down!
this version come with scamper also?
Just to confirm, this is the Japanese Takara version right? The picture that is provided is the Hasbro version as the Takara version colors are diff.
do I need to purchase anything else to go along with this item to make the cars?
Can use any crayons? Can i use molds in oven or microwave instead of buying the melt and mold? I cant find candy car molds to do this with.
do you use this with the melt n mold factory
How big are the cars when they are finished?
does this work with the Crayola crayon maker
Do these molds also fit on The Crayon Factory? Or is this the Melt N Mold exculsive?
Will this fit in a stocking?
Can these marker be used with the airbrush kit?
Do they only have the 3colors
I only bought this marker maker refill pack. Can I use without the marker maker?
Can you use this with the wacky tips marker makers?
does this stuff come out of carpets or off tile if it's spilled
Can I just purchase the Crayola Marker Maker Refill Pack, or do I need something else to make the refill pack work?
Would this be appropriate for a 10 year old?
Would this be an appropriate gift for a child turning 4 years old who likes to draw?
This product is 150 kinds of products, including crayons Battle.net? Or are you going to sell only pure case?
Is this okay for. 3 year old
Can I purchase extra pads of the same size paper?
What material is the case? Wood? Plastic? Thanks,
Does this come with scissors? The picture on top does not have them in it but the one in the description does.
gift wrap?
Has it been safety tested?
Can you fit crayons in the marker slots and other slots?
Amazed how the price more then doubled in a couple of days!!! Rip off. But seems to be a hit toy for Xmas. Bought at Walmart for 19.97-is it that bad?
what age group
can this be used as a tracing table too?
how many crayons come with this?
Can this be used with Crayola dry erase markers?
what size batteries does it use?
Would a 7 year old enjoy this?
AM i the only one having issues with the ferris wheel? mine doesnt do a full rotation without the "seats" hitting the plastic on the bottom
Will this digi tools paint pack work on the kindle fire HD 8.9" ? It run by android
will this work on a samsung tablet??
Does this work on an ipad 2?
I have 2 children - can I use one pack for 2 ipad minis?
Can a 5 year old use this?
Will this work on samsung galaxy tab 2 7.0 or samsung note 10.1 n8013 or samsung galaxy tab3 kids edition?
Will this work on the samsung galaxy tab2. 7.0 or the samsung note 10.1 n8013 or samsung galaxy tab 3 kids edition?
would this be able to work for the iPad mini?
Does this work on a computer also, or only an ipad?
Does any water get on you when you get hit
What is the ammo actually made of?
How do you get refills for the gun?
is the gun durable
Can you use regular dry erase markers?
What age group is appropriate?
Does this have an optional a/c cord you can buy like some of the others?
What kind of markers come with it? Gave as a gift to grandchild and there is complaint of marker being way to 'light' and barely visible on the dome.
What age group?
does this use batteries
I'm a little confused, does it actually have a heating element in it or is the only way to heat it by adding warm water?
how do u get ride of the obeez when your done
how big is this toy?
can you feel the vibration without the orbeez inside.. we got one and it didnt do anything once button pushed but it was empty please advise thanks
Can you put more than 5 packets in
How do you keep the OrbeezSpa &amp; beads sanitary?
What age would this be for - would someone wearing a mens size 9 shoe be able to use this or it is really a toy? Thanks
Would you prefer the luxury spa or soothing spa, and why?
how much is shipping
Have the marker issues been resolved in the deliveries of mats for Christmas, I am interested in purchasing 3?
Do the markers really not show up?
The markers do they work???
My markers dried out. Can I order just the markers?
Does anybody know how to refill the color eraser? Mine has no water in it, and I can't figure out how to refill!
what is the appropriate age range for this?
Can Crayola comment on the marker, What is the name of the replacement marker they send, I will order it along with the mat.
Has the pale marker issue been resolved for this date purchase?
Since the markers are the problem, will dry erase markers work?
Are you able to use the Crayola Washable markers with this?
Can you order replacements for the markers easily?
What's the most effective way to clean this product?
Do these markers write on everything (including walls) or just on the screen? Thanks!
What age range is best for this Crayola Widescreen Light Designer?
Can you use any washable marker or only gel fx marker? I noticed on the site for they suggested other types of markers as a combo purchase
How large is the "widescreen"? Dimensions please!
Can this board light up for a night?
do the markers have replacement ones where can i buy them
can you use regular markers
Is there a plug in for an AC adapter or is it battery operated only? Thanks!
ages recomendation
appropriate age level
can you use other gel markers on the panel?
How big is the actual window? Looking at the print outs on Crayola.com, it looks like it is about half of an 8.5 x 11 sheet of paper. Is that right?
What type of replacement markers work? Dry erase?
does it come with both weapons? what makes it different from the american?
Is he the same one in Amazone Prime? Why is the price so different?
doe this come in the box or loose figure only?
Does he send a photo of the Power Ranger inside the original box?
what does it come with? Is the package in English?
How tall is it
is this the japanese release or the american release?
What are the dimensions?
Can this esc also provide power to the reciever? How does it connect?thanks!
Would this work to power two 130 size motors in parallel?
Will it handle a 7.2V battery?
can use its on rc car duratrax evader,thanks
can it handle 20 turn?
Can it handle dual motors?
it works with a 380 brushed motor?
Does this only work with brushed motors?
what turn motors can it handle?
What are the dimensions?
Can this esc also provide power to the reciever? How does it connect?thanks!
Would this work to power two 130 size motors in parallel?
Will it handle a 7.2V battery?
can use its on rc car duratrax evader,thanks
can it handle 20 turn?
Can it handle dual motors?
it works with a 380 brushed motor?
Does this only work with brushed motors?
what turn motors can it handle?
mode1? or mode2?
how long of flight time
is it 4ch
Measurements; wing span? Weight?
esta listo para volar ,incluye transmisor This ready to fly brings transmitters included
Is it indoor only? Or can it be flown outdoors?
is it foam?
how to charge this battery?
Is it for beginners?
Is this compatible with spektrum dx6i transmitter?
how long is it?
I'm new to r/c planes. Does this come with a controller? If not, can you recommend a good one for a beginner?
What is the highest wind speed it is safe to fly this plane in?
Is this compatible with the tactic anylink
All I have is a DX5e, does this come with the/a receiver I can bind with? And/or will I need anything else?
Have anyone use Spektrun DX6 (NOT DX6i) with this plane ? did that work ?
Spektrum 6 Channel DX6i Transmitter Only will this control work for this plane or do I need a different one?
I bought the ultra micro F4u corsair. It got destroyed... I still have the "Nintendo 64" controller can I use it on this mustang with the AS3X?
If I'm flying over cut grass, am I better off w/ gear removed? Ok, well maybe "crashing on" is more accurate than "flying over", but you get the idea
What's the difference between two bladed props and four bladed props?
have seen some bad reviews about resealed booster. so which seller do you recommend to buy from?
does it even come with secret rares?
how many packs are there exactly because it doesn't really tell u...
will these sleeves fit in a deck box
would these sleeves fit in a deck box
Are these anti-glare? Or non-glare? Or non-reflective? Just wondering.
The description says "10 Packs/Lot 80 Sleeves/Pack Contains 10 packs of 80 deck protectors." If that math is right, this is total of 800 sleeves?
are these card covers free of lead, cadmium and other heavy metals? Are they PVC-free? Are they phthalate free? What is the embossing process?
do you have these HYPER MAT sleeves available in blue?
will a yugioh cards fit in this sleeve
Is this toy very sturdy?
What are the dimensions of this truck
Would this toy be appropriate for a 6 year old birthday gift?
Where is the Little Tikes Dirt Diggers 2-in-1 Dump Truck manufactured?
What MHz?
Do the headlights work?
Can you change the MHz
where's it made?
Got a Ferrari Testarossa with remote control, but can't figure out how to replace the batteries in the car. Where is the opening for a battery box?
where can you get the nine volt battery?
I need a new control for my Ferrari. Is it available?
how fast does it go?
I was wondering the size of this toy-car. It sais size: 9 ". Is it 9 Inches (22.9 cm) ? Thank you very much.
I want to purchase two of these for my nephews. Do they come in different colors and remote frequencies?
Is the batery charger bi voltage 110/220 volts?
Is the battery charger included
I need someone who has purchased this vehicle from here to answer me this, please. Does this car comes with the long antenna? (from the car)
Are any additional items required or is it ready to run out of the box
can it handel 3s lipos or is it only 2s lipos
can i use two pairs of bateries with these car
The car not have low voltage detection (LVD) that I care when using lipo batteries?
which battery I use to have an autonomy of one hour on average or combination is best to usarpara to have greater autonomy. thank you very much
whats the dif 380 and the 550
Does it come with tag
Dose it have a code
does it have an secret code
Does this set include batteries? and which type of batteries?
Can you turn off Dora's voice?
Is is appropriate for a 3 year old?
What tools are required to put this toy together?
what's the age range?
Does the puppy complete the abc.. ..? Mine stops at rs . And samething happens with other songs as well. They all stop midway.
Hi! Does the puppy include nursery rhymes or only stories?
this includes the spanish language ?
can this be washed ?
Does this tody speak spanish
Hello, is this toy english only or does it have a spanish language option?
I wonder if you have to speak Spanish?
I want to know if the fisher price dogs puppet learning and laugh Speak Spanish
age
Where is the tab that takes Minnie out of demo mode? I don't see it anywhere.
The Minnie Mouse that I bought for my granddaughter for Christmas has a humming sound on the demo. Is that normal?
Would a five year old like this toy?
cheering Minnie has batteries and I turned it to on but Minnie still won't cheer?
My Minnie only says 1 phrase and half of the hey mickey song, is it defective or does it have a mode switch?
good night! anyone can tell me that measures have the shipping box minnie (height, length and width)? and how much you weigh?
Hello, Minnie doll can speak Spanish in Latin? since I am buying from Venezuela, greetings.
can program in idiom spanish ?
if I buy it I can send to the Spanish language
speaking in English or Spanish
What is the age for the Thomas the train all around sodor?
If Thomas is on, will the train/wheels stop automatically after a period of time or will it keep running until the batteries wear out?
what age group
Are there other engines that you can buy that would also work on this set?
How man and what kind of batteries.
how many pieces in this set?
Is there a replacement train for this track? My son submerged his Thomas in H2O Now won't work. :(
can I buy other pieces for this set
got 2 of those and train doesn't work in both, replaced batteries, still doesn't work. any suggestions?
Is there another train I can get and add on to this set for my grandson? I would like to add on Thomas friends but will any of them fit on this track?
can a 40 inch child can use this?
can this ride on grass??? we don't have sidewalks but we have a large grassy lot
Is this car large enough for a 6 year old boy? Height 42 inches tall. Is it an appropriate gift for a 6 year old or to young?
does this have a parental remote?
Is this 2 wheels drive? I bought a 6v before that was only 1 wheel drive. Want to make sure no more 1 wheel drive.
Are there doors that open for kids to get in? Or do they have to climb in?
where can you get replacement wheels?
Does it have a horn?
What are the dimensions of the tiles?
are these full size tiles?
Are the tiles white or cream?
Anyone had to wash the carrier? Ours got soaked by coffee. Except for stain it's fine but I'm afraid ti wash it.
Is it possible to buy replacement tiles for this set?
are the pushers sturdy?
Are chips included with the set?
Hand stamped tiles?
Are the smaller bags for the racks and pushers? Does everything, tiles, racks and pushers fit into the bag?
What color are the tiles?
Can you please put the measurements of the tiles in inches. Are they the standard 1 1/8" height, 7/8 "width, 1/2" depth?
Some reviews state not166 tiles, no dice, no extra blanks, pushers, etc. So what all is in this set? Seller, please answer. Thank you
does this set come with pushers
What is the chain length?
How big is box? I'm planning on buying just wondering how big it is thanks =]
how durable is it? i've been looking for one and i keep seeing reviews of some of these being cheap and breaking after wearing it a few times
how many pages does this have?
need it by oct 25 -- will I receive it by then?
Is there a different design on each page or is it the same?
Do the pages have lines OR are they plain pages?
What color are the pages? White?
what do the inside pages look like? Are they plain white or have pictures on them?
What are the dimensions of this book?
How many pages does this book have?
Is there pages to insert pictures (sleeves)?
Does this hold a Leappad Ultra?
Can this backpack work with the Leapreader (formerly TAG) pen system &amp; if so how many books will it hold?
will this fit the leap pad 3?
How many slots are their for the the cartridges
excuse me ,could you tell me where the pack is made from?
will this fit leapfrog ultra tablet, which is larger than the leappad 1 and 2
does it fit the leapster explorer?
Will this hold more than the game system and 6 cartridges. Like will it hold the cartridge case or headphones too?
This play set does not work, we change the batteries and still not working.
My daughters horse worked for a few moments then completely stopped. I ve tried to sync them up and nothing is working. Am I doing something wrong?
Does the battery compartment (the button batteries) on the doll have a screwdriver closure??
does it stay standing up. douse work. what batteries dous it take
What kind of batteries does it take?
Are batteries included in Barbie and the horse?
Is the horse durable? My 8 year old wants this, but I am afraid the 3 year old sister will break it...
The horse comes with the doll?
Can I buy the boots separate? My granddaughter lost hers.
What type of batteries are needed and how many?
do you have to have a special Barbie to wear the dress
Does it come in its original box?
is the doll good quality
Would this be good for a kindergartener? (5-6 year old)
is this the doll and dress?
How is this different from the $85 digital doll shown?
Is this doll appropriate for a 7-year old?
age appropriate?
Is this a complete package or do you have to order the amulet separately?
I bought this for my daughter and it seems to only talk to MIA. when she holds up clover and Robin, she doesnt speak to them. How can i fix this?
is this good for a 6 year old?
what kind of batteries
how tall is this doll?
Is Sophia appropriate for a 3 year old?
Can you brush the doll's hair?
The doll comes in Latino or Spanish language?
I purchased this a few days ago and just delivered to my home in Hong Kong. However, my iPad air cannot detect the console by blue tooth.
Does this work with ipad mini
Do you have to have wifi for this to work?
Do you need to have WiFi for it to work with an iPad mini?
I have two i pads one is I think a third generation and the other is a i pad air. Neither of them fit into the mirror part. They are both too big. I see reviews that say it isn't designed for the mini. Do any of them fit into the mirror part? Can it be...
what kind of ipad dose it take like ipad3,2,1
what kind of ipad dose it take like ipad3,2,1
Does this work with any tablet?
Will this work with the kindle fire hd6
dose it support ipad mini ??
I don't see the Proto Shotz wax sticks offered for sale on Amazon. Is it hard to find the refills?
Can you turn the sound off?
Anyone know where to buy sticker refill packs?
what is the age range for this toy
Child Put half mold in now door will not unlock.
Will the cars mark on walls (if the molded part is used as a writing device by a younger child for example)? since colored wax is like crayons right.
How long does it take to make one car from start to completion?
What year was the item manufactured
Is there a way to fix a car that cracks when you're trying to take it out of the mold?
I was wondering what age group this was for?
Will it work on carpet?
does it need batteries if so what size?
Greetings, Friend will have to elnguaje in Spanish. ???
Is there any way to buy a replacement controller? My son bought this from a children's consignment shop with his own money and it only came with one
Can you buy replacement remotes?
why can't it fly ?
what size battery does it need
Can two of these planes be used at the same time? Are they all the same frequency? Will they conflict with each other? (I've only seen 27mHz in stores.)
WOW!!!! This is crazily priced here on Amazon!!! Toys r Us has it on sale right now from $39.99 to $33.99.
is this a regular pinata that I can stuff with candy or do I have to do something with it
what size is the pinata
Is this a typical pinata I can fill with candy and hit with a bat to break it open?
What needs to be done to fold the stroller? Step by step please. Thanks in advance
Will this pram easily fit 2 dolls (2 AG Bitty Babies)? My daughter is asking for a double stroller but it seems too bulky!
Will this stroller be tall enough for a little girl who's over 42"?
I have a tall 6 year old granddaughter will this be tall enough for her?
Does the basket turn in to a seat ?
Can this stroller be foldable?
Does the bassinet part come off for a child to be able to carry?
Is this stroller to small for a 5 year old?
would it be for a 4 year old
How do you fold it? Can't seem to figure it out
Do the wheels actually turn with the movement of the steering wheel so the child can steer the Jeep?
Do the wheels scratch hardwood floor? Thank you!
My nephew's parents wish for their 2 yr old kid is an educational toy. Can this be considered an educational toy? Or are the blocks too few?
Is this still a good toy to give to a kid who is turning 3 in 6 months? Or will he only be able to use it for a short while?
does it tip when walked behind
Thank you for your attention, I wonder if the toy comes assembled from the factory or parts are putting on to get to your destination?. Thank you.
This product is dispatched armed?
Are the wheels covered with rubber? Will it be appropriate as a walker on a hardwood floor, or it's too fast?
Does the steering wheel move the front tires?
hello, please I can confirm the weight of the product in the detail says 7.6 pounds which is equivalent to 3.45 kg, that would be the total weight of
What is recommended age?
How high is the seat off the floor. My grandson is 2 and is tall. Am concerned his legs will be too long to ride it well.
I also would like to know how is can be used as a walker before I purchase this. I would much rather buy the older model but can not find it anywhere.
Are these blocks interchangeable with Legos
Are these really MEGA (big) blocks or just little blocks like legos? The term MEGA is no misleading.
What ages is this for?
what age is this toy good for
The DVD won't play in anything, not a DVD or BluRay player. I also can't find apps that interact with this. Any suggestions?
When the suggested retail is $29.99, why is this one so expensive? Does it come with other things?
What apps work with this toy?
Will it work with the dx6i
Does this come with 2 LiPo batteries or just 1?
What comes in the PACKAGE?
Hi is it a mode 1 or mode 2 transmitter?
Is this a good starter 6 channel helicopter ? I'm wanting to step up to something more challenging.
What is the advantage-what is so great about a "FLYBARLESS" heli? What does a flybarless do that one with a balance bar cannot? Which is Better heli?
can anyone tell me exactly what brand/name of a screwdriver (phillips) that will work on the main shaft and servo holder?
ok ... I bought it ... the tail rotor wont spin unless i use right stick to make it turn. anybody know where to get answers for this?
does this package include the instruction cd and does it have a usb for the transmitter so i can use it on a simulator?
Can the inverted flight mode be turned off?
How wide are they? I need to be able to drop them down into 20-oz soda bottles.
Do they really come assorted?
Do the assorted colors come in even amounts? How many of each color are there?
I want to buy this assorted pack as well as the white glowstick pack... will they combine it so I would only be paying for shipping once?
How long do they stay lite?
Do they come individually wrapped? Thanks!
Can they be thrown in a pool, bathtub, etc? Are they waterproof?
do they come with strings to make them into necklaces
I have never used these before. What you do to make them light up?
Do these have necklace strings in the packs too - or just the glow stick?
It is only the Super parts? or does it includes the VF-27 transformable toy as well?
Do you ship this product in Italy ?
Is it DX chougoukin GE-61?
Will these pre-orders come with the bonus faces?
What's the difference between this one and http://www.amazon.com/Bandai-Tamashii... ?
The arm on my stand broke, is there a place to get a replacement arm?
What's the size of this figure? In Inches?
Is this and the July 2014 release the "anime color" version? (Compared to the original 2013 release?)
As of 2015, have people lucked out with the First Edition bonus faces? Or is it just the regular 4 faces like the July 2014 $37 version?
Is this the first edition? how many faces does resale edition include? 3 or 5
Does this figure have the toei stickers on the box?
Why does it say it is imported from Taiwan? The others say Imported from Japan.
If I purchased this one, is it a 1st edition? I would really like to have the extra faces if at all possible. Thanks in advance. ^_^
What is the length of the necklace?
what ring size is the ring? thus I am wondering if wearing the ring is yet an option.
Do you have to spin the black part or does it go by itself?
Does it spin?
which ring do you receive, the top or bottom?
what size is the ring?
how many rings does it bring?
What size is the ring?
What is written on the top ring?
How tall is this item?
Hi , do you have a picture of the box?
Does it come in its original package
hello, is this jp ver? with silver toei sticker?
this item include the cloth and Shyriu figure in the box?
how heavy is the item?
Hi, would you ship to GUAYAQUIL, ECUADOR?
How's the accuracy with these things? I have a modded Strongarm, and my elites are going all over the place.
Do these darts work in the Nerf Recon CS 6 gun?
Do these fit N-Strike Maverick Item # 38554?
Do these fit in all/any nerf products?
Do these work in the Nerf N-Strike Elite Rampage which uses the drum?
how big is this? what "scale" is it?
Does it open up? Do the 3.75" Action figures fit inside?
Does it come with the white mailer box in addition the the regular box?
What does the back view of this item look like, i.e. does it have the older battery back or the newer realistic engine back?
Do the invidual Predacons transform into robots, or are they simply stuck in their beast mode?
So how would you guys rate the figures? Are they sturdy enough to have a child play with them or fragile that they should just not be touched? I
I need to ask whether this is a KO set? I already have a predaking KO set all plastic &amp; not quite happy with it.
does each of them change from robot to beast
does it come with instructions
Is this from Power Rangers?
How tall is it when combined and what size class are the individual predacons?
Is this toy going to be shipped in corrugated boxes with air-filled packing pillows now?
Do all of the Predacons have die cast metal? Or are they are all plastic?
Do they come with each weapon for all five robots?
What size dudes does this fit? i see there are 3.75 in. and 6 in
so can a 3.75 figure fit in this? and is this a good item to get
Has Amazon corrected the shipping/packing issues to ensure the packaging is not damaged for this item? Thanks!
why was this item only $34.99 2 days ago and then all of a sudden it went to $119.99??
Does the cockpit hatch stay closed well? Every review video I've seen for this vehicle looks as though the hatch bounces up and down while being held.
Is this going to be available again from amazon and not resellers?
Is this priced at 69.99$ for a limited amount of time? And, is the box included with purchase?
Does it have cargo bay that opens, or is the cockpit the only thing that opens?
Hi, can this be shipped to Australia?
Have they fixed the issue with the wings? Are there still reports of either 2 left wings or 2 right wings?
Did the canopy have any wrinkles from the packaging that needed to be steamed out, etc. or did it hang nicely right out of the box?
In the Hearthsong catalog, it mentions this item transforms a four poster into a canopy bed. Does this require you to have a four poster bed to work?
i'm redoing my daughter's bedroom and i want to surprise her with a canopy. this looks really amazing but she has a full sized bed. will it be too long
do you sell that lights that are not so bright or can you swap them out for duller ones? is there a special age group the this bed accomidates?
My daughter has a canopy bed but wants a full cover will this work?
Are the lights built in or do I have to attach them?
will a queen size maybe fit my king bed? or do you have king sizes?
Do you hang this from the ceiling?
Do you hang this from the ceiling?
is this price for 1 bug?
The picture shows multiple bugs. How many bugs come per order?
Are these the climbing bugs (V2) or just the version 1? I realize only one comes in a package.
Picture of several bugs is very deceiving. They should say one bug per pkg.
Are these waterproof?
what type of hex bug do you get ?
Are these bugs noise?
Does anyone know if this will work on carpets?
is it cool
Can you take the fight outside of the wresting ring area into the stands?
The game worked at the beginning, then I had to update my xbox for xbox and the game is unrecognized disk. please help other games work fine.
Is Cincara on 2k14 or 15?
can you compete in online battle royals
Does this have online VS? Also, can you do 4 player online matches?
how many gb do you need to play this game
is there a multi-player mode?
Should I buy WWE 2K14 or WWE 2K15 for the Xbox 360?
The game worked at the beginning, then I had to update my xbox for xbox and the game is unrecognized disk. please help other games work fine
The Lego galaxy squad galactic Titan what age group is it for
What age group is it for
What age group is it for
Does the dragons mouth open and close?
Do the wings stay on the dragon pretty well or do they fall easily?
Why is this item label as AmazonGlobal Eligible but unable to ship to singapore?
Is there something different about this set compared to the one available from the manufacturer for $50?
package
Can the battery be replaced for the brick light? And how does one go about it?
Is this compatible with Laser Pegs?
How does the garage door open and close?
I am looking for something other than princesses and such for a niece, who is 9, an excellent reader for her age and very active. How is this item?
Are the bags numberd
i just ordered this for 125 dollars on amazon and the local toys r us has for 69.99 (and in stock) how can this be? i'm returning this.
Does this have a working, moving crane? Does it also have an attached dock to the lighthouse?
do you do international shipping?
Is there something different about this set compared to the one available from the manufacturer for $80?
who built it
Does it float really
do you walls go all the way around or does it leave an open space?
Hi Amazon, im trying to buy this item and it says that it does ship to my address in Australia but it does not when i go to check out, any reason why
Does this REALLY need a baseplate? I mean, after spending a lot of money on this, I then have to shell out another $15 for a base to build it on?
Why doeseverything fall apart? My son got very angry. He said it was a terrible design. I agree
Would a 10" x 10" base plate be adequate or would it need the 15" x 15"?
Is there something different about this set compared to the one available from the manufacturer for $100?
Is this the final version ?... I'm asking because there are a lot of reviews of the pre-production version
Does anyone know what kind of batteries does this take?
How tall is it?
Do the arrows actually stick to the target or do the arrows fall to the ground once you hit the target? Thanks for your help.
is this for a nerf blaster?
does this target work well with zing air storm fire tek bow
Does it come with any darts? Is it the deer or circle target version?
My kids have the Nxt generation compound bow with suction cup arrows. Would theses stick to it instead of my living room window?
does this need a bow or can you just throw arrows at it?
Does this need to be hung up or does it have a stand?
Does this book teach letters, shapes, colors, or numbers? Or what are the main categories of words?
Does this have a headphone jack? I'm trying to find toys for a flight.
does it take any batteries
is bilingual?
would toy with songs in Spanish
How durable are the pages? My daughter is really rough on books and I'd hate for her to destroy this.
also the book said all words in Spanish?
What are the recommended ages for this toy?
My display seems really dark. Are there bright/dim settings?
Hello. this tablet is in English language.? I need it in Spanish?
Are the keys raised on this or are they flat with just the sticker overlay?
How big is the screen? It looks small.
lenguage only english??
What does it take for batteries?
are the games and learning activities of the toy in English or does it work in Spanish also?
Does this pink version come with lowercase letters like shown in the picture?
What is recommended age?
What are the 15 songs?
Hi, i was wondering if the VTech Kidi Karaoke Toy plays 15 "Full Songs" or does it just play the little short clips of the songs. Thank you.
what age group is appropriate
can i just sing without playing song on memmry
you can switch to Spanish language?
Can you talk on this without having a song going? or is the voice only activated while a song is playing
What are the songs?
Can you play CDs and sing along?
how many batteries?
How is the material of plastic? Will it hurt a one year old if he close it on his fingers?
The box says it has 25 melodies and phrases but I've read in some descriptions that it has 100 plus. Which is it 25 or 100??
Does it have an off switch / button?
Does it come with original packing?
Does it open like a suitcase ?
What are the dimensions
Age appropriate for this toy.
Hi, is this product come with an spanish function?
Is this camera water proof / water resistant?
is there a hand strap on item
Does it have a usb cable?
How is the battery life on the camera? How often does it need to be charged or have its batteries changed?
where does the wrist strap go?
How long did it last you before the camera broke?
Will this camera allow the children to take self portraits/pictures of themselves?
Does any know why the camera keeps saying programme version incorrect and then turned off?
Can they take pictures using the screen or only by looking into the viewfinder?
Does it have a flash?
Can this work with abcmouse.com?
What is included
Can you turn off the WiFi?
Can you download digital movies onto this tablet?
Does anyone know what type of warranty, if any, is available for the InnoTab?
Can Skype be used on this tablet?
WHAT IS THE LANGUAGE?
i can play videos youtube or avi or mp4?
1) can i set the spanish language in this tablet, the games can be setting in spanish? 2) the rechargable Batt and are AC's conection are included?
can you add music to this?
What size batteries are needed?
Is it made in USA or China?
Is it made in USA or China?
How tall is it?
does this camera have a auto off to save on batteries?
What is the differnce between the Vtech Kidizoom FFP blue vs the same in Pink?
Can you see the pic on the screen before you snap the picture or do you have to look through the view finder to see what you r taking a pic of? Thanks
What is the age recommendation?
Does this camera have a flash
Is there a screw thread on the bottom of this camera for a tripod?
How do you attach the wrist strap? It looks like there are little bits on the sides for that, but you can't actually put the loop through them.
Is this waterproof (or at least water-resistant)? Thank you!
Do you need a screwdriver to change the batteries on this camera? (Would like to take on vacation.)
what kind of battery does it take?
Will this only hold an ipad, what about an ipad mini that is 7.9"?
I have a 16 month old and we just got the iPad air for Xmas. Is it compatible with this I table?
I have a 16 month old and we just got the iPad air for Xmas. Is it compatible with this I table?
I have a 16 month old and we just got the iPad air for Xmas. Is it compatible with this Ihis table?
can a Kindle fire HD be used??
hi. i just ordered this for my 20 month old..is this toy fitting for his age? reading the reviews it now seems to me like its for younger kids. help
Do the legs come off easily for floor play?
I have an Asus tablet not IPAD which is Android OS. Will the apps work?
Can baby pull himself up to stand with this? Is it stable?
Does this require an Ipad/Iphone or can any tablet be used? I saw a review on Target that mentioned using a "cheap Android tablet" so I was curious
does this includes a charger?
What size is the screen? Does it come with batteries and charger?
Does this come with a built-in kickstand on the back? Prior InnoTabs had kickstands in back to prop the InnoTab up while watching movies, etc.
what age is this good for?
have the option to change the Spanish language?
Can a third party purchase games and apps and get them loaded to the grand child's tablet that has been registered by a parent in another state?
does it come with games included?
Can you adjust the screen touch ?
Can you use net flicks, or you tube on this tablet? my 4 yr old loves net flicks
How to reset to change the language from Spanish to English
what is the age range for this?
Can the games and video's I bought and downloaded for the InnoTab 2 be transferred to the InnoTab 3?
Doz any game work on innotab 3
I bought the Innotab 3 and cannot download anything for it! Nothing is showing up in my cart. Is anyone else having this trouble?
can a 2 year old use this?
I will need to buy the charger separately??
Do you have to have a computer ans wifi to use this?
My sons innovoTab 3 isn't working when i press power button he starts to come on but just closes what is wrong with this thing anyone know plz helo?
WHAT IS THE LANGUAGE?
my unit quit working, anyone experience the same?
hi, If u have two innotabs, is it possible to use this software for both?
do you have to buy those cartridge games can you just get them off the innotab? do it already come with a lot of games
does this game play on a innotab 3s
will this game wurk with innotab 2s
Will this game work with Innotab 3S?
does this game play on innotab2 game system
Do you think this is geared more for older say 12+ months than the 6 months that it says? Seems like most reviews are for older kids than 6 months
Can this support the weight of a 30 pound little climber? Or will it fall over?
Would this entertain both a 1 year old and a 2 year old? We have these ages of grandkids.
How much weight have this toy? Together with its box, I can not understand, 12.4 pounds or 2.1 pounds?
What are the dimensions of the packaging box?
It is fairly sturdy? As my baby starts to pull himself up to a standing position will he tip it over or pull it over on top of himself?
What is the age for this toy?
Why s this double the price of the blue one? And why does the price change every few hours? I wish it would how long sales last.
Between this toy and the My Pal Violet, which would be the better option?
What's the Guarantee on this toy? got it as a present. Set Cody up last weekend and it already broke.
How do you reset the name or erase the name that she says?
Can it say any name? Or is it a list of names you have to choose from? And if so, is that list available online?
Does it have a warranty?
is it possible to set it up in spanish?
what kind of batteries are used in Jagger
What is age appropiate for this
What is the recommended age?
what age group is this for?
Does Jagger change into a snow plow?
The picture of the box shows that as a "Bonus" it comes with Akuna the Velociraptor, though this is not mentioned in the description or reviews. ??
I know you can give jagger"commands" but I want to know phrases he "says" on his own, or in reponse to commands."Sliver" says violent, scary things
Does it require batteries?
I have read reviews on other dinos and many have said the commands are a bit aggressive and violent. Can someone comment about the phrases for Jagger?
Does this walk or run on carpets or does it have to be on a flat floor.
What is the age range for this?
Can I use the adaptor instead of batteries?
What is the size and weight?
also comes in Spanish?
Does the toy play "Time for your check up" song?
Is this toy mainly for girls?
What are the dimensions?
does this come with batteries? i bought one and it doesnt turn on although amazon says batteries included.
Has anyone else had a problem with the writing fading away soon after writing? Is this common for this product or do I need to return ours?
The doll speaks Spanish
what age group is this for?
what age group shes 4 is she to old
Is this appropriate for a kindergartner 5 years-- who has difficulty writing letters ESP lower case and #s?
If the child writes the letter without the stencil, will the clipboard recognize it?
are extra cartridges available?
If this one does not have Wi-Fi, how do I go about downloading new apps? Does it hook up to a computer?
what age group is the VTech InnoTab3
Hello this tablet has language option? It has Spanish language option?
Does it come with a charget?
should i get this for my 2 yr old daughter?
What is the age group for this device?
Spanish language has
can it be plugged in to car
can this be mounted to a wall?
does this include the basketball
How bib is the back board?
so it comes with a ball or it doesn't?
does this just hang on the door you don't have to screw it to the door?
Is the ball like a standard basketball? Or more like a nerph basketball? My grandson will use this in a 2nd floor apt so nothing with hard bouncing.
Hi, Can I use this in India?
Does the xbox one only support hdmi?
How large is the Hard drive for xbox standard system?
Does this come with a controller?
does it play blue ray
How long until they fix (patch-update) the backwards compatibility to allow xbox 360 discs ?
Can you use the Kinect from Xbox 360 on the Xbox One?
I travel the world working on cruise lines. AKA no constant internet. Can I get a clear answer for offline gaming. Will all disc based games work offline?
what is smartglass
Does the Xbox one include any Kinect based game like the Xbox 360 with Kinect did (I believe it had Kinect Adventures)?
Why is it called wild? Is it different?
please, is this game packaged in a tin? and does it come with the standard size dice &amp; standard size chips? thank you!
If you roll 3 wilds, does the pot become yours or is it part of your stash to play?
is this for small dolls?
Where can you find the magic clip dolls for the sleigh?
Would this be okay on top of a 1/2 sheet cake?
what size dolls fit init?
What is the actual size of the sleigh?
Will a Barbie sized doll fit in the sleigh?
How tall is the Anna doll that comes with this? Will 6" dolls fit?
Where can you find the magic clip dolls for the sleigh?
so the Anna doll is NOT a magic clip doll?
will the barbie size frozen dolls fit on it?
Should the blocks in this set be WHITE WHITE? I just received a set and all the blocks seem more beige.
Do you ship to Switzerland?
Does this set of blocks work with standard small-size Lego blocks?
What's the suitable age range for this set ? I have an 11 year old who loves the landmark buildings sets, and Lego in general.
Does this set has instruction to any of Gaudi's constrictions? If yes, which one?
I saw many price about this logo set(159.95\173.88/...),what's different?
Are bricks in this set more the size of the bricks in the City Hall, Detective Office, Department Store packages or more like the White House &amp; Trevi
how many bags of pieces are inside?
tried buying and shipping to new zealand, but won't let me!
Does it contain enough no. of pieces and enough variety of shapes to build complicated structures?
Is this game too difficult for a 4 year old?
will this work with leapfrog ultra2 tablet
is that the cartridge?
Is this a crartridge or app to be downloaded from internet? I have explorer 2 . would it work?
Does this game work with LeapPad Ultra?
will leapPad 2 fit?
Is it worth it to buy the ultra as opposed to the Leap Frog 2 ? Is it worth double the cost ?
Does the LeapPad Ultra fit into the case with the shockproof silicone case on it?
will leappad3 fit?
does the ultra xdi fit in this case with gelskin
Will the ac charger fit in the carrying case?
Does the stylus come with the case or the actual device or it's sold separately?
does the roof move
how maney parts dose it have?
Does it come with figures
can you look inside the boat and put your hands in it
Does It come with a base plate? If so, what size and color?
Can the dolphin cruiser go in water?
I can't believe people buy this item and then jack the price for their own benefit! I know someone that woluld like to buy one for her daughter !!
does it qualify for Amaazon prime shipping?
Does it adapt to going into the water?
Do you post internationally?
Please I didn't receive instructions. Help me... please ?
what is the range
Does anyone know if you bought 2 sets if they could all talk to each other?
We got three sets of these. and we are having issues linking more then two together. any one have any advice?
Are these the Wilkie talkies built in or do you got to buy them seperate
what is the range
Are these toys or can they work practically?
How is your voice heard, having the microphone be on the neck?
Are they covered by any warranty?
Does anyone know what size balloon this uses? 9", 12", etc??
What is the size of the balloon used in this age?
What age is this appropiate for?
do regular ballons work?
What is difference in Buster Balloon and Boom Boom Balloon?
Can we please order a replacement piece for the top that holds the contraption together? My kids have already lost it....
can you order more balloons for this game?
Does anyone know what size replacement balloons does this game take? The balloon packages show actual sizes, not small, medium ror large. Thanks.
Is there any way to keep the top from constantly coming off?
Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!
could they communicate through closed doors
Are there multiple channels?
How heavy are they?
Is there a volume control on these walkie talkies?
Do these clip onto a belt or have another way to safely carry them?
It says 6+ for age but do you think a 4.5 year old could use these easily?
Weird question, are other people able join in on the frequency for the kids walkies?
Is there a belt clip on these?
is there much static with these?
is there much static with these?
is it in original package
ARE BOTH OF THESE IN BOXES
How tall is the figure itself? All that is listed are package dimensions.
Can anyone compare this to Moon Sand? Is it the same as Moon Sand?
how much should I buy a 5 year old?
age best for
Is one box going to be enough sand for a child to play with?
Can this sand be placed in an outdoor sand box that has a lid, or is it strictly for indoor use?
What are the ingredients other than sand?
Does it make a sandy mess all over the house? Is it difficult to clean up? We have carpeting...and I want to know if it will get ground into it?
Any particular reason you're charging so much? I see other places that are selling the exact same thing for $15.95.
is this any different than the sand by Brookstone?
Can you use it outside, and keep it outside too?
does this toy have the catapult part on the back?
Is there the catapult part on the back?
is this authentic plants vs zombies.
how big is it?
does each coin purse come with a laynard or just the one?
Will they hold the key to the world card on the cruise?
How well do these hold pins? do they feel scratchy when wearing them?
Can an adult wear these lanyards?
are the pouches waterproof to go on water rides with?
How wide are the lanyards?
is it actually 3 lanyards &amp; 3 purses or 1 lanyard and 3 purses?
how many purses and lanyards come with this purchase?
how many purses and lanyards come with this purchase?
can an iPhone 5s fit?
what age group
How tall are they
Does she skate on carpet?
can you take dora off the skates?
can dora skate by herself
what size batterys and how many do it takes
How do you make Dora skate?
how many batteries and what type does this require
would this set be OK for a 10-year old with help from an adult?
Is the box new and sealed?
Description states 1558 pieces but the box in the images says 1559 pieces. What's missing?
It says light blue, but it looks like the turquoise kendama. Can you tell me which one it is.
Are the mini kendamas better for children around 5 years old?
where is it coming from
How big is it?
how big is it?
is it as bright as it is in the pic?
Where is the second hole for the string? Is it between the spike and the big cup, like it is supposed to be?
Is the figure 100% authentic?
Is this a brand new set from Japan? Does your shipping come with additional box for protection?
Is this a Japanese version of P.O.P?
Is this R/C helicopter durable?
Will it blend?
Is this really $35 for a 15 card booster pack? Am I missing something?
Is the product reusable after consumption?
is this card game gluten free?
But is it durable?
Is this something that a 10 year old can follow along with?
Is buying a second starter set the only way to get extra die?
Can this be a 4 person game?
It says 2+ players, but how many can actually play using just one starter kit?
Could I combine the Star Trek Attack Wing set and the Star Wars X-Wing set and play them together?
Is this game for more than two players since it has Federation, Klingon and Romulan ships in the starter?
After getting this, what are some sound ship expansions to buy?
Is this considered the "giant" version?
how many stuffed animals can you put in here?
How large is it?
The Tummy Stuffer website says they come in 13" and 8" mini sizes. Your product description says 9"x9". I want to be sure this is not the mini size?
does this come with the free 8' tummy stuffer
Is this for the BIGGER version? please let me know, Thank you.
Why is this $40 when I can purchase it for $19.99 at Target????
Why can't I find the giant tummy stuffers?
How big is it? Is this the giant tummy stuffer?
how tall is it?
are there different size Tummy Stuffers. Is the largest Monkey Tummy Stuffer 13"
The commercial i saw for them shows that they make noise when you stuff things in them and i was wondering if it really did before i ordered it
Is this the giant tummy stuffer they show on the commercial?
Does this device have wifi?
Can you load your own music onto this? /How is it as an mp3 player?
Purchased to upgrade from original, which had a LOT of apps. New leap pad doesn't show old apps in the library. How do I get them onto the new device?
It says 9 apps are included. Are any of these apps geared to a 3-4 year old (letters, numbers, etc.)?
Does it take AA batteries?
are the cartridges from the regular leap pad 2 compatible with this leappad2 power?
Is this a wi-fi tablet? Expandable memory?
the leapfrog i have takes batteries,does this still mean u can charge it with ac adapter,i wouldnt think so and its a new one just purchased this chri
does it use touch screen?
what age group
warranty on leappad 2
why does both my kids leappad 2 keep turning off when plugged into the wall outlet?
Does this Tablet has spanish lenguagge??? And the games???
Can the LeapPad2 be setup for 2 different users?
Can games and such be downloaded to this device
I have twin girls will I need to purchase the same app twice for the two tabs or can you run one account on multiple devices like play store?
Can the leap pad 2 take the games that are marked for ultra. I just bought some games and noticed. We have an older lapser expoler and they won't work
Does this tablet play the original leap pad small green cartridges (1.5 inch by 1inch inserted at the top), as I had the original Leapd pad before
What is the difference between the Leappad 2 Kids Explorer Tablet and the Leappad 2 Power Learning Tablet?
CAN CHILDREN LEARN NUMBERS, aLPHABETS, and shapes?
is this the giant version?
Does This Toy come with the smaller Version of Character as the Commercial states?
is there a diffence in size between giant and jumbotummy stuffer
Is this the 13 or 24 inch?
do these come with multiple pockets or just one?
do these come with a book like the ones shown on tv
What size is this tummy stuffer?
Is there more than one size?
Is this this the largest stuffie you can get
how do i get a giant tummy stuffer?
do they have a zipper?
What size is this stuffy?
what is the size
What are the dimensions of the Tummy Stuffers Tan Dog Plush Toy? I am looking for the largest size.
is this the 17" Giant one?
Is this the 24" tummy stuffer?
Why is this $50 when you can get the same toy plus a mini one for $19.99 off the manufacturer's website?
Some ads show the tummy stuffer with another smaller one that comes with it. Do these come with the smaller one also
Can you clarify the size of this product? In the product details It says 9x9x9, but also says in the description it "grows up to 17 inches tall"?
How big is it?
Where do I find the giant tummy stuffer?
flyin time
Does it come with a rotor guard?
Does this version have lights?
Will it fly in light to medium winds?
Please guys who has bought it can you tell me whether it is able to lift stuff that weights like 105 grams f.e. SonyQX10 camera
Where can you get the wrench to assist in removing the propeller?
Could anybody tell me the dimension of the whole packaging?
Is this the improved version of the X4?
If I leave it on the charger overnight will it hurt the battery?
Is this the improved version of the X4 that comes with the padded feet, better rotors, and the rotor guard?
where do it get instructions for electronic battleship
Can you play by yourself against the computer or do you have to have another player to play against.
I'm a blind dad. Anyone think this would work for me? Does it register hit or miss when a peg is placed? What's difference from standard game?
Can a 6 and 1/2 year old play this game?
How does it differ from the classic game of Battleship?
Is this battery operated? How many batteries are needed?
Is this game for 1 or 2 players
Do the Melissa &amp; Doug pots and pans work with a Kidcraft kitchen?
What the age for the Melissa pots and pan my grandson is 13 month
Is the "play food" in the additional images available for purchase or is it included?
Can you hang these on the pegs of the Kidcraft Kitchen or are they too long?
Are you able to hang these on the pegs of the Kidcraft Uptown kitchen or are they too long?
anyone can compare dimension of these vs the pottery barn set. Most sets are so small, the pb is bigger but this one is so much cheaper.
Would these fit on the burners of the Kidkraft Uptown kitchen set?
What is the width and depths of these pans?
can you cook on these
Hi, can anyone confirm the height of the rack? Is it really 12.8 inches as it says? I have 15.5 inches space under my cabinet.Thanks!
Can you adjust the volume
will it also work with an ipad?
my daughter has a eclipse mp3 player a cheap one so would the twister dance rave work with that as well?and also do you plug the connector cord into the headphone area?
Can you use an iPhone 4 with this?
can you make this work with Ipods or IPhones?
can you hook this up to your roku?
Our music stops 4 seconds after the "beep" on every setting! It's driving us crazy! I tried replacing the batteries, etc.and NOTHING! Can anyone help?
This is a game, right? How is the winner decided?
Does it come in the box or just the figurine?
My white ranger box doesn't have the toei sticker. is this normal?
Aside from the packaging, is there any difference between this figure and the Kiba Ranger figure?
Is there a shipping option on Amazon to have packages wrapped more carefully? I want the boxes in the best possible condition.
Does this item have the 20th anniversary on the box?
How durable or fragile are these toys? My 5yo nephew sometimes gets a hold of my other posables and he can be quite rough.
Is he bigger or the same size as the dc universe figures
I read the description and it said 5.5 inches but I would just want to ask someone who owns one
does amazon ship s.h.figuarts to australia ?
How well are you able to mix and match with other toy manufactures' (Hape and Plan Toys) dolls and furniture? Are you able to swap them out?
Is the frame wooden?
What are the dimentions?
What are the floors/walls made of? Also, does anyone think not adding the garage door would cause a problem with structural integrity?
would this be suitable to be left outdoors in a k-2 school play area
Does the structure hold up being assembled then disassembled for storage/moving?
Does anyone know if the Hape Car will fit inside the garage all the way?
Do the Melissa and Doug Victorian doll house family dolls fit in this house/ furniture?
Can anyone tell me the hight of the dolls that come with this? Thanks!
Do the furniture doors like refrigerator and cabinet doors open?
will this work for a 250 quad drone with a dx6i 6 channel transmitter. for drone im building
I use the DX6i what is the safe range for this receiver?
Will this work with Armattan Mullet - Acro Naze32 rev5 Compatible Flight Controller?
what servos are compattable with the AR610
Will this receiver work with ParkZone Sport Cub?
Is it possible to link this receiver with a DX8? We only need 5 channels and don't wish to buy a new 8 ch Spektrum receiver.
Data port for telemetry?
What is servo lead adapters do I need for this? I tried plugging in regular servo lead wires I found on amazon but they don't fit.
I use the DX5e, what is the safe range for this receiver?
Is the failsafe on this receiver on all channels? In other words, does it work for a quadcopter build?
sizes of figures
can this item be shipped to turkey?
What are the names of the characters?
appropriate for what age?
Are figurines posable,with jointed arms and tentacles?
what are the size of the figures?
Why sell this for over $30 when Disneystore.com is selling it for $19.95?
why is there a clockwise and a anti clockwise what do these do
how would I know if I need the clok wise motor or the anti clock wise motor?
can this motor fit a v222?
Does this come with instructions on how to remove the old one and install this one?
What is this thing for? It might be nice to know why I would need this?
Can the camera of this copter tilt down some degrees to take pictures and video on better angle?. Thanks.
Does this come with a mode 1 or mode 2 transmitter?
Please: Can explain what is the up grades on this model. Thanks
please date version of board?
Does this come with a US charger?
Does the charger handle 240V?
Can you run more than one of these cars at a time with what's in the box or can you not change the frequency?
what do i need to make this thing go 100+ mph?
How does this car do on grass?
What is the distance it will travel from the remote control?
can u run more than 1 battery? and how big of the baterries can u run if u do 2?
The car comes with the remote controller? or controller is sold separately
how fast does it go?
I've had this for years, the motor is broken, what motors can i use with this? Im thinking of an upgrade.
Trying to decide between Stampede and Rustler. Do both have air cooling fan for engine, or only the Stampede?
Will they fit a small child (approx. 6 yrs old) or will they be too big?
Is the light sealed and waterproof? I'm wondering if we can use it a pool party.
Will these fit in an Easter egg?
the rings are all white, not colored??
Are all 24 rings white or are they assorted colors and styles?
what are they made of?
are the lights inside different colors?
what is living sand chemically? What is it made of? Organic, non-toxic....but how do I know that is true with out list of ingredients.
Is living sand available to supplement the packaged sand with tools, etc
What do you do if living sands gets wet?
I saw a video for kinetic sand and it looked awesome..is living sand the same thing?
Is one set with 1.5 lbs enough for, say a 9 x13 inch dish?
Is living sand the same as moon sand?
How do you store it? Tupperware? Bag? Or does it need to "breathe?"
Does the sand need to be kept covered?
I thought Play visions was made from crushed rock and seashells with no actual sand used?
Can you buy just extra sand?
On the directions they say to store it in a non airtight container. What have others used?
My granddaughter loves this product however she poured water onto the sand and now it's sticky what can I do?
what is the difference between Living Sands and Sands Alive? thanks! Arlene
What are the dimensions of the tray?
Is it gluten free?
Is living sand the same as kinetic sand??
Does this come with 3 lbs. or 4 lbs. of sand? The box in picture says 3 but description says 4.
the large living sands set comes with what colors?
Is it heavy to be hand carried over the newspaper?? My Dad like reading the newspaper while lying in the bed.
If it doesn't do the whole page at once...what does it do? How much of page?
I put the batteries in but the lights never worked...any tricks to that?
I'm concerned about the way the string is connected to the magnifier. How secure is it and if it comes out, can it be replaced easily DIY?
How tall are the legs, I want to know the distance between glass and table. I don't want to hang it around my neck.
Does it require a battery for the LED light?
does it magnify the whole page at once
Where is this toy manufactured?
What is the age range for this toy?
What is the difference between frustration free and retail packaging?
Does it make an oinking sound for the pig at all?
is this just a toy or can you use it as a bank too.
can you buy extra coins for the pig if/when they get lost?
Is there a on/off switch that i can turn the sound completely off? Thanks
do their arms and legs bend?
How large are the characters?
How large are the figures?
are the clothes solid plastic or are they the rubbery type that can be removed like magi clip?
Does Anna's shoes come off?
which playset goes with frozen castle?
Does Anna's cloak come off?
are they in stockin the USA for IMMEDIATE shipment to USA address??
Does Queen Elsa come with a gold tiara like in the box photographs or an aqua tiara like in the model photographs?
Suitable for 4 year old?
How tall are the figures?
do they stand up on their own?
is it moveable
Why do you have a picture of the set of 6 characters as the main photo when it appears this purhcase is only for 3 of the 6?
These say "...gorgeous ball gowns from the movie in easy-to-dress MagiClip form..." In the description. Are they true MagiClip?
The picture does not match the description, which is correct? The description says, both sisters come with capes, but the picture only shows one?
Would these work as cake toppers?
Why is this $23 when target sells it for $12.99? Does it come with something else?
how tall are the dolls
how tall are the figures?
Does the box say "holiday doll"? Thanks!
Are the clothes and shoes removable?
Does the box say 2013 Holiday Barbie on it or something similar. My granddaughter was born in 2013 and I would like to give it to her when she is old enough to play with it.
Why is it different from the other Holiday Barbie?
Are the earrings, necklace and dress removable?
VERY IMPORTANT QUESTION! Does this barbie have sparkley red shoes??? My toddler's only request to Santa LOL!
Does this doll come with a box? Also, what year is it?
I would like to know why they show two different styles of the Holidt Barbie, the other in red and gold
Can anyone advise how long of a run you get off a full charged battery? And how long does it take to charge the battery? Thanks!
how fast does this thing go?
how fast does this thing go?
does it have a spektrum receiver?
in the video is that the stock motor and everything?????
What is the balloon for on the atomic barbwire
whats the bloon for
Product info says it does not come with a remote control how do you operate boat and do you need to buy seperate need 2 boat can they race same time
Can this go in Salt water?
does it have reverse?
How tall is the bucket? Everything else I've looked at is so small...
size
Is this BPA phthalates PVC free ?
In what country were these toys made?
is this product "green"
Who is the manufacturer? What number plastic are they made from?
Is the bucket always pink? I am looking for a set for my boy.
Does this analyzer measure power,voltage, current at the output or load end of any electrical device and give a true readout.
Can this be set to disconnect the load at a certain voltage to measure battery capacity without overdischarge?
Do you have the user guide or manual for this meter? If so, can you please send me a copy?
Can this wattmeter measure dc watts from lead acid batterys as well as watts generated from a DC wall wort power supply?
How do you determine polarity? The output is not marked.
Are the blades the A1 or B1 version?
Will this canopy fit the V911 Version 2.0, or is it different?
Who is the best seller for this accessory kit to buy from? Fastest shipping an complete as shown on the pics.
does this include the washout base?the thing where the main rotor attaches to the metal shaft
Do you have an assembly manual on how to replace broken or bent parts. I can not seem to assemble the parts in the correct order. The rotor parts.
WHere do I find extra screws.
will these parts work on h911i rocket 4 chanel
will the radio for my current V-911 work with this heli or is there a differance or some settings that have to be changed
Does this come with extra counter weights?
works for the new batery??
Will this accept a bluetooth module?
Is there an instruction manual somewhere?
Does it really have a BMP085 barometer, or has that chip been upgraded like the rest of the MWC manufacturers?
Is there a Kindle Fire app for this?
does it work on the ipad mini
Does this pencil work as just a stylus
this work with leap pad ultra?
does this pencil work with rca tablet 1.5GHz quad core processor 16GB ?
This might be a stupid question, but I can't locate the free app on the App Store on my iPad. Can someone help me? What do I search for to locate it?
Can I use JUST the stylus on a Samsung Galaxy 3?
What other apps can Mr. Pencil be used with?
does it work with other pads besides ipad products, besides leapfrog
does Mr. Pencil teach left handed writing
What all comes in the box?
Does the leap reader pen actually read to your child or do I have to purchase a leap reader tablet along with this? I am new to all of this! Thanks!
Are the markings made by the LeapReader Pen on the 'magic paper' permanent? Can you do the worksheets over and over or just once??
Will this fit in the original tag storage case? Or does it have it's own new case for it?
Is the Leapreader compatible with the Leapreader Junior books?
How long does it take to charge the battery? I had it plugged in for more than 2 hours, and the battery is still not showing me the green light.
Is this system the same as the Tag system. does it work with Tag books?
Can't get LeapReader to connect with my computer. Driver doesn't seem to want to install. Checked firewall and still nothing. Help!
Does this reader work with tag junior books? Our pen (tag) broke and we are looking to invest in this.
does the usb cord that comes w/pad also work w/pen?
Can I use Mr Pencil with this?
Does this work with the original Tag pen? Or must you purchase the new LeapReader? Thanks.
Do I have to have the Reading/Writing system to use this workbook...I did purchase the Mr. Pencil...
Does this come with the reader pin or is it sold seperately?
Can you erase and resuse writing pages?
My first Leap Frog purchase. Is there anything else needed for this purchased product to work? Or is there other needed equipment from this company?
is the mr pencil included
Can I use this with the leapfrog leapreader pen? one person says yea and one says no.
can it use with " Tag Reading System 32MB " pen ?
Does it include the pen.
Does it come with a book and do you have to buy the audiobooks??
The "mess free" writing solution: Is the paper in the books able to be used more than once?
after 2 or 3 hours, the charge indicator still remains yellow. Is there something wrong ?
may i check if this tag reader works on read &amp; learn! World Map Jumbo Puzzle please?
Does this come with a charger?
Is there a case for this, I'm worried my daughter may lose the pen.
Does this system require a computer to work with it? Will it work with a Mac OS computer? Does it come with any software?
Is the headphone jack compatable with non leapfrog headphones?
Will this work with tag junior books?
Does it fit Samsung Galaxy S V?
Does this product fit iPhone 4?
can it fit i pod 4
Is it protective of the phone?
will it work with the HTC desire 610?
does it fit nexus 4
Is this compatible with Weaver or Picatinny rails?
Does is fit IPod 5th Generation
Does it fit iPod touch 4th generation?
Is it easy enough for a 3 yr old to play with? (i have one who is DESPERATE to have 'battle weapons' like big bro and sis!)
Do any regular n-strike darts work with this gun?
So are there targets for kids to use or do they just shoot the darts at walls and such? -confused uncle
Can a 6-yr old enjoy this? Why is the minimum age so high (at 8)?
What would be the "boy" colored version of this, so brother &amp; sister have equal guns?
can you load more than one day at a time?
can this use the nerf suction darts?
How many and what kind of batteries does it use? The box simply states batteries sold separately, but I don't see the type or quantity it requires.
Is there an equivalent "boy" Crossbow Blaster?
Can normal nerf bullets work on the crossbow?
Is the frustration free packaging better than the standard packiging ?
is it easy enough for a 5yr girl to pull back and load
does it need batteries
Boys product
Does it shoot quietly for sneak attacks? ;)
this computers works in spanish too?
Is there a headphone jack for this computer?
what is the recommended age for this toy
its possible change the language? can we use it in spanish?
Age level?
What happens if the only setting that can be used is to draw? The activity buttons don't work.
No longer have the manual, how do you change the batteries?
Does this laptop teach you to write short words, too? Or just one letter at a time?
Can this be used floating in the water as well as mounting? I'm afraid my son won't be able to reach the buttons if mounted on the wall.
How do I get extra bubble liquid
How do I get the bubbles to work? The music plays but the bubbles do not work at all.
what bubbles did everyone use successfully? I tried both bubbles (that you blow outside) and bubble bath. neither success to make bubbles float
Does this have a volume control on it?
what age is it for
age group?
Is this worth buying for an almost 2 year who loves knobs and buttons? He already owns a children's laptop and plays with it a lot. Thanks!
What size batteries does it take?
the product you can change the language of a spanish english
Could this be modified for a stroller?
Can it be used in a car seat?
Can this toy be used by a child in a car seat while driving in the family car?
what is the power source for 3 in 1 racer
does this toy have rubber bottom to keep it from sliding around on a dining room table
How do you get rid of the free music app "Leapfrog Learning Songs"?
Is the wi-fi content free, or do you have to pay for anything? We had sticker shock with our LeapPad 1 when we realized how expensive apps were.
can you download abcmouse onto the ultra
how can I open pbs kids
If two children in the same household each have one of these, must the apps be purchased twice or can they somehow be shared within the household?
will leapster games work on leap pad ultra?
Does the ultra play leapster games
Language can be changed to Spanish?
how does the touch screen work ?how does it (the touch screen) compare to the ipad touch screen?
Do u really have to pay for EVERYTHING on this Thing?
can i use in singapore?
What songs come pre-loaded with the device?
can you watch netflick childrens movies on this or just leappad products?
What are all the accessories that can be purchased for this product?
My daughter is 6, will this keep a 6 yr. old entertained or should we get a different tablet? Will the games be challenging?
can you use for video calls?
I have read reviews that say the Ultra runs slow.If you turn the wifi off will it run faster or does it still load games slow even with wifi off?
Hey i'm from LatinAmerica. I would like two for my kids. Can it be configurate to Spanish or there is any APP to do it??
Can LeapFrog LeapPad Ulta be used on products for children as young as 3 ?
does it come with a charger?
do they break easily???
Are these all white?
are they going to lose there glow eventually?
How many plates are in a pkg?
How many plates are there?
how many plates come in one package?
How long does shipping usually take? I would need these by March 27th. Would it be possible?
How many plates are in a pkg?
It says that Standard Shipping to the US is 18-26 days. Is this true?
How long does it take to ship from uk to us?
How long did it take for these to get from the usa to Santiago de Chile?
How many plates are in the pack?
how many come in the package?
Can I receive my order before Christmas?? I cannot get in contact with the sender.
how many cups come per pack?
how many peppa pig red party cups per package?
How many per pack?
Do these batteries work for the fc40?
How long will the dji phantom fly with standard battery, and is extended flight possible with larger batt ?
Hi, will this battery fit fine in DJI Phantom?
Are these OEM brand? Or knock offs?
Once I connected this battery to the balance charger, I am getting charge status and 1S LED blinking red. What does it mean?
this works for dji phantom fc40 right ?
I purchased a new Replacement battery for my DJI but it would not take a charge? What do I do?
when i buy the FC 40 does the battery comes with the charger?
Will this work with any quadcopter with an XT60 connector, or will it only work in a Phantom?
how much does it weigh?
Does the Frozen Ice Castle and playset require 12" dolls or the smaller approx 3" dolls?
I want to get this for my 5 year old who is having a frozen theme birthday party, is it a good idea to assemble as decoration for the birthday table?
What is the size for frozen ice castle? I plan to take to overseas. T
IS THE PRICE CORRECT ?
When it says "tons of accessories", exactly what are they and how many?
does it come with olaf?
does this set has lights up feature?
what is the difference between this $200+ version and the "small" castle for $100-ish?
I am planning to take this frozen castle overseas. if I take it out of the box will it fit in a suit case size of 26h x18.9w x 12d ??
what size dolls are most suitable for this castle ?
Does the actual unicorn resemble the first or second picture more? The color and quality looks pretty different between the two pics
is this machine washable?
how long does it take to ship
Does his tongue stick out?
If i buy this product is it the first photo displayed or the second? EXACTLY THE SAME!!
how long will it take to ship to Texas? Do you have expedited shipping? I need it here by Friday 7/18
is it 14k gold
Does it come with the code to enter?
Is he real gold
If the gold starts to wear off the hat, is it black underneath?
Is it pure gold.
is it real gold
Is it real gold????????????
Does it come with the golden staff
How big is he?
I just bought two of these. It loos like there is a wrapper around the battery preventing charging on the original charger.
Just got this battery in and started it charging. Why does this battery flash red when it is charging?
Would you ship to South Africa? If yes, how much will the shipping cost?
Just received the 1800 mah Li-po battery. Cannot see how this battery will work in my AR.Drone 2.0 charger. Do you take off the plastic wrap?
how long did it take to get after order was placed?
Does this work with the AR Drone 1.0 and the original charger it came with? thanks
Do instructions or suggestions come with it?
If they jump on it is it easy to fall backwards and hit their head on the side of the pool?
Do you get to choose your color?
what does it do? how do you use it?
What material are these favors made of ? the image looks so cartoonish ... Not a good display image
What are the contents of the Party Favor pack
sofia the first
for how many kids is the package?
How is the material? It is good for girls of 6 years?
does it come with bags
it seems that Zabuza has a hole in his hand so he can hold his sword. does he come with the sword?
does it have a brand? like bandai or something?
Which is the best seller to buy from?
also are the figures detachable from the stand thing
is it possible to only order haku
Is this plastic version of Tinker Toy compatible with the old wood version?
classic
Can a 26-month old boy really build with these, or is that too young? I know the box says beginning age 3.
Are these wooden like old-school tinker toys, or are they cheap-a$$ plastic?
Are Tinkertoys good for ages 5 and up, or only younger kids?
Are these tinker toys wood or plastic?
Can these be used with Superstructs sets?
Do these newer plastic ones work with the 1991 plastic version of Tinkertoys?
Origin says "China" So are they made in China or USA as description states?
I just bought this set. We also have the old wooden set. Will these work with the wooden wheels and such?
would these flexible k'nex fit with my hard k'nex set?
where does it say on the ad that we are buying plastic tinker toys
Do these integrate with the Super Tink Building Set? I want to make sure she has enough to play with but don't want to spend much more.
are the pieces wood or plastic
Can someone tell me how big the little figures are? I'd like to buy this set, but add 2 or 3 more little (female) people to it. Thanks in advance!
Where can I get additional train tracks for this?
Is the train electric?
Where is it made?
Are the tracks compatible with thomas (Brio) wooden tracks?
Is this ok for a 7 yr old?
DO I start with the number 1 or the number 24?
Why is there nothing behind door 18? :(
Are K'Nex bricks compatible with Lego?
What is the age group for this
How tall are the figures? 3.5, 6, or 7 inches? Thanks in advance.
What is the Cape made out of
The toy comes with its original box
cad bane figure
I was wondering if this kit is only K'Nex classic pieces or if it also includes K'Nex mini pieces. Thank you.
are they micro knex?
does this set have 4 wheels?
What's the difference between this set and the 700 piece set, besides the number of pieces? Are the two sets compatible? Can you mix and match them or
does this set have motors?
Does this kit really have 375 pieces
Can you move its legs around or is it permantly attached to the board on its legs?
Is this item the best? Is it long lasting? Does it break easily? Is it fun?
so batteries are included? please and thanks
To be clear, these are real true Danbo figures and not fake knockoffs right? I've seen many fakes on Amazon and am afraid to buy the wrong one.
Can we change the orientation of hands so that the hands can extend in front rather than sideways? Thanks.
Is this a real Danbo or a fake Danbo?
When we receive the package, is the Danbo fully structured/made or do we have to build it ourselves?
When we receive the package, is the Danbo fully structured/made or do we have to build it ourselves?
Sorry Is all plastic or is accumulated as the other ??
what is the size?
does the coat come off?
does the coat come off?
does the staff come off his hand?
is it necessary additional battery to have more power life ? If yes, please inform battery specification / model.
it lists four colors available. How do you select which one you want?
We would like to purchase the Stampede priced at $227.98, regular $399.99. I want to confirm that this item includes the battery and the controller?
can u use lipo batterys on this truck?
How fast does it go?? (mph)
I will soon be ordering two of these. One for each child. I will need two different colors, Is this possible?
what is the scale of this particular model?
Please recommend an extra battery with a higher mAh and a fast charger for the stampede. I'm a bit clueless - don't wanna order the wrong thing.Thanks
Does this have a 'training mode'? I don't want to go so fast....
Is this stampede 4x4? If it is not is it still good off road to drive?
how durable are the safari animal standee sets--heavy, thick cardboard??
What are the dimensions and weight of the shipment box? Just wondering if the size and weight fits in my baggage to take them on flight?
Is it possible to attach these to a wall? We already have the rain forest theme painted on the wall, might be cute to attach this to it?
Is it possible to attach these to a wall? We already have the rain forest theme painted on the wall, might be cute to attach this to it?
Is the figure you have in stock a Cloak figure or a Dagger figure?
Which figure am I purchasing? 20 bucks is a lot for a mystery.
Do you have a Dagger now? If not, why is the description still showing it? Thanks.
Hoy can I get both&iquest;
Uhhhh wasn't Princess Leia part of the escape from the Death Star? Where is she?
Do the arms and legs move on these figures? Are they the right size to fit in the Millenium Falcon toy?
How tall are these figures?
Are these small enough to fit inside a lg size Easter egg, instead of candy?
Are these compatible with Imaginext toys? They look the same as the Imaginext characters.
does this come with the robots?
Does it come with controller?
What is the age group for the Battroborg 3-in-1 Battle Arena?
Did you get many duplicates from this box ? [e.x more then 3 copies of 1 card] I am getting Battle Pack 1 and I may buy this.
how recent are these boxes? Are they recent or a year old?
When will this item be shipped because it is a pre-order?
Does this Booster Box only include 1st generation cards or from all yugioh the generations cards?
how many cards are in yigioh battle pack war of the giants booster box
do you ship to Australia?
Do you get all the God Cards in this set?
how many packs in this box? is there a mega pack and play mat too?
Do you ship your order to Brazil? I want to buy a 1000-dollar into commodities. What would be the approximate value of the shipment? Thank you!
What are the chances of getting a god card?
any good cards in these packs?
Are they official trading card league yu-gi-oh cards?
why is charges more than what is say
What would you say your chances of getting an egyptian god is?
The cards were first edition?
so how many packs do you send me?
so is there only 5 cards or 215 cards ? i'm confuse
Could a girl wear this ring? And is it possible to go to a jewelry store and get it sized to fit?
Does the metal flake after a few months of use? And what kind of metal is the ring made out of?
does one size fit all?
Would this ring be suitable for everyday wear?
Does this take the old (version 1) batteries or the new (version 2) batteries?
Does this come with a controller?
Will hero h995 radio work with this helo?
can I use my old v911 radio with a new helicopter
can we bind this heli with Spektrum DX6? And does reciever is replaceable (with AR610 Receiver) for this heli?
Is this the new verion 2 model?
Can this new helicopter be fitted with the aerial camera ( MJX F645 F45 C4002 Aerial Camera ?)
What's the difference between the Neewer and the WL Toys???
does this bind to a DX6i spectrum radio?
Will the DX6i bind to this?
Does any one know if this is Version 1 (V1) or the new Version 2 (V2). My batteries from my current V911 is the snap on V2
Why is my main motor not spinning the blade fast enough for flight?
I already have this model transmitter but no helicopter. If I buy this "BNF" model, does it work with previous transmitter that I already have?
Can I get transmitter saperately?
How about another WL transmitter for the v912? They're very similar, especially in the binding process and such.
I have the copter (NEEWER&reg; WLtoys V911 2.4 BNF Remote Radio Control Helicopter 4CH GYRO Heli Blue/White)--what else do I need and where do I get it?
If this helicopter is a BNF, what transmitter do you need? Would it bind with a Spektrum transmitter? I just bought the black and yellow RTF version and I was wondering if it would interface with that transmitter.
So, is this mode 1 or mode 2? Or does that matter with the chopper, just with the transmitter?
Is it a mode 1 or mode 2? Does this one have the receiver board and motors? Basically all the electronics?
Does this take the old batteries or the new batts.?
Hi, i just ordered the beige one and I just want to make sure that it comes out beige because I've been looking for this pillow for a while!
Will you have pink in the future?
Exactly how big is the pillow?
how do you wash the alpaca? do i just take of the cover and wash the pillow? if so, how do i wash the cover?
Where is it made?
Hi! I'm ready to order and see question about a pink one? Have you gotten those in yet- if so, how do I order one of those? Thank you!
just received the order but how comes it is not a pure white one as shown? i ordered the white one, not a gray/'black white one :(
does this set require the use of stickers or the lego pieces have pictures already engraved?
Would this be good for a boy?
when would it be here if we ordered free day shipping on April 12, 2015
Is this box factory sealed?
Is there any chance you have any extras? I need 3 but your stock only says 2.
Hi there, Is it possible to ship the Lego Friends Heartlake High 41005 to Moldova (code MD-2044)? How much would it cost? Thanks.
Do we have to collect other things for the toy or it has everything?
Is the EV3 kit compatible with parts (motors, sensors, building pieces) from NXT 1 and NXT 2 kits?
My set came without instructions except for TRACK3R. The description says it comes with instructions for 5 of these. Did I get a defective kit?
Does it support programming language such as C/C++, java, python?
How many aa batteries
The other Mindstorm Kits we've used, both had storage trays. This is an expensive set not to having something safe to keep it in. Suggestions?
Would this be an appropriate gift for an adult who is a moderately-skilled techie? Or is this set mainly just for kids?
What is the "education" version?
Can u make custom robots with this kit?
Age group?
Does the EV3 fit the rechargeable battery pack from the old Mindstorms?
how long does it fly after full charge
How do I trim the V912, and keep it from roatating to the right?
What does "MAX" in the name mean? Is it much different from the regular V912? In the world of 911 series, the V911 is 100% equivalent of the H911.
Is this the V912-V2 with camera function available on the board ?
How much wind can this helicopter handle?
Does the printer come with filament, or do you have to buy it separately?
How do you go about upgrading to the dual head verssion? How much does the dual head reduce the build envelope?
Not sure if this specific model mbot cube 2 for price 1599 usd include dual extruder?
does this train run in a straight line? Or just in circles?
Is there a way to stop the lights from flashing? That is, having the lights on at all times during operation?
What age group would you say for this train?
what is the difference between this and the 3D train they make, which one would a 4 to 5 year old enjoy more, and is more realistic
Does it have a switch to turn off the music, so it can run without the loud noise?
My train does not move. It only makes loud noises. Is there another switch?
will this work on carpets?
does it fit onto Melissa &amp; Doug's wooden tracks?
Could my wife and I have a conversation if we were both in the same room with this train on? Is there any way to mute it while it while it's running?
Why is this called a "train" when it doesn't run on tracks?
Does this have wheels?
What ages is this horse equipped to take. It looks really small. Especially for a 6 year old.
how tall is the back of horse?
How tall is this horse from floor to saddle? I am won dering if the 28" is to the saddle or the top of the head.
WHAT ARE THE AGES FOR THIS GAME
How do you play this game?
Does the elf's legs move
Is this the same elf as the elf on the shelf bundle with the book and stuff? I just want the elf from it, so is this the same elf?
what is the age of child
Does this hide and seek version give youi ideas where to hide him
Is this the one that you can hide and change his position?
Do these light up?
Does it come in a helmet shape box?
size
What do I need in order to charge this battery? Or can I use my stock AR Drone 2.0 wall charger.
does this battery fit the UID 818a
It says charge at 1.3 Amps, my balance charger X1Ac Plus says i should charge at 5A and 11.1V, which one is it?
How fast will this charger charger http://www.amazon.com/Tenergy-TB6-B-B... charge this batt
Should we balance charge it at 1.3 A as the battery states or at 5 A?
does this fit the PArrot V 1.0?
The connector looks like it would work with the new Bebop from Parrot (who made the AR 1 and 2). Can anyone confirm it will work?
does it fit the AR. Drone 1.0?
Does this battery fit with this charger? http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00C...
how to charge this battery?
How tall is the figure?
I have been waiting for this but I'm not finding any of the figures in this wave at any store so how is it you have them?
Which action figure of Jean Grey do you have? the Jim Lee version, which is the one in your picture, Age of Apocalypse, or White Phoenix.
Would a rubber band knock them down?
Would nerf water guns/supersoakers be strong enough to knock the targets over? WOuld the water ruin it?
how tall is it?
Do the targets reset themselves if you shoot them, elimanating the need to leave your post to reset them?
Can I order spare parts? We lost some of the small pieces that go in the body
What year is this collectible game?
Can 4 yr old operate this
is this the dart for the sharp shooter II gun?
Are these the one for the Centurion gun?
Do they fit the Nerf Zombie Strike Zed Squad Magnus Blaster ?
Do these fit the Nerf Mega Thunder Bow Blaster?
does anyone know the size of these darts
are these darts for Nerf N-Strike Elite Mega CycloneShock Blaster?
Do they whistle?
Are these the Mega Darts the whistling kind? I don't see the whistle holes in the image?
Do these fit the Nerf elite 2
What diameter are these please
can you use the regular blue darts in this too?
Does it require batteries?
WOULD THIS BE FOR AGE 4 7 5 years,
Is it easily reloaded
Would this holster easily attach to your purse?
Will the Nerf Dart tag darts work with this gun?
Does this need batteries?
Does this take the ammo clips?
how far does it shoot?
Will it fire the suction cup darts too?
How big does the belt go? What is the total length of belt when expanded to its longest?
Do these darts fit the crossbow?
How many darts will the bag hold?
Do these darts fit the Nerf Rebelle Agent Bow?
how many darts can it fit
can the belt adjust to the waist lenght
Is this only ONE set of the bag, belt and 10 darts? For $44.99???
Why is it $31.94 here when it sells for 12.99-15.00 everywhere else?
Are "Elite" darts (GID, blue/orange or 'zombie' green) compatible with the Rebelle girls' line? I'd like to get some less fru-fru ammo for my niece.
Will these fit the same Nerf guns as the N-Strike darts?
are the darts soft so when you hit someone, they wont get hurt?
do these darts fit nerf guns that also use darts?
can the dart's use with other nerf rebelle?
does it really fly
Do the doors open?
Does the tardis spin like it says?
Would a 7" action figure fit through the door? I see its 8" tall, I'm assuming that's how tall it is including the roof &amp; the actual doors are shorter
is this the 10th doctors or the 11th doctors tardis?
Does it have all sound effects
Do the doors open in, like the real Tardis, or out, like the bank model and some other DW toys?
Is the height of this 3.75 inches or is it to scale to match 3.75 inch figures? Also, is it possible to turn on the light only?
Is this 3.75 in tall or 10 in tall?
What are the dimensions and approximate weight of the tardis w/o batteries?
Does it come with batteries? If not, what size and number of batteries are needed?
Does this come with some type of sticky tape so you are able to put it on your car dashboard?
+Can you deliver to Australia? I saw that the smaller ones can be delivered all over the world but not this one?&gt;
what is the country of origin?
Is there an on/off switch?
Does it sound like Sheldon?
What is the recommended weight limit? Height limit?
What about a 3 1/2 year old boy?
recommended ages
are these wheels made of gel I have the wiggle bike and it doesnt go well at all because the wheels are plastic
Love the radio flyer bumper car. Would this be a good upgrade for a 3yr boy so his younger brother can have the old toy?
What is the size of the shipping box? thank you
Can a two year old use it as a ride on? Maybe later work their way up to 'ziggling'? My 2 yr old daughter has good control with a ride on.
Would this be easy to use on a driveway that has pavers?
Will it scratch hardwood floors
Anyone have a two year old that has fun on the Radio Flyer Ziggle?
How will I know if it will fit my helium tank. Is there something I could measure? Maybe the size where the threaded part screws in?
Does this create a 60/40 mix?
How does the mylar tip work? Is it piston action or is there a button to push?
I have read reviews on some valves from other companies that they can explode and fly off the helium tank. Is this a beter one?
hi this furby response to voice comands.
does the furby and the furbling have to match for them to interact?
Does anyone know if there's a way to fix a furby who keeps going mute? His mouth is moving like normal, but no sound comes from the furby. Help!!
Please confirm if furby speak Chinese too
My niece asked for one of these and I am wondering what kind of device she needs. I don't think they have an iphone or ipad at home..
Pls confirm if furby speak spanish too?
can you get the ferby app on a nokia lumia 521 windows phone
What's its name?
Furby's name
why are the cost varying?does application difference decide the cost criterion
I live in Brazil will be send to the seller where I live and this furby and it was released a short time and he learn the English language?
Do you have to have an iPhone, Android, etc. for children to play with them?
How is the furby boom different from a regular furby other than the app?
It's in Spanish ? To
Can anyone tell me the difference between this furby and the ones that come in the black boxes?
If these Furbys are 64.52 in store why are you selling it for 70+
Can this be used in Europe?And also will the App work on Andriod?
Does it speaks spanish or how can I configure it to speak spanish ?
Is the app compatible with a Monster M7 7" Dual Core Tablet HD Screen with 16GB Memory?
does the app require cellular service?
app
does ferby speak spanish?
What batteries do they require
can I to change the FURBYS lenguage from english to spanish??... thanks
Does furby get crazy or evil a lot? If yes,how do you turn it back?
we have 2 furbys. The first doesn't talk at all and the second has arrived and is very chatty. Does this mean it is faulty as we have had it a week
How do you get the Furby to be silent? It makes noises even in sleep mode.
hi, i was wodering if you can change the personiltity
do u have to use the app to have him work
What is the difference between different Furby Boom, because the price is from 29$ to 51$ ?
Will it work from an iPhone?
Needs batteries?
what does furby boom do??
Hello, Is there a latin spanish talking version? Thanks in advance
Does is has girls voice or boys?
does it comes with warranty?
Hello, is it possible to teach furby another language through application app and google play? Thank you
Its Mine but What if children want it?
Why is the Furby Peacock $20 more than the Polka Dot or Wave? Does it do extra things?
Does the app work on a Kindle Fire?
Can the toy be enjoyed without using the app or a tablet? Our four year old doesn't use "screens" and we want her to be able to enjoy it standalone.
Will this US furby be totally compatible with my tablet in the UK?
Is this Peacock furby a girl???
good night, the furby boom speaks spanish or english only?
We set up the furby, and then had to reset it because it turned mean. now when we try to login as the same furby, it does not recognize the furby.
I bought this one but I cant download furby boom app for android. I am from Sweden ,is this app only for USA?
I really can't understand, why it is so cheap? 26 dollars? Is it new and in a perfect order? verywhere else the price is 65 dollars and here 26?
How much does it weigh in gramms?
Do you send to Peru? How much is the Shipping? thanks
Do you have to use the app to name your Furby, or can you name it anything you want...like Cuddles?
can i use rechargeable batteries? For example eneloop&iuml; K-KJ17HCC04C
Is this ONLY compatible with iPad, iPod touch and iPhone? Or can this app be downloaded to Android devices?
Could it to talk in russian language???
My mom bought one of these back in July and the furby is no longer working properly. Do these come with manufacturers warranty?
hello there. they espeak spanich? i am planning to buy 10 of them
Hello! Tell me this toy says in Russian? Thank you very much for your reply!
is this the big furby???
How much is it to ship one item to Ukraine? How much does it cost to ship 7 items? How long will it take?
how fast does it go
does this come with the radio controller
What size battery is included? Is it a 6-cell or a 7-cell NIMH?
can you use nitro battieries
does this takes only one battery per drive?
does it has the Hold Down Battery
does it come w/ body clips?
Does it come with a charger
How does this one do in the dirt? Thanks everyone!
is it 1/10 scale?
This furby I have keeps changing personalities and I want it to be a sweet one like the personality it had when you just bought it.What can I do?
please let me know the pounds the furby
what batteries if any do i need
can speak Spanish?
WORKS WITH SPANISH LANGUAGE
Has it talk in spanish?
Any furby's speaks French?
which is the type of batteries
Can I change the &ntilde;anguage of the furbie?? Is it in english?? I whish in spanish, can I change it? thanks very much
is there a difference between the furby and furby boom?
Is this the Interactive One? The one where it talks and you can use the app with it, or is it just a stuffed animal?
Why are some furby booms more expensive on Amazon than others? Is it just based on popularity of the colors/patterns?
Do furbysvwalk?
What's the difference between a furby "figure" and a furby "plush toy"?
why has it quit working. why did it come without any paperwork?
Is the lightening bolt a boy or a girl? My son's sister's is a girl (polka dot), but he wants his to be a boy.
Does it speak russian?
Can Furbies learn to speak spanish, beside the"furbish"language? Can they learn words in other language or are they programed just in english.
what do furbys do?
Anybody can you tell me please, if this toy is for girl or boy? The voice of toy is female or male? Thanks.
will the furby boom work without the computer app.? will furby boom do anything if we do nothing else but put the batteries in it? thanks
would you recemend this for a 5 year old
Does this do the same things as the normal Furby Boom? Like the other designs?? THANKS!!!
Does it ever shut up? My granddaughter received a Furby last year and there's no shut off. They had to put it into a drawer to keep it quiet. (Or is this one different ?)
What kind of batteries does it take and how many?
is it posible to change english language into spanish?
Is this the app available for the google play store?
does this work with the internet
Furby learns to speak Portuguese?
What is the difference of one furby and the others
I need to ship it overseas so I wondered how many pounds does the toy weight?
Is this furby boom compatible with android sistem?
Can Furbies learn to speak spanish, beside the"furbish"language? Can they learn words in other language or are they programed just in english.
Are there different models of Furbies or something? Why do some cost a lot more than others? I can't find any differences other than the price.
is Furby for a 4 year old
do you have to have the app to use a furby?
What could I expect to get out of this toy without the app? We don't have a tablet, &amp; I don't want to have to rely on my smartphone. Is it worth it?
hi, can we teach them to speak spanish?
can this furby speak in spanish too? thanks
Does this can speaking in Chinese?
Can the Furbys interact with each other?
Toy says in Russian?
Is this Furby a boy or girl?
Having scanning problems with the Furby any suggestions?
How do I wake furby up if it won't wake up
Hi, which speaks in Latin Spanish?
does the furby boom need an ipod touch or iphone?
How many batteries and what size is needed?
Do I need to buy any additional products to make it work? Like an App.?
do you need an ipad to interact
Why the app for Furby Boom is not available in the App Store for Latin American Countries, especially the Dominican App Store?
This original Furby? Will it work in Estonia? thank you
Anybody can you tell me please, if this toy is for girl or boy? The voice of toy is female or male? Thanks.
Hi, how can we download the Iphone or Ipad app? We receive only a blank page. Thanks
How many darts does the stryder come with...ie. does it include extra darts?
will it work with nerd darts
do you need to assembil it?
what kind of batteries does this need?
I see the age range is 6 months to 8 years, but I also see that adults like playing with these. How about an 11-year-old boy?: Thank you.
I read in some reviews that there may be issues with the packaging or contents. Can anyone comment what was included in the box? Thanks!
Does this version come with Darts or Discs, the description says discs?
What kind and how many batteries does this need? I want to be ready for Christmas morning. THANKS!
Where can I download guide/manual for this robot?
DOes it come with the same specifications listed in this website :
Does anyone have a recommended 120v ac charger to buy for this so I don't have to use a car battery?
Does it come with the transmitter?
how many inches long is the wingspan?
how do you attach motor mount
How longe can you fly with one battery?
Can you confirm if the Spektrum DX5e transmitter is included?
I have read that this plane has a 59" wingspan. Is that correct, and if so, how does it fit RTF in a 41.5 x 19 x 8 box?
1. Is this model capable of carrying a GoPro black camera? 2. If not, could I mount a larger motor (and prop?) to lift the extra weight?
My apprentice 15 e only has 2 modes a beginner and a experienced mode it does not have a intermediate mode. Any ideas?
is this machine "chinese toy quality" or "american hobby quality" and is that why is it is so highly-rated here on amazon?
Would this be able to bind to my Turnigy 9X 9Ch Transmitter
I have a specktrum dx6i dsm2 will this radio work?
is this a "easy for beginner" aircraft?
How do you order the green color?
The title says Blade BLH7680 Nano QX RTF with SAFE however, the description says BNF. So which is it? Ready to Fly or Bind and Fly?
Can this work with the Tactic TTX600 that comes with Great Planes 7 Real Flight simulator?
Is this better than the hubsun quad?
Can I use the same transmitter that came with my blade cx2? Does the motors need rest time between battery changes?
can it be flown outside
Does the game play well with 2 players? I'm specifically looking for a good 2 player game...
I don't see a recommended age range on the listing. I'm looking for a game for smart but very competetive kids age 7 and 10. Will this work?
What is the Card sleeve size for the R&amp;R version?
What's the size of the cards?
is this like yugioh? how you play?
Is this really the abacus spiele version or is it the R&amp;R version? I really want to get the AS version since I have a colorblind friend.
How tall are the dolls?
Do the knees bend?
are the boots interchangeable
pokemon toys
Can i fly this with my devention 2404D tx,? thank you!
can I view live video on an android?
does this come with radio controller? not clear in description.
does it work with JMT Walkera Devention Devo 4 2.4ghz 4ch Rc Transmitter Radio Controller Devo4
How long does it take to charge
Is it strong enough to carry a GoPro Hero3?
will it work with my android phone?
Does this helicopter work on bluetooth connection?
can you please tell me what the length of the main fabric cargo area?
How does it manage on the beach?
How much does it weigh?
Is the wagon 42" long without including the back basket?
If i need this sooner can i pay for faster shipping?
Does this actually come with both the canopy and the extra compartment and is it comfortable?
When will the item shipped? I bought it for my friend's birthday and I've been waiting for it for such a long time! I don't want to miss his birthday!
how tall is it?
Hello, goods is complete? A transport box comprises a brown?
Do they ship inside package?
This is not the so-called China version right? As in it is the original figure.
What characters do each weapon belong to?
Are these pendants or keychains?
Are there any plastic parts that feel cheap or out of place?
how large are these? there's no photo that shows the scale
Are the weapons sharp?
How close is the likeness of the weapon to the actual weapon that you see in game and in splash art?
Does this come in the original packaging box? I want it as a gift.
are the swords or a necklace item
are they good to pose with expensive anime action figues
is this 1 ready to run when received?
is this bran new? in Packaging with Axial tape? or has it been open?
how fast and does this rc come whith controller and battery
can this be ran in mud and water?
Can I use this props with the Turnigy SK450 Quad Copter?
is this just for 2 cw or do you have both cw and ccw blades
Will these blades fit the v959 without any modification? The original v959 blades weight about 1.4g each but these are listed as weighing 10g.
They fit something like the CX-20 (Or DJI Phantom)?
Looks like some holes need drilled etc...what all needs to be done for these to work on the V262. And "NEEWER" why no mention of mods needed to fit!
are these props much stronger/durable than plastic props?
Will These props fit on a custom built quad? or does it have to be a certain model?
are they balanced?
Is this a set of CW and CCW? The photo shows all props the same.
Will the reducer bushings they come with allow them to fit a 3.7mm shaft like on the NEEWER 5010-750KV?
do they fit the DJI Phantom 1?
Are these Clockwise ONLY?
What is the inner diameter in mm?
Can you use any adapter between 6-24 volts?
When not connected to the glow plug but the alligator leads connected to the battery is there any current draw on the battery?
what is the input voltage?
Would these be thick enough to hold hot soup without burning hands?
How many ounces do these hold?
How many cups are included?
How many in package?
The deluxe version says 2-6. The regular version says 3-6. Which is it?
Does this version of the game come with a pink robot?
Is there any difference besides the tin container?
what company makes this wagon
How much does it weigh? Is it heavy or complicated to fold up?
can I use it to put my 20month old child in it. If so is the bottom cushioned?
Will these tags work with this reader: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00E...
Are you trully selling 100 pcs fully functional RFID 125 KHz key tags for 27 USD??? Please confirm. Thank You.
Will these work on the Infinias reader?
Will these fobs work with pcProx RDR-6081AKU?
Will these tags work for Anviz L100 Door Lock?
Will these work with Time Wolf?
hi. can you send the package by FEDEX? How much is it to send the package to Mexico City?
Hi. do they work whith AD200-M?
Which reader writer do I purchase for the EM 4100 key fobs ?
Are these tk4100?
Is the ring/arena really necessary or just the two robots?
So basically, two would be needed to "battle"?
Do they move/walk around or do they just stand there?
This works with windows only, correct? Not supported on macs? Looking to use with DX6i transmitter and Heli-x simulator
How to setup DX6i? I installed everything, all the drivers etc. Only get: USB interface not detected. Will really appreciated. Thanks
will this work with realflight 6.5 and windows 7 64 bit?
Where is this part located?
Are they compatible with magna tiles?
I was going to buy this toy based on the positive reviews, then noticed that over 75% of the reviews were posted in the last 3 days. Doesn't this appear suspicious to Amazon?
Are the shapes the exact same sizes as magna tiles? We currently have magna tiles and I am hoping to add some different shapes to the set.
Do some tiles reverse polarity? Are all surfaces magnetized?
Is this an illegal copy of the magnatiles building toy that has been available for years?
Are these as heavy as the Magna tiles?
Does this specific set come with the fence pieces? The pictures show different sets, I want to know which one I would be buying.
Which country is it made?
Are these translucent? Would they work well on a light table?
what ages you recommended?
Does this game work with Leappad 3?
Do LeapFrog Disney games work with Leap Pad Ultra?
is this game anything like the doc mcstuffins app in the apple store ?
Does this work with the Leapad ultra xdi
Is this game appropriate for boys?
does this game work with the leapfrog tv game system
does this game work with leapster explorer?
does this work with Leappad 2
Can I download the cartridge or do I have to carry it with me on the leap pad 2 power?
how I can download this game , because a live Ecuador , but i want this game, is that possible
Can an adult ride this horse?
,how sturdy is the large horse it looks great, I'm thinking to buy for my cerebral palsy daughter who loves riding.
My daughter is only 4 but she is 44" tall already. What size should I get if I want it to last a few years?
is there any way to steer this item? or does it only go forward
hiya, is there any large size available? Also, i am buyer from Hong Kong and is it free as well to ship it to Hong Kong?
How sharp are the turns this large horse can make indoors? I am torn between the medium and large for my 42 inch soon to be 5 yr old g'daughter.
Is there away to push up and down on the stir-ups to "back it up", out of a tight corner? Or can you only go forward on it, and make turns..
How long would it take to deliver the large horse to tipperary Ireland?
I am looking to get the large hore for my little girl for christmas, however i can only get it from china? is this the only way? I am in Ireland
can you ride this outdoors
When I plug in just the charger the red light is on. When I plug in the charger with the battery attached there is no red light. Is it charging?
How do you attach the battery
How do I connect the battery? Once inside the shelf, I can't see a socket?
does the main unit have a power switch? can the battery be charged in-place vis usb port on copter?
Video is not working, tried a couple of cards, and no go? What's up? New out of the box
What does the "LightBulb" icon on the LCD display mean? Comes on and off at random?
Any suggestions on how to transfer the video I am taking? My computer does not "see" the copter when attached via USB.
How do I connect the battery to the Quadricopter? Dave
How do you change the rotational direction of the blades? The two rear are wrong, we just purchased.
How do you use the camera? Is there a separate button on the controller? Does it do stills and video? The owners manual is not helpful.
Where does this item ship from?
Would this be appropriate to shoot ariel footage in a low quality pornographic film?
Anyone else have problems plugging in battery pack to helicopter? The female receiver not accepting male plug, is something missing?
Does this have a live camera feed to the controller?
Does not say the Battery charger is included! Is it?
Do I need to purchase an SD (micro) card for camera to work or does it come with onboard storage and is ready to roll out the box?
can you upload videos to your mac? And can this fly indoors as well as outdoors?
can i mount a GoPro on it and still fly fine?
does this quad copter come with a battery charger or do I need to purchase one?
What is the range of the controller...that is, how far away can you control the U818A?
so everything comes with what i see in this picture except the camera..... and the motors??
If I just got this in the mail today what would I need to get it working? Thanks.
do u still have the toy? my son wants it plz my sogehttp://www.amazon.com/gift-cards/... this he needs it gtg
How tall is the figure please?
Is THIS figure gonna be delayed too?
how tall in inches please? anyone?
How tall are they?
How tall are the bubble guppies in the plush bundle for 25.98? thank you!
what are the measurements or aprox. size ?
Is this good to stick on the back of a cell phone case? Like a decal?
is the sticker sticky on the front (for a window)?
Whats the size of this sticker, please ? Thanks
Is it easily removable once you stick to car rear window or dash?
what size is it ?
size?
What are the dimensions of this sticker? Trying to find a logo large enough to put on a set of boards (for bags).
How big is this sticker?
What are the dimensions?
How big is the patch?
Two of the customers said that it was a small patch; a third said it is 12x10"... what size is this listing for?
Where can I find a patch that will cover the back ?!
How big is it
It would of been nice to know in the description how big the patch is. Not disappointed, just pointing out the obvious.
What is the sticker measurements?
Is it pack of stickers or is it just one sticker when you buy?
Is the "white part" of the photo clear on the car?
If i decide to take it off, will it ruin my car window?
Would this go on a car window?
how big is the sticker
how big is the sticker
How many pieces does this kit include? ( saw that the chateau one includes 131 pieces, but it's almost $50 vs. this one being $30 ...) Thanks!
Would a pre-teen like this, a 10 or 11 year old girl?
I have a 5 year old grand daughter - is she too young for this toy?
Would it be feasible for two girls to play with these components independently? Big sister (9) tends to crowd out little sister (7).
are there additional kits available to buy for this product?
I am thinking about this for a girl who does not speak English. How much do the instructions rely on written language (rather than pictures)?
What age ?
How does this version differ from the other version on Amazon that looks identical shown here: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B008...
Does this light up so that it can be played in the dark?
I have the blue box paper edition http://www.amazon.com/Parker-Brothers... Are the phrases/words the same or different than the ones in this electronic version?
Children
is this the most recent catch phrase game on the market
Which is better, the plastic/paper or electronic version of this game?
Is there any inappropriate words or phrases for younger children?
I have the blue box paper edition http://www.amazon.com/Parker-Brothers...
Can you download a new set of phrases to the blue and gray version?
How does this compare with the original blue &amp; gray version?
can I use this by my self? or do two players have to move the planchette?
why does it require batteries
The planchette doesn't move very smoothly, will the spirit still be able to move it?
Whats the difference to the board if you'er a beginner or a "professional"?
Can you use it alone without a 2nd person?
is this a wooden board?
What do the hidden tally marks on the board mean?
Am I going to die using this? I am so scared right now I feel like defyed God , and I just bought it . It hasn't arrived but I feel like sending it back. Literally I feel huge negative wave of energy , and if I am scared do you think I should return it.
Why does it need batteries?
batteries in a ouija board??? what in the world for?
In other words, the questions are totally random? bout any subject at all?
can this be played with 2 players
how are the questions? Is it teen oriented or can Adults play also?
what year did your game come out? the millennium (2000) is the newest we have found... looking for newer.
What are the categories?
could you use previous cards from other editions for this?
Is this version the same as the previous one? (in terms of questions on cards?)
What year edition is this?
Are the cards in this version updated? (the old version is very dated with some of the words and people)
Do you all recommend I purchase the newer version or stick with the old version? I've played the latter before and loved it.
Is this product sealed in plastic wrap?
I need this game in Spanish...does is exist?
do you have to have 4 players
Will these cards fit into the easel from the version of 10 years ago? I still have that version, but we're ready for new cards.
Hi, Is this the "FunLoom" or another brand ? My daughter has one FunLoom and would like to expand it or connect one or two more boards. Thanks
Does the kit contain the hook and rubberbands?
Approximately how many rubber bands are included?
Are you sure the hook is included? I ordered this and it was missing. I returned it. Before I puchase it again, I wanted to make sure.
Is the hook a metal hook?
Is this the brand name "Fun Loom"?
does this have s clips
Are there instructions included for making different bracelets?
Are these die cast figures?
Do these planes fit the Propwash Airport that only comes with 1 plane (Dusty)?
Do the wheels move?
Do these planes attach to action shifters?
quality of pieces
could these be put on cupcakes as toppers?
Does anyone know which Disney planes work with action shifter
which scales are
Are these planes compatible with the Disney Planes Aircraft Carrier? That set comes with a Dusty Crophopper plane, and I'm wondering if these are the same size. Thanks!
Are these figures die-cast or plastic?
I was planning to put paper inside with words and such, would it be possible to read the paper through the balloon? Is it clear enough?
Is it completely see through? Need to put my Elf in it and need to be able to see him.
Does anyone know how many come in one package?
Is this balloon perfectly round. There are two pictures here of different balloons.
Can I order just one balloon in pink and use my Amazon Prime for shipping?
Could I put another balloon inside this aka disney?
can i stuff a bear inside or is the balloon thin?
are these perfectly round?
Would this be appropriate for a five month old?
would this fit an 18 months old ?
Is this floater appropriate for the beach?
Can the 'Mommy' part be bought separately?
does this come with a microphone ?
can it just play a cd for listening only too
Can it be plugged into a TV?
Can this player plug into regular electricity? Does it come with an AC cord?
Can you record what you're singing? My nephew likes to sing and then hear it played back.
Can you use it without the lights? My daughter listens to music as she falls asleep and we need a new CD player for her, Karaoke combo sounds neat.
doesit come with the cord to hook up to the tv?
does this have a raido? if so can you sing along with it
Does this show the words?
Can you hook up the Ipod to it?
Installed upgrade for 911 unable to achieve a stable flight. Must have done something wrong. Instruction please.
Which of the 2 pairs of connection ball points should i connect to and should i trim of the unused ones?
My v911 Pro shakes with this product, do I need to trim off un-used bits of plastic from the swashplate to correct this?
Does this come with the screws for the balance bar? I'm missing that screw and am hoping this upgrade will resolve that.
will these parts fit on the h-911 irocket
Will this work for the V911 Pro? Not the v911.
anybody use this with the propel "speedstar", it's a clone of the V911
Other then the brass ball, is the swash plate carbon / plastic or is it all metal?
How big is this plane? Is it just a collectors smaller model or what?
Do the wheels retract
Do the wheels retract
Do the wheels retract
Do the wheels retract
Is this a stand alone or an expansion to the original Munchkin game?
What comes in this set? I own Munchkin Deluxe and Zombie so I'm familiar with full expansions but this description does not give any details.
Can you make the game work for 2 players, and is it almost as fun that way; or do you need 3+ to make the game worth it?
does it come with two connections (old ar drone) or just one (2.0) I have the older type
Do you need a special charger to charge this? Or will the one with the AR. Drone 2 support this battery?
Will the indoor and outdoor bodies fit with this battery?
I've just bought AR Drone 2.0 elite edition. Can I directly install this battery to the drone or do I need a special connector?
ok, so half the people say it works with original charger, half say it does not...which is it?
This plug doesnt' match any of my balance charger adapters: what style/ name does it use so I can order it?
I have an older drone. The battery has the tamiya style main power white connector. Will this battery fit and will my connector mate with it?
can it use the 2.0 charger
Is this safe t use with the AR Drone 2.0 even though it isn't made by parrot?
the battery i want to replace is a lithium polymer-liPo 1300mah 3 cell 11.1V 15-20 C discharge will this battery work to replace the one I have
does truck have a hitch for the big farm horse trailer
Can a 3 3/4 inch action figure fit inside it?
Does this have the tool box in the bed of the truck? If so, is it removable? If not, how much space does it take up?
Is it remote control?
Can the wheels/tires be replaced on this truck with larger ones by me?
are there any without the hole in the roof?
mini mous
How big is this bag?
Measurements?
Does this track fit the wooden track from Ikea?
Do the chuggington die cast (stack track) trains fit on this track?
Do the Thomas Take-n-Play diecast trains work on this track?
Is this set compatible with the Battat brand train sets?
Is this compatable with Thomas the train?
Do you know if this set fits the plan toys train sets?
Is this set compatible with Imaginarium brand train sets?
Is this compatible with KidKraft train sets?
Do the Thomas die cast trains fit on this track?
are the tracks grooved on both sides?
Why is the 1 red
How do you play trouble?
What is the warp path and why is it there?
Mine doesn't seem to have come with pegs, do they come hidden in a compartment that I am just not seeing or something?
can you capture another players peg when they are on their start?
What ages can play this game ?
We need replacement pegs. Anyone know where I can get some?
Does anyone know how to put the game board together? The popper isn't inserted and no directions......can't figure it out!!! Help please.
what does warp and double xs mean?
What does the red 1 mean
Does this table come apart for easy storage when off season?
Would a 12 month old of average height be tall enough to pour water into the water wheel tower?
Can this be used with sand instead of water?
Would a 3-4 year old be too tall to for the table?
What are the dimensions?
Does this table have a drain plug?
Does this table have a drain plug?
Does this have a drain tube
can you take it apart for storage purposes?
How fast does it go
Does this kit come complete with the Receiver and the battery Charger?
Also, what year is this Grave digger?
Can I race this Grave Digger against Traxxas Son-Uva Digger 2WD 1:10, or will the controller frequencies conflict? Both are 2.4 GHz.
Can you specify a color, and get this truck in GREEN? As in the ad... or, do they send you any color?
Any parts#s/prices on quick chargers, extra battery packs, aluminum parts upgrade and 4x4 conversion parts?
is the remote control the 27 mhz or the newer 24 mhz
do the lights work
I want to a photo please control of remote traxxas monster jam truck grave digger scale 1/10 ASIN: B00D8B99Y6
What is the age group
kids can seat and drive this jeep????
Yes , What scale is this ?
demensions
Can this game be played with two people ? How many are recommended ?
Is this a card game or board game?
How is this game different from the one with the same title that is #1 in travel games? look like the other is just a red box no board?
Exampl of some of the questions please?
is it made of steel or metal
Did the product come in the box/case that's depicted in the product picture?
is this item hollow
what material is ti made from ?
How long is it?
is this plastic
Is the kunai sharp?
is there a big difference between the Power, Elite and GPS models
Could it survive under turbulence?
What are the package dimensions?
Will the power edition charger work with the ar drone 2.0 batteries?
may I take photos ???
how many gb (memory) it has?
What are the accessories that come with the helicopter ?
If the drone is being controlled by iPhone, iPad or Android, is it connected by Bluetooth or Wi-Fi? Would you explain how the connection works?
I want to film over water . Is this drone super easy to fly ? I assume if it gets wet . It's over correct?
how high can this fly?
is this compatible with windows 7?
How does fire and ice work?
I see that it says it's for ages 7 and up, but am wondering whether it would be fun or just too frustrating for a 5-year old.
what card bring you out from start/
iS THIS GAME SEALED BY THE MANUFACTURER?
Any idea what's the difference between this 2013 version and Classic Edition? http://www.amazon.com/Sorry-Classic-E...
Is it fun?!?!?!????
I am very confused and feeling a bit mislead now that I am reading the reviews. Why are there only 3 pawns for each color?
What is the object
when u draw a 7 do you have to move seven spaces to start a pawn or can u divide it between a pawn in start to get out &amp; one already out.
What ages enjoy this game most? Is 6 too old?
how do you turn it on?
What age group is recommended for this game?
Is this the newest edition? I have the one in a red box.
Buying this for Christmas gift and confused by different packaging. Ordered green box but received red. Are they exactly the same game inside?
What is in the folders?
Whats the best newer trivia type games out now?
I'm looking for party type games for my daughter and fianc&eacute;. Is the only gripe about a timer? I don't know the game at all.
are the lists different from the original?
I have the original Scattergories. Is this just a repackaging or does it have new categories?
The box says "2 - 4 teams". Can you play with just two people?
what mode is the radio?
I have no experience flying 6 channel helicopters but I don't find 4 channel very challenging should I give it a shot or buy something cheaper first.
I have Walkera 6CH radio 27.810 MHZ will it work with this aircraft?
what are the differences between V450D03 &amp; V450D01 Complete set ups
What distance range does the 450D03 have?
Are you going to testing the heli before shipping it, to ensure everthing is set up properly?
include a transmitter ?? Immediately available flight without additional purchase?
what controller do i need for this
Anyone know what generation this helicopter is?
Ok so title says it comes with the Devo 7 radio , but the above product details says no remote contol included. Which is correct?
Is it actually real size?
Is it plastic
is it fake
How long will It take to get here
Is the flashlight LED?
Battery size?
what kind of batteries
pillow pets
Is this for bigger kids, like a 10 year old? She is about 109 pounds
how much does the box weigh?
Is the riprider flashrider beter
what is the weight limit?
Does the Razor RipRider 360 have hand brakes?
Will an 8 year that just received an electric scooter for Christmas still enjoy this type of toy? .
I am thinking about this for my 8 year old son for Christmas - He's pretty average height ... thoughts ? too young for him ? Thx
is this suitable for adults (5' 5") 140lbs?
How much assembly required?
What is the weight limit.
What ages enjoy this
Does it really have a wide range of animals? My kids know a LOT of animals.
There is the russian language?
Is it true that the jinn is rude when it wins? I have a very impressionable 4 year old and I don't want him learning how to be rude from a toy!
Is this the same toy I have seen for $19.99 at Walmart? Surely it can't be this high at Amazon and be the same toy.
is it a 6 inch
what size is this figure ?
Are the joints moving or rotating?
does it ship to sri lanka?
Is this 12" Tall?
Is this a new item, in the original box?
is the headcover removable?
Were the 128 magnets enclosed? I'm afraid to open. It looks pkg contains only 12X12 inch stabilizer.
About half of the interior magnets on our stabilizer plate seem to be reversed in polarity so the tiles try to spin or fall over. Is this normal?
Can you use these with the magnatiles brand?
Will this work with Picasso Tiles?
Is it magnetized on both sides?
I don't have the magnatiles...yet. However, I have lots of magformers. Can I use the magformers with this?
this seems pricey even for this item. is it worth the price?
is this just the 12 x 12 stablizer --no tiles included
Is this compatible with picasso tiles?
Does this building plate work with Magformers?
Are these JUST AS GOOD as Magna Tiles?
Is this a good present for an group of overweight Christian children?
is a 10 year old too old for this?
Does this set come with an idea booklet?
Does this come with a case to carry them all in or is just the bag? I know it says blue box...but is that just the box the whole thing comes in?
Is there an issue with polarity with this set? Do you need to turn any pieces around to get them to stick?
Where are these manufactured?
are they compatible with magni tiles?
compatible with picasso tiles?
Will these work with the Magna Tiles?
Does the mask actually slide up
hello i wanted to know what type of material the helmet is made out of is it a real helmet or cheap plastic material like a kiddie halloween mask?
What size head can the helmet? Head size 3/8 american
what is the size of this helmet? i like it very much!!!!
Does it play music? (Lacie)
um i want to know if this watch plays the song lacie, i havn't been able to find a single one and i really want one???
Does it play Lacie/ Lacey?
does it make sounds?
does it purr and squeel like the original tribbles that came out in 79
where is it manufactured?
How long does a battery last?
I have to change the forward and back servo due to a broken gear, is this digital or analog?
how high does it fly
Does this heli have a slow / fast setting?
Is the transmitter Infrared?
is the helicopter battery powered or usb
how do you trim the wing it doesent have anything that says it in the manuel
My helicopter is slanted to the left. how do i fix it?
can you change the battery easily to give her more fly time or it is hard to change it and required a lot of unscrew work ?
Can it be flown indoors?
Are the cubes individually packaged in the original packaging?
What version of the cubes are they?
are there instructions?
Are they easy turn
is it stickerless
i've seen people that say they have stickers and others saying that it doesnt.So stickers or no Stickers?? only answer if you've bought this product
What color are black or white cubes ??? Come and 4 ... I mean 2x2 , 3x3 , 4x4, and 5x5 or missing ???
Is it stickerless
type of stickers
Do the cubes come with stands
what is the size of this doll?
How does this doll compare to the talking Sofia &amp; animal friends?
What does "large" mean. Seems to me it should give size in inches, not just "large".
would she fit into a barbie outfit
Does one pack offered here bring four paint boards?
Does it come with a paint brush?
What is the size of the product? The overall size and the size of the paintable area
Does this stop charging once the batteries are completely charged? I am just getting my first heavy-duty charger (1-6s) so I'm new to this.
what lipo charger do you recommend. I can't find one that works with the red/black jack inserts?
Will this work with WLToys V911 Version 2 LiPo(newer version)?
Is there a paraboard that does support Hubsan X4 Batteries?
Does this board support Hubsan X4 batteries?
Will this charging board work with a Thunder Power RC TP610C-ACDC charger?
will this charging board work with a traxxas ez peak plus 6 amp charger
I am new to this. So what exactly do you plug this thing into to get it charging?
Does this come ith Lipo, or Nihm batteries?
are the telemetry sensors installed?
does it come in a traxxas box?
Is this a very durable truck that i can bash and do jumps with every day? I would like to be sure that this truck is a true out of the box basher..?
how big is it?
Does this toy require any assembly??
How many inches
Is this appropriate for a baby turning one?
I have a 6 year old son and I'm looking for creative bathtub toys. Do these stick together when wet? Is my son too old for this? Thank you!
what age group is this for?
Are these BPA free for children that like to mouth objects?
Are these BPA free?
Would you get the Squigz Starter set or the Deluxe Squigz set for 4 and 7 year old boys to play with together (probably mostly in the bath tub)?
Does the item contain different shapes and sizes? Aprox how many in one bag?
Does silicone rubber contain latex? Is this product latex free?
How many days does it take to ship?
ages for reviewers
I can't get the tail attached on the toothless defender of berk dragon. heip?
I can't get the smoke feature to work at all. Anyone else have this problem? Or a suggestion? I even tried replacing the foam cartridge...
The blue light inside of Toothless' mouth won't turn off. Common issue? I have tried the on/off switch, and it didn't help. Just return or Keep?
Does Hiccup, the proper scale to be compatible with tyne 22" toothless exist? can't find any except the 4", too tiny for this big dragon
is there any place to buy more replacement cartridges for the smoke effect? we have the one that came with it, but my grandson is using it all the time and that is his favorite part of the toy.
Is there action guys (hiccup) that will fit this? Just went and bought one and it's too small?
Is there action guys (hiccup) that will fit this? Just went and bought one and it's too small?
What do I do if the light will not go off when you stop pressing the ears
The toy makes some sound?
How to fix the blue light inside the mouth?
how can this ted make a sound?
Can it stand on its own feet?
How much would it cost to ship this to Taiwan and approximately how long would it take?
Does he sing the Thunder Song?
Is this the Green R-Rated Version or the RED R-Rated Explicit Version?
Does mouth move? how many/what phrases this Ted says?
which is the weight of the bear ? please
can you remove the tux? or is it sewn to the bear?
is the tuxedo removable?
can this one speak bad language? is his mouth movable?
is it a limited production?
How much does it weight in box?
Does this have the same magnetic stand as the Hulk?
Hi, is this for pre-order? Or is the product ready for delivery? Also, from which state the product will be leaving from ?Thanks
What material is made the piece?
Is there a limited number made? Like 1 out of 2500?
is it suitable for a 4 year old child? How breakable is it?? is it for display purpose only or you can actually play with it?
Anyone know if they plan on selling just a Catwoman figure later? I only want her from out of these figures!
Does it ship to ireland?
Hi. How tall are these figures? Thank you!
This is supposed to be released in November . Can you please tell us if it is a pre-order or not in the description.
Are these figures toys or collectibles?
What about the Aquaman? Does he come in a loose figure? It looks cool.
Is the packaging cardboard and plastic or is it all plastic that you need scissors to open it?
hi i need to know the specifics meassures of the shipment in order to calculate my rate?
this is a weird question, but are the eyes all white are is there detail
i saw the review a lot of issue of the loose joint &amp; paint chipping at the cape. how to ensure i dun get all these issue?
Is this the same figure that comes in the 4-pack with black mask, joker, and deathstroke?
In the game is he a veteran vigilante or is he still regarded as a novice?
do the upper legs have articulation besides going up and down
some say the paint job looks great but on the ones I have they look poor. Is there a reason for the difference in paint quality?
how tall is it
Is it the BLOODY VARIANT ?
is this action figure loose,or in original packaging.
When will I receive the product? regards
Hello, I'm from France. It sais that it can't be shiped to my country.. Is that true ??
This figure is articulable?
We Got ours today, but how do we make him stand up? can't seem to get it to stand on its own
Does the item ship to Germany?
Is there a universal type of stand, that will make these figures more stable to display?
Why does the Release Date for this Action Figure keep changing?
I pre-ordered this item. Why do you show it in stock and I have yet to receive mine?
What is the finsihed size of the puzzle?
Does xxl mean the pieces are extra extra large, or does it mean the completed puzzle is extra extra large?
Would this puzzle be to easy for a 7 year old?
Where is this made?
Is the shipping free on this puzzle?
xxl = does this refer to size of completed puzzle -or- the size of each puzzle piece?
How many days to receive if shipped to USA?
How large are the individual pieces? Thanks!
Is this puzzle made of wood?
how long are the dresses
how many cm is the dress length? I want to see if there is any chance of this fitting my 7 year old.
How big is the trunk?
what size are the dress? will they fit my 4 yr old daughter?
Does the "trunk" come flat or does it come assembled with the clothes inside?
im older and only had boys ,,will little girl who likes frozen enjoy this
Can a 6 year old who is a 7/8 in tops but a 6/6X in pants fit these dresses ?
why it does not say the size?
if my daughter is going to be 2 but is on the small size will this fit her?
Is it worth it even though the trunk is cardboard? Does it look cheap?
You need to remove the first question above that states this item comes WITH the 55 gallon drum, it does not and that is very misleadiing.
is it poseable
I am looking for the one limited to 500 that will be the New York Comic Con exclusive. Your ad mentions green hazmat AND blue hazmat suit.
Does it come with a drum and chemical bottles?
do they come with stand doll?
Hi, do you ship to the United Kingdom?
What is the weight of the package?
why is it so expensive when u can buy it cheaper from a differnt store
Are these full size dolls?
do they come with extra clothes?
what is the most weight this will hold?
Did you inflate this to a full 29" Diameter? Mine is about 1.5-2" shy of that but it seems pretty full. I don't want to pop it!
why are they not already blown up
But are they all yellow? Are you sure? If they are all yellow I will buy them all right now.
I need twenty yellow ones, do you have them?
What is the weight limit on this?
what color do these come in?
How many inches is this? and what height is a good height for it?
How tall are the figures?
What batteries these run on?
How tall are they ?
how tall are they?
Can you guarantee delivery by December 19th?
how big is the barrel?
What is the size of the container/product ?
This was a gift. My grandson poured it out on a wood table and it completely ruined the finish. What is in it?
is the price of this for just one small barrel of slime?
How,long does it last? Does it shred to pieces?
Does this set comes with LOTR poster?
Does it have all the pieces? Including the figures? Gandalf, Sarumon, etc
In the lego office website only sell for 199.99,why in Amzon288.99?
Do you ship to Australia?
does this have the 6-axis or 4 axis controler
Does this actually come with the camera and missile launcher? It is listed in the description, but not in the additional description.
I don't understand the trim buttons. You have two on the power side and two on the directional side. Which does which?
is it ready to fly?
flying time?
how far will it go/feet/yards-thx asap
Does the Transmitter come with this?
Does it ship to canada
How are the lights on the unit? Easy to see at night? How many lights does it have?
The blue light on the bottom stays on when I insert the memory disk, won't this run the battery down?
I am based in Singapore and want to purchase this but when I tried to check out it says that it is unable to ship to my destination?
What is the actual size or comparable product in cm or inches?
Que tama&ntilde;o posee este mu&ntilde;eco ? // which is the actual size of this product?
This one is Talking Monion?
What size are they?
Is the size too small for a 8 year old?
do you have adult sizes
Will the slippers fit a girl with shoes size 3?
Does this ship to Hong Kong?
I'm new to these girls, and they are so pretty!! What is Ever After High? Is it just the website, or a book series, tv series, movie? Just the dolls?
Is this doll the same model they sell at Justice? Is there anything special about this model which will be released in October?
they have made a few original versions of her doll does this doll have really curly hair like her original wave 1 or does she have Semi flat hair ?
they have made a few original versions of her doll does this doll have really curly hair like her original wave 1 or does she have Semi flat hair ?
Is this doll her original 2013 versions because they released another dol
Do The EAH dolls fit barbie's clothes?
I just wanted to know which doll this is, because the description says legacy day, but the images are of the first release Madeline. Thanks for the in
Is there a package set of the Everafter Dolls?
How tall is this doll?
Is she bffs we revenue queen
What are the keys for?
Is this doll the same height as a barbie doll?
Can you change the clothes on these dolls like you can on a barbie doll?
are ever after high dolls related to monster high dolls
WAHTS HER FAVROTECOLOR
Will the clothing for the Monster High dolls fit the Ever After high dolls?
Can you ship this product to Italy? How much would it be?
What is the back story on these dolls?
are these dolls like bratz dolls? in clothes and size?
Do you have the size 9? and will they fit an adult size 8 foot womens?
Does the adult size Boo Slippers fit someone who wears size 11 shoe (womens)
is this adult size or children's size?
My sun size is 34 what is the right size should I get for him ??
Is this size is UK or US?
My son is 4, wears a size 9.5 sneaker. What size do I buy? He has NO experience ice skating, is this a good beginner skate?
These two descriptions about size seem to contradict each other. My son wears a youth size 10 which should be a skate size 9, so which should I order
Where is it made? And where is it packaged? The old moonsand was made in Sweden &amp; packaged in China...
Is this the same as living sand? Do you know how they're different, other than the packaging?
How much do I need for a water table?
Can this sand be baked for crafts?
What are the dimensions of the 2.2 lb container? And do objects (e.g., castle, animal) built with Sand last or do they collapse?
Which brand of sand is better?
Does it come with the sandbox
what is the recommended age range for this product
How does this compare to its cheaper competitors, Kinect or Wacky sand? I would rather pay more if this product is better. Thank you!
Can the sand be sterilized in an oven? (working in a school, it's a bonus if it can be cleaned.)
Does this hiccup fit the Giant Fire Breathing Toothless? the one with 22" wingspan?
Does his prosthetic leg break easily or is it resistant?
Do the legs and knees bend on this figure?
There seem to be conflicting answers. Some say this Hiccup fits the mini toothless, while others say it fits the 22". Can someone please clarify?
Is there a mini dragon?
I need a 4" tall Astrid like this dragon riding Hiccup for our granddaughter. Do they exist?
Is this a 3" tall action figure? Does if fit in the dragons?
are they playabel gods?
Do they actually sell this thing with packs inside? Because i just recieved mines with no packs and getting back my refund!
do they have the effect god cards in here?
Does it have slifer the sky dragon
What are the changes of getting a god card
is it a paper play mat
does it come with the rules?
should I buy this
Can we request which mat we get?
Do they all come with the same mat?
Hi, do you have only the pen to sell? I bought 2 Ever After High Secret Hearts Password Journal with you and my daughter lost her pen. Thanks, Viviane
key won't unlock diary. Try a toothpick as well. any suggestions
can you use the key to open and lock the journal
Is the writing part of the journal small? What are the dimensions, and how many pages does it have?
What age group is ths for?
I would like to know if the item is in it's original package?
Will the journal have a secret compartment
how much will it cost ever after high diary with sending in Armenia
how many packs are included if i only buy one
does the package come with all five sealed packs
How many Cards in a booster pack?
Interested in buying multiple packs (8 or 10), is shipping per item or a set price? How much to ship to Va.?
Interested in buying multiple packs (8 or 10), is shipping per item or a set price? How much to ship to Va.?
Sorry to ask again, but is the shipping a one time paid or is it paid per item? If I buy 25 packs, will I pay 1.99 for shipping for all or 47.90?
If I buy multiple packs, will the shipping be adjusted properly or are they all $5 shipping?
The list price is .01 plus 4.49 shipping, so if I were to buy 2 items would it be .02 plus 8.98 shipping or would the shipping be cheaper?
Will it work with ipad mini?
What ages?
does it work with android / small tablets, i bought a small tablet called the mini pad and its small can i download the app and use it?
How do you keep it clean?
What model is the jumbo size to take an Ipad please
I'm confused, does it require a smart phone to work at all? or does a smart phone just supplement the toy?
Can a single device be used for multiple Uboolies? (not simultaneously, I mean does the app allow you to have profiles for multiple kids)
I have old iPhone 3S that's not being used.If I understand,it can download latest iOS from wifi to be used?Their iPhone is only phone they have so...
Will it work with an i pad mini?
Will the Samsung S4 fit?
Is there anyone that has actually purchased this toy (not been paid to leave a good review)? Interested in an HONEST review. Thanks!
What ages is the ubooly good for?
Will Ubooly work with my kids' Kindle Fire HD?
Does the smart phone have to be on a contract or will it work with wifi?
Would 7" android tablet fit and work?
does it work with iPod 4th gen
does this work with an ipod, if so what generations of ipod does it work with?
Does it fit with Iphone 5 and 6?
when you got this did it have a registration card inside the box to registrate you ubooly onto your ipod?
Does it matter if your left handed or right handed? to play Kendama
What ages is this good for? Is it too hard for a 5 year old??
is there a bottom cup
How do you play with it
Does this come with a extra string
I see there are smaller (5") and bigger Kendamas. Are some sizes easier to learn than others?
What's the difference in durability, performance and ease of use for unpainted vs painted ball?
Is there a hole on the other side so you can make it a right handed kendama?
How do you know you are buying a left handed or righthanded kendama
does this come with sleeves?
can someone give me the inside measurements of the front panel over-sized card compartment in three dimensions?
how large of a sleeved deck can each compartment contain? 60+? This seems perfect for tournaments to hold your deck, dice, and sideboard all together
are there cards and dices included?
Any experience with the box holding Star Ward LCG cards in sleeves and tokens?
Does it fit the jumbo Pokemon cards?
can the bottom compartment hold sleeved yugioh cards sideways?
What material is it made out of??
How many cards dose the side door hold ?
How many cards dose the side door hold ?
will this work on a DJI Phantom one
Is this transmitter a type 1 or 2?
Does this one gonna work with DJI Phantom F330 ?
What are the "plugs" on back of pvt581 txt for? Came with my fc40
This control works for DJi Phantom 1?
Will this work with DJI Phantom FC40?
Will this work with DJI Phantom v1.1.1?
Is this a 2.4 GHz or 5.8GHz transmitter?
Does this transmitter have the slider on the back for gimbal control?
Does this remote work with the Phantim Vision? (5.8G)
Can this game be used with the kindle fire 2nd generation?
Do the teleports work on the iPhone 4?
Will this work with a lap top computer? My son wants this really bad but I need to know what device will work with the telepods.
How do you play this game with Samsung Tab 2 10.1in? I downloaded angry bird star war II, but it doesn't work.
Can i use this game on a Samsung galaxy tab 3?
Can you set it up different ways? I'm worried once it's been knocked down a few times the kids won't be interested.
would it be suitable for a 5 year old?
Does it have a angry birds Star Wars 2 app content.
how many times can i use the telepods with the tablet
How do Telposz work.
Is the syringe kind of spring loaded? Does the thermometer have any readings on it, and does the stethescope use batteries?
does the blood pressure cuff spin around and inflate when pumped?
does the stethoscope make sounds? if so, what kind of sounds?
How big is the bag? Can you tell me the size, thank you.
Can anyone confirm where this one is made? China? Thanks.
Do the stethoscope and blood pressure cuff in this kit really work?
Does stethoscope work
Can I have it gift wrapped
how much does she weigh
is she little or a size of a real baby\
Does the baby doll look anything like the display Picture....i bought one of these before and was disapointed with the looks of it...
Can you touch her fingers without them being hard.In other words is she hard or soft?
How big is little grace
is she anatomically correct
Does she smell bad
What are some tips on caring for her
Are Her eyes glass or painted
can you put a pacifier in this dolls mouth
is she magnetic
My "Little Love Bug" Baby Doll does not turn her head from side to side and her arms and legs are not poseable as advertised. Is she defective?
I see the torso is made of cloth. Is it at least flesh-toned? I need this doll as a model. THanks
Are you able to sell to Brazil? I am interested but I need to be sure that I will receive the dool here in Brazil.
Hi. the body is silicon or tissue?
Why does the answer to the 3/4 arms and legs question say FULL and a reviewer says they are 3/4?
Are the arms and legs full or 3/4 vinyl?
what color are her eyes?
how much does she weigh
Is she a cloth body
does she fit a pacifier
is she weighted?
Is this a cloth baby?
does she look like the image
does she look like the image
dose hannah have soft skin
is the hair and eyelashes rooted or glued or painted on?
Hannah goes to grandmas this doll is cloth?
Dose the doll come with it
What size is her clothes?
What size does she wear in baby clothes
is her hair glued?
can she take a binky?
Does she have rooted hair? Also, does she have full length arms and legs?
The little peanut doll can she fit into other preemie clothes because we tried and it is two big on her.
Is the dolls stomach clothing?
How much clothes does she come with. I've seen people opening their boxes on YouTube and they seem to always give you a little something for buying do
what material is it? Can you bathe her
How much does she actually weigh?
Is she swishy
is the body cloth or vinyl?
can you use putty for the pacifiers
How much clothes does she come with. I've seen people opening their boxes on YouTube and they seem to always give you a little something for buying doll?
can you move her arms and legs like paradise galleries does?
Can you swap the figures body parts
do you have these toys
when will they come
where are they made
why do you package these so slow?
Is this the HD version ?
Hi- Does this come in the original box? Does it include all of the necessary tools (battery, remote, etc.)? Thanks!
Does this come with a battery?
Can I use rechargeable battery on the remote control?
is their any app that i can use to fly it with? If so can i view the camera on the app
Watched some demo videos on youtube. Looks like there's SD card. Is that right? Trying to figure out how he can display the recorded video. Thanks!
My son wants to get this for a school research project on drones. Has anyone used the camera function?
is this to advanced for an 8 year old
are you familiar with brookstones parrot drone? my son wants (10) but I hate to spend that much on a styrofoam toy; do you still like this one?
Roughly how long does it take to built this lego set?
I see it is the 2012 model but is the product itself year specific? Could I use this for the 2014 holiday season?
I want only the latest 2015 version and want to know is there any difference in the model for 2015 from older years 2014-2013 etc.
How much building is REALLY involved? I have someone who really enjoys the building aspect...so the regular sets might be better?
Are these Lego Mini figures the same type of figures that come in all the Lego sets? or are these those rubbery type of figures?
Can this keyboard output to a speaker/pa?
is this model compatible with 220v
Does this keyboard come with a stand?
Does this Keyboard come with a stand?
Does this keyboard able to connect with an IPad Air?
What model of stand works for the Yamaha YPT-240 keyboard?
what size of battery does it use? And how many batteries are required? Coz am planning to use this as portable piano! Thanks!
Does this have connectivity with the iPad Mini also?
Hello. I'm interested in how much weight Yamaha
Can you purchase a pedal to be used with this?
Will this void the warranty from DJI? Do you have a video proving it actually works and does not blow up the electronics?
I wonder if I can buy two adapters and connect 3 batteries?
Does the dual battery Y connector fit inside the copter and double the flight time?
Are the pedals on the front wheel locked, or free spinning? In other words, if the trike is in motion, are the pedals always spinning? Thanks!
does it come assembled?
Will the steering column lock when the push bar is used?
What is a good age range for this? My son is 1, is this too advanced?
What are the tires made of?
Weight Limit?
Would this board combo be good outdoors under a covered patio and be ok ??
Is the issue with the darts falling out with the steel or plastic tipped darts?
If the dart does not stick will it still give you score
Does bounce out mean
Can this dartboart run on batteries, or just AC plug in?
Hi, I am assuming this includes the diary and Webarella comic along with the sealed doll set, correct? Is the mini power ghoul comic incl. as well?
the box is not pictured. does it come with the box??? Thank you, grandparents in GA
Why is she so expensive?
Why is it so expensive?
What is SDCC?
Hi, on your picture doll is with red earrings and black bracelet on the right upper hand, it is how she is in your box?
why is so expensive?
Is there any way to request colors? I have two grandsons and would need one green and blue or black.
Can you take them out of the fishbowl and play with it in the bath tub?
Do you get the fish and fish bowl together for $6.84?
do yoou have to use special tank or can you use regular fish tank
What size is the fish bowl?
Can you put more than one fish in the bowl?
Bowl looks so small. would a regular fish bowl work?
what's the battery life play once? thanks!
Can you change the batteries, if so what kind do they take? About how long have they lasted if you can not?
Can I choose to have a pink or orange fish and a blue fish if I buy 2? Thank you
Does this minion say "beedo beedo"?
So how tall is it? The listing doesn't say anywhere. Are these a 2" tall series, like most others?
I don't see how these little figures could cost even $20, but almost $50 for the one with the speaker? Why is this?
Does this figure speak in any way? Does it make any "Beedo, Beedo" type sounds like in the movie?
Hi, is this one posable?
Does it have retail packaging box? Thanks
is it in a original packing? or comes only the figure?
is it in a original packing? or comes only the figure?
After replacing batteries, my fish doesn't swim level, it's always swimming at the bottom with it's head pointed down. Any ideas? Is it waterlogged?
When mine came, the magnet that goes on the plastic tail grip was off. Since the problem is internal, how can I fix that?
Does this set have 5 fish or just 1? The image shows 5 so just wanted to clarify before buying it.
How do you make them dive and change directions?
We have two whose tails have now gone down the drain. Are there replacement tails?
Can i get several different colors?
how many do you get.
is the battery replaceable in this item?
is this robofish a good buy? i choose to use it at the pool
We'd like to put one in our aquarium. How long will the battery last?
can we get a replacement train. ours broke on the second day.
Can a toddler also push the cars over the tracks if they prefer it to it being motorized?
What pieces are missing in the set that would allow it to be a full-loop? Lots of reviews say something about needing an extra red corner piece...?
Hi,I found the product weight is 2.1pound. Why the ship weight is 9.6 pound? Is it exact weight? What is the exact shipping weight.
what age?
How easy is this to take a part and put together? our house is small so it would have to be taken down and put together every time we play with it.
What other smart wheels vehicles can be used with this track? Are there anymore train cars that I can purchase separately?
For multiple play, could one use Matchbox or Hot Wheels cars on the tracks? (I know the special sounds and such would not trigger. Just hoping they could go down some of the ramps.)
Does it really come with batteries?
Where do the batteries go for the tower? My kids love these sets but the cars go through batteries very quickly.
I have the hak635c helicopter. The crash doesn't have the peice I broke. How do I order the main shaft for the propellers?
i need to know how man inches are the blades?
what size are these ,how many inches from tip to eyelet?
Could you send me measurements for the main rotors? I have an HAK-448 with a chipped rotor, but cannot find replacement parts.
Why is it so expensive, and does it come with pieces?
Is the 5-6 player size big enough for seafarers?
When did $250 become a reasonable price?
Is this Tim the bean bag version?
how to wash it?
Where was this product made?
Does he talk?
My almost 9 yr. old daughter has shown an interest in archery. Would this be a good product to get her started, or should I look at something more?
Does this work for a left handed person?
Why don't they make a bow like this for a boy? My grandson is 5 yrs. old and this seems to be a better bow than the other's for his age.
does it come with a target?
the Nerf Dart Refill Pack Rebelle $ 5.73 are also sold by you and those you include them in the same box This item: Nerf Bow Rebelle Heartbreaker (Vine Design) $ 15.79 if you buy them together,
does it last?
is it good for boys
what are the darts made out of?
What age group is this Bow for?
Do any of the Rebelle Bows come with a target?
Is the cost the same if the frame is shipped to Colombia, South America?
Does it come with a battery mounting tray?
Can anyone tell me is 13 inch blades will fit this frame? I have a set of 350kv motors burning a hole in my pocket to use!
Does this quadcopter come with the folding landing gear as shown in photo? Exactly like photo?
Are all the extra parts needed available in the U.S.?
Where will this unit be shipped from and what will be the wait time,best shipping to me 76049 area USA??
how long is the belt?
I searched for our Inglis dryer belt part 5ph2337 and this is one of them that came up will this work? We have a Inglis dryer
Will this fit my GE front load dryer #DCVH515GFOWW?
My Maytag PYE2300AYW calls for this same # (341241). Will this fit?
My dryer model number is eed4400wq0, will this belt fit ?
have a whirlpool LAI5501 that calls for a 348985 belt, will this fit?
Will this fit Maytag Performa dryer model?
Will this fit my maytag dryer pye2000ayw?
Fit a Whirlpool Dryer LGQ8000JQ1?
Will this fit a Kenmore dryer model number is 7208701G
Hi, I have a Kenmore Gas Dryer mod # 110.76912693. Can this motor be used for my dryer?? Thanks
Is this motor compatible with Whirlpool model GGQ8821LL0?
will this motor fit a kenmore model # 41784042500 ?
I'm confused, is this the one in the picture or a knock off from China? Reviews imply both!
Will this replace maytag part w10194250; s58nxnzk-6925
Does this replace a part# 3391888?
WILL IT WORK FOR MY DRYER MODEL NO LGR3624EQO
I have a kenmore model 110.66812690 series 80 is this the correct motor?
Will this work in my Neptune Dryer model # MDG7500AWW ?
I'm looking for a Maytag motor the model on the motor is s58nxmmy-6739 the dryer model is pye2200ayw well this one fit my dyer
Do I need to order a seperate case to hold everything or does this come in a case?
how often do you restock on rubberbands
why so expensive!
does it have a loom
what age is this appropriate for? I have a 6 1/2 year old daughter who loves crafts
Is this item a counterfit or original rainbow loom?
What color is the plastic loom?
how can you tell if it is a fake on amazon
Why doesn't Amazon respond to dozens of customers' complains that they are selling a counterfeit product?!?!
Would a five year old girl like this
Is there anything wrong with the controls and is the tank already built or do I have to assemble it?
Does this tank shoot said soft rounds.
Does it come with a controller?
How many FPS is the airsoft gun on the tank?
Can it drive on rough terrain?
Why the shipping weight is 4 pounds if the package only contains 4 x Bracket accessories (2pcs Flat + 2pcs Curved) 4 x 3M VHB4991 adhesives.
Are these re-usable?
i see some comments saying they do not come with 3m Brand VHB tape? are the pictures for the product accurate or falsely advertised?
It is useful for a gopro Hero3+ black edition standar housing?
can these be used for the Gro Pro Hero?
can you use with the Emerson Go Action video camera?
Are these pads waterproof?
Does it come with the mat?
Does every pack have a god card?
is it likely to pull a god card?
has anyone pulled god cards
Can you put in your own CD's or does it just play the ones that come with it? Can the microphones be detached?
Is it also electric?
what age is this for?
Does this machine has songs built into it or do you have to use CDs?
does it have an adapter//
Which DC 9 volt jack adapter do I order for this Kidzland CD player?
Is it possible to have parental control for the volume?
is it good for a 3 and 5 year old?
Does it have a place to plug in if headphones or can u even get them for it?
Does it have a place to plug in if headphones or can u even get them for it?
cant run but one batterys worth of flying time...should you have to let a brand new copter cool off between battery changes,or is my main motor going bad?
Which version (i.e. "V1" or "V2") of the WL Toys' V911 is this based on?
to change a broken horizontal stabilizer on the tail,do you have to unsolder the wires to the tail motor,or can you do it without unsoldering them?.
I just got mine, I can't get the weapons to fit in his hands... is there some kind of trick to this or is mine built incorrectly?
Have we as consumers been lied to or at the very least misled? We are being told these codes will not be available for Next Gen.
what size is this action figure?
Will this code only work on one system? For example, I am getting the Xbox 360 version of Black Flag, but will be upgrading to the Xbox One version.
Would you have to open the box in order to redeem the unlockable game content code?
are these ggod cards
Do you think this would work for a 6 year old?
Does it come with the card Deoxys-EX?
are there any trainer cards included?
How many cards are in the tin?
How many cards are Pokemon? Usually a pack has more trainer cards. Is there a coin that comes in the tin?
4 packs + the card in the window?
Does this tin include any cards?
Can you send to Brazil - zip 22071-000? If is possible how much?
how big is this doll?
hello can you ship to France ?
Hi. Do you ship Disney Pixar Cars Star Wars Complete Set to Brazil? What
this cars roll?
This is the new model, which brings 6-axis? comes in its original packaging? the transmitter is the one with the 2 modes, just like the picture?
What are the camera's specs? Still resolution? Video resolution? Video frame rate?
what is the largest battery i can use? and does this have brushless motors? if not are there brushless motors available that will work for this copter
does this have a gyro, or just 6 axis stabilization?
Are the parts interchangeable between the v959and the v222?
Hello, The transmitter is the one with round control button on lower right of the transmitter?
What are the dimensions of this model? I don't seem to see them listed anywhere...
did this include the camera?
Is this product 1) comparable to, 2) better or 3) inferior to the Rainbow Loom?
Is it fun
does it include the clips to hold it together
does it contain any hazards material such as Latex, what is the origin for this product China?
how do you do it? I can't figure it out
What is the difference between this kit and the less expensive kit also called Cra-Z-Loom, but doesn't say "Shimmer 'N Sparkle"?
Is the middle row in loom removable?
Do the Cra-Z-Art work?
does it come with the loom and hook
You state 'Standard (18-26 business days)' but then estimate delivery for '2 days time', which is correct?
how big is it?
Does its head move?
does this figure come stuffed or just hard plastic
Can it be used with Lego pieces?
How tall is this item?
What accessories does it come with? is it in a package?
Does the chest actually open?
How many blocks TOTAL can you make with this set? Is it worth buying vs. printing them yourself?
How tall are the trees? Need something as a cake topper and wondering if some of these pieces would work. Thanks!
How many figures come in the box aside from the "blocks" ?
what's the ages for this ?
What are the sizes of everything on the Amazon scene?
How much it weighs ?
What is the paper tape for?
is the chest life size
How many pieces does this craft make? I'm thinking of buying for a craft at a bday party with 12 boys, aged 10. Will one package be enough?
I am thinking of piecing these out to put in my sons valentines for his classmates. The envelopes are 2.5" x 4.5". Would any these pieces fit?
Could these be glued together? Or is there no need?
Are these on the same scale as the minecraft core action figures?
how big is each sheet? mesurments
Would these be able to hold m&amp;m's inside? I was thinking of using them as small favor boxes filled w/ m&amp;m's
how small/ big are the toys? planning to have it as table centerpiece during my son's birthday? would it be too small? thanks
Are there instructions on each piece? I'm thinking of piecing this out for party favors
Can these be used as a cake topper?
No! Not excellent! I never received it!!!
How big is this doll?
is this doll is 9" or 5"
What size is the doll?
I like it is tha doll talks
What is The Upgraded Hubsan X4 H107L transmitter control distance?
What charger would you use to charge the batteries for this copter (w/o overcharging them -- which we've done)
How big is the camera viewer on the screen? Is it HD? Is it in color? If not, what is a better camera?
how big is it?
is the battery replaceble
Can you tell me what the overall size is? Are you happy with the product.
How long does it stay good for? My sons bday is the 26 th? I don't want to order it too early or too late
what size is it
how long does it take to gwet it delivered?
I just bought the Sponge Bob Square pants edible topper does the topper melt into the cake so when you cut it or eat it, it does not come off the cake
what size is it , will it fit a half sheet cake
Can you put the toppers on the day before the event?
is this cake topper big enough for a sheet cake
What as size cake should it ho on?
How long will it keep?
how big is this edible image?
how many minifigures do you get
Do I get this female scientist or just a randon minifigure?
Why the overnight price change from $2.50 to $3.19 on 11/9-11/10? I had 15 in my cart for party favors. Now I can't afford them. I'm ticked.
is it 11 figures? or just one?
I want to buy multiple orders, but shipping seems to be per piece. can i combine shipping?
how many pieces do i receive per order?
How many bags do you receive per order? These retail in store $2.99/bag. I don't see it mentioned anywhere if this is one bag or several for $7.90.
Hi, these are 2.99 in retail stores. Why are these so much on Amazon? Just saying..
Does this bike steer?
would it easily fit in a suitcase when disassembled? we are wondering about purchasing it in the u.s. and taking it home with us overseas.
i need the bike to be sent in a plastic wrap with yhe invoice istuck to it with tape could you send it packed like this? if so i&acute;llbuy it today
How many cards are there in this deck?
Do all of the box sets contain the same cards?
Does this deck have alot of good white cards
what is the difference between the black and the red one other than color?
won't go a inch of the ground and out of contral
how long does the batteries last
Does this R/C helicopter have multiple frequencies so that more than one can be flown at a time?
would a 15 year boy like this product
How high does it fly
How big is it?
Can you buy extra batteries for this Air Hogs Helix x4 quadcopter and switch them out after one loses power?
how much does it weigh
What type of GLUE is best to glue the foam back together?
2 Questions 1. Can it fly outside, Because With my rc helicopter i took it outside and i havnt seen it sense? 2. Is it Easy for a beginner?
how long to charge? how long does it fly?
what is the product made out of is it Styrofoam
what is the product made out of is it Styrofoam
can i do flips by only using the joysticks
How long will it take to charge for the first time.?..I have been charging through USB for 4 hours and red light still has not gone out??
Does yours start and then shut off within 5 sec?
How to fix or replace propeller on "Atmosphere"?
how does it works
Our on/off switch broke on the atmosphere the FIRST time we turned it on. ARGH! Anyone know how to turn it on without? Nothing we try works.
is this model for indoor use only?
what does it mean by searching light??
Outdoor use?
does anyone know how to get the memory card out? Not evident on my helo.
Has it got a Cam?
Can it hold up outdoors
I can't seem to find anything about if indoor or outdoor. If outdoor suitable, how does it do?
what do you upload the videos to?
can you fly this outside?
how long does the battery last
Can you fly this without the camera installed? If so, is it very similar flight to the non-camera model?
Should the light be on when it is charging? This is our third plane we have had charging problems.
do You know can I buy a transfer data cable for my syma S107C?
should i buy battery separately?
How high does it fly ? Is it good for a house with a 9ft high ceiling ?
Is this a real Syma? I see in the reviews that the yellow ones sold on Amazon might be a counterfeit.....
How long does the built in battery in the helicopter last? And is the helicopter durable?
should buy an additional battery since the battery appears to only last 7 to 10 minutes and requires 45 minutes to recharge?
how much time does it flight? and how long you charge it?
CAN THE HELICOPTER BATERY BE REPLACED ?
Can I fly it outside?
How high does it fly?
is there a repair kit included?
OK, I am first time RC Helicoptr owner, so I have a beginner's question. Now that I have it, do you screw down the helicopter blades before using?
missles - do they missiles work?????
Does the remote control have a joy stick. Wondering what the remote looks like, wish that was pictured. Thanks.
Is it appropriate for a five year old?
Does the helicopter charge from the transmitter/remote control ?
Can it be flown outside
What type of lithium battery does it need and how long do they last?
I see it requires batteries, what kind? (It says batteries not included)
Is it infer red controlled or radio frequenced?
Can I fly outside with it?
Would it be able to handle the weight of a GoPro? Or could a piece of the body be removed to compensate for the GoPro's weight?
what is the difference between 109g and 107g model?
Will this accept a charger used for the Syma S107/S107G ?
What is the minimum volt output or max output of a wall charger? Would a Iphone plug work?
does this come with remote?
Is this okay for a 3 yr old?
How do I make this helicopter fly forward and backward rather than just up and down?
where is the on/off switch on the heli
Where does a beginner get instructions or a user manual?
Does this come with it's own remote controller and can you charge it with the USB port ?
i just opened this helicopter, and the propelers are all wobbly and all 4 of them fall over to the side. is this normal?
Does it come with a remote and charger?
does it come with a USB charger port as advertised?
What's the battery flying time?
is it metal
Are any models suitable for a 4 year old boy?
can you purchase spare battery 19.2v
does this charge through the controller or through usb? is the controller fully functional/ Thanks
Any extra part is in the box with S111G Helicopter ?
My battery needs replaced after only about 20 flights. Is that typical?
does it have lights
What type and how many batteries does it require?
How big is this? It says minin but I'm looking for approximate dimensions.
how do i get a replacement transmitter?
I bought two and they are on the same frequency band, so they won't fly simultaneously. Is there a way to change the frequency band?
My S102G crashed and now the tail motor wont work when I go forward, only on reverse. have you had a similar problem?
using USB charge, the USB plug red LED is ways on. saying full charged, but turn Heli on, no LED lights up.
when I trun helicopter on, should LEDs on top of it lite up? I saw them blink once, but never again.
does this charge through the controller or through usb? is the controller fully functional/ Thanks
why does it not charge
To which S.H. Godzilla figure(s) it this one to scale?
What size batteries does this take? The instructions are in Japanese and I can't find a battery number.
how big is it
How much movement do the arm tentacles have?
did it come with batteries???
does this have a camera
CAMERA 720P
do I need to purchase a separate battery to use this? Also does the protection ring come with this item?
does this come with a mode 2 transmitter
what games is on it
why does it only have 1.20 gb and 0.98 Gb when its supposed to at least have 4gb?
Good evening friend, my son touch his contixo model LA701 table and wanted to know if by chance you were selling the parts and as I would come out. I
Google Play looks to be loaded, but seems to require I download "Google Play Services" and all I get is Error # 921. Need Support.
can u download music and videos to tablet?
is in English or it adapan games to Spanish?
Where is the on switch and how do I unlock it?
How long does shipping take?
Is my 9 year old son too old for this?
Can you download kindle apps and games such as temple run etc?
what happens when the boat gets full of water? Is it possible to overcharge the battery?
is it worth buying?
Neither battery will charge. what do I do?
does it realy have a lipo battery and a extra
How do you recharge battery do you need to buy a charger
where can i get a parts list?
Boat stops working after running hard for a few minutes. If I take it out of the water for a minute, it works again. What's up with that?
I ordered 2 boats and one of the remotes operates both boats. Should we be able to operate multiple boats at once?
If I order 2 will they be able to be operated at the same time in the same pond?
How long does it run and how long doe it take to recharge????
I see Zoomer is rated one of the best presents this year. Reviews are all over the place, should I get this for my 6yo GD?
I know Zoomer is recommended for ages 5 and up, but up to what age? Would a 9 year old enjoy this toy?
Can more than one person teach zoomer tricks without resetting him?
Is zoomer a good dog
Can he roll on carpet?
how do you charge it? Batteries or plug?
my zoomer can not charge up? why?
Can anyone tell me which phone chargers are compatible with Zoomer? Iphone cube? Blackerberry? Thank you!
Can it work on carpeted floors?
Is the Zoomer you are offering this year's model? Your description is a bit different than what I have been reading.
what is the weight limit?
Why is this smaller/shorter length then the original Step 2 Coaster? Does it make any difference?
Is this a better choice than the step 2 rollercoaster
Is it electric, can you use it on the concrete without the tracks?
Is this track easy to assemble and disassemble? I would like to be able to store it away when it is not being used.
Is it easy to put the train back up after going down? Or will parents need to re-set the train each time after going down.
How safe is this toy? I have three boys ages 6, 4 and 2. They are all under 50 pounds.
Can we buy more track for longer rollar coaster?
Is there extra track for it?
As Thomas comes off the tracks, will the car continue on if it is being played with on carpet?
Anyone get a residue on hands after playing w/bears? Bought from 2 different sellers and same issue.
is it machine washable? any that are?
Is the light brown an orangey-tan color? I'm looking for one similar to the bear in a book. Does it shed? Description says it's under-stuffed to make it more cuddly. Is the bear thin or substantial to hug? Trying to decide between this &amp; the Gund...
What sort of eyes does it have? I want something with eyes that are not a hazard forma a baby.
Where did you create this doll?
Will it go 88 MPH?
Does it include the figures?
how large is it assembled?
why is SHIELD spelled wrong?! is it that way in the movie?
i see 3 different time machine models, does this kit allow you to build all three or just one?
I just assembled it and I couldn't figure out what to do with a big orange strip that comes in. There's no reference on manual too. Anyone?
Are the wheels on hinges so that they can tilt to face downward, or does the wheel assembly have to be changed to reorient the wheels?
What age is this appropriate for
Why is this so expensive when it was like $35 at the Lego store?
What's with the life preserver?
What is the difference between the regular tenzi pack (~$14) and this party pack? Are there extra sets of dice?
What is the mm size of the dice?
are instructions included in party pack?
Are the colors in the 4 player game the same as the party pack? Can you be sure you wont be duplicated?
can just 3 or 4 play with the party pack?
Is there anything unique about the Tenzi dice? If a person has multiple colors of 10 dice sets, can you play Tenzi?
We received this game as a gift and it is great fun, but the dice REEK of gasoline. Has anyone else had this problem? Considering throwing them out.
We received this game as a gift and it is great fun, but the dice REEK of gasoline. Has anyone else had this problem? Considering throwing them out.
Are the challenge cards included with the dice?
What's the objective of the game?
The item weight is stated as 3 pounds while the shipping weight is stated as 10 pounds. Is the shipping weight over-stated?
The website show me the the shipping weight of Despicable Me 2 9-inch is 10 pounds. What is the shipping weight actually?
Hi! Is Dave made of a hard plastic or does he have a pliable/ rubbery shell?
does it have battery inside? Very important to me for shipping matters
Comes in box?
is this the newest version? Released in 2014?
its original package? do they have the hard plastic box cover the minion?
Hi, is it the COLLECTOR&rsquo;S EDITION, if so, do you ship to Hong Kong?
Can you ship this to Australia and how much would it cost total please?
Special packaging to protect the eye area do?
Can the pots and utensils be stored underneath the stove?
Is this product made of real wood or MDF?
Thinking about getting this for my daughters' wheelchair tray..what is the height from the bottom to the "grill surface?"
What diameter are the cook pots?
I bought this set 1 month ago. The handle for the soup ladle fell off. Where can I get a replacement?
What is the width (front to back) please?
with what devices are supported??
I'm reading about an app to coordinate with this...but, I looked in the App store and could not find it. Help?
Are they actual cars that a 4 yr old can just zoom across the floor? I don't want something that he needs a computer to play with them.
which cart is exclusive to this set?
Can these karts be used in the Angry Birds launcher?
this car has real wheel? my boy can play in the floor, wall, etc and the wheels will run? or it's only decorative wheels?
Can these Karts be used with the launcher and ramp from the Jenga sets?
Is it for 4 year olds or older?
Do karts have to be teleported each time you play Angry Birds Go!
Can the cars be imported into two different iPads that share an iTunes account but not Rovio accounts (so different game saves)?
How does this work if you don't have to plug into a computer? Do you have to have their Computer running to use this?
does it work on an apple mac
How do I fix the following error: Make sure the Chaos Key is plugged in and then run the program again. Error: 3087. This worked one time.
How long does it take to recharge? How long will it fly on a charge?
where do u get the vidoe feed from a card or can it be live feed
Can the camera of this copter tilt down to take pictures and video on better angle?. Thanks.
are they the newest model and do they come in colors
What is the camera picture resolution and can you take single pictures?
What's the range on this copter? How high can it go?
What is the Amazon Number for a spare battery?
Does it come with a joystick controller or is this phone / tablet controlled?
is there a different charger for this model so i don't have to carry a computor around?
what is the range for this quad?
Is it 3G/4G built in? Slots for Sim? Can I use it as a cell in Japan? Would anyone know?
How long does the battery last while watching netflix?
What would you say an appropriate age for this unit would be
Can I purchase an extended warranty? Thanks!
What kind of charger is needed for this tablet?
can i use a google play gift card for this tablet
The whole tablet changed colors on me and are not clear. It appears that the red has gone away. How do you change it back?
Can you get a new screen? My daughter dropped hers and the screen cracked, I am looking to get a new screen.
Does this come with AC power cord?
Does this unit shut down automatically when battery is fully charged?
Is this a smart charger
What's the highest lipo it will charge?
how long does it take to charge
would this charger charge a 3 cell 5400mah 11.1 volt venom battery? and what other connectors if needed would i need?
Can this charge more than one battery pack at a time?
Does it charge from a 12 volt auto battery?
does this come with all you need to use it
Does anyone know if you can use this with a real soccer ball? Or will it be too hard and break the toy/device?
what are the dimensions of the toy?
Is it the type of thing I can fold back up into the box after use? Thinking of leaving it at Grandmas? Or flying home with it in suitcase? Thx u!
What is the ball that comes with it made of? Is it inflatable like a beach ball or foam like a nerf or something else?
How many batteries and what size
What are the shipping dimensions?
Ok, so the product doesn't fold? It ships flat?
What age group and range
How tal are the figurines?
if you bought at the regular price and now on sale can you get credit for the regular pricefigures
are this 6 inches?
Will this set be re-released again at a cheaper price than it is currently going for?
Appropriate for what ages?
do you have thrust ratings for this unit?
is there any way you could make this work from a wall outlet. Say for a diy extreme laptop cooling pad?
What size (amp rating) ESC do I need with this motor?
can this be used in a quadcopter like device as primary lift
Hey, just wondering if the fan has a brushless motor or a brush motor. Also wondering what the voltage is on this particular unit. Thanks
Hi, want to confirm that this ducted fan unit is only the fan unit, no motor is included. Is that correct?
Can you fit the pickaxe and sword's that come with the set in the chest?
are you doing serious 2.3.4.5 and 6 for minecraft
Could this set be used as a cake topper?
Does this connect with Legos?
Taking a guess for a gift for my 6 yr old grandson who loves Minecraft, is this a good choice?
Are these minifigures or the next size?
Do these work with the papercraft sets?
how big are the figures?
would this be appropriate for an 7-8 year old boy?
Can you tell me how many inches Steve is? I'm hoping he isn't smaller than all the other figures from the series.
Is the doll plastic?
Can this doll withstand combing of hair by a 3 year old?
Are the accessories removable (shoes, tiara)?
Where can I buy clothes that actually fit these dolls?
is the body soft?
does the doll sing the"Let It Go" song
how tall are these dolls?
Does this version also sing and talk?
how tall is this doll??
Will I receive the same exact Anna doll that is in the picture with long braids and the blue dress?
is this a plush or hard doll?
what is the height of this elsa toddler doll? is it 14.7?
does it break?
how heavy the doll in its box?
Is this the snow doll that sings and her dress lights up?
How tall is she?
Did anyone else's doll not come with the curly ringlets in the front of her head on the right and left?
Is the body hard or soft? My daughter wants something that could be put in the tub with her if she wanted.
size
Does the attached scanner do anything?
Is this a cash register toy or only an app?
I have the app but can I play without it ... I mean without the I pad
can it be used with the ipad air? I purchased the digital makeover and it can not.
Can it be used with a mini iPad?
a few of my cats love it, my question..the "tail" part has already broken off 2 days after Christmas, is there a replacement part available for this?
I just bought the cats meow. I put in the new batteries I bought but it will not turn on.
Is this a newer version of the Undercover Mouse toy? They look identical.
where do the batteries go? I took out the screw from the back compartment as directed but nothing opens. What part is supposed to open?
replacement part
I have the batteries in but when I push the button nothing happens. Do you have to wind it up or something?
Does this have various speeds?
Where can I buy a replacement for the wand that goes around with the red tail.My cats broke it off and we fixed it once
Has anyone experienced the toy not starting with new batteries?
Are there replacement nylon covers available seperately ?
? Size/ height of dollhouse
Where did u find English instructions for putting together the T&amp;LOL Large Alice dollhouse kit? I have looked everywhere and I can't read Chinese!
Does come with all of the things?
what makes the lights work
What kind of batteries?
how do you get it to sit on the little perch
Does it chirp when off the perch?
How Lifelike Is It?
I ordered perfect polly but cannot open the VERY tiny screw to put batteries in it. cannot find a screw driver anywhere to open screw.
does it poop?
Does it talk to you as you talk to it
are batteries included?
How many ounces a can?
can you tell me how many of each color is included in this case looking for a majority of particular colors to coordinate with party
What size cans?
will it damage the tree? is this better than puting a bolt through a limb?
So what is the 60 inch part? Does it come with a 60 inch rope?
How do I get the strap around the tree limb? Do I have to slip it over the limb? Or can the strap be opened and then closed around the limb?
Do you need two or just one for a heavy duty one person swing? (My son is making the swing for me, heavy duty although I weigh 105 lbs)
Are there any straps that are longer? Our limb is a double limb, 75 inches total. thanks.
What is the weight capacity for the strap/hook? We are hanging a hammock swing for an adult.
How does the a rope (not a chain) attach to this strap?
We have a tree with a branch that is not perfectly horizontal to the ground. Is this a problem for the strap, will it slip?
Do you need a swivel with this to hang a tire swing? thank you
what is weight capacity?
Do the straps open so you can put it around a branch or do you have to slide it on the branch?
Are the hooks rust-proof? What's the metal used - want to make sure they don't rust outside?
Hi, are these 36 inches end to end, or 36 inches when folded? (72 inches end to end0
Would these endure harsh winters if left on the branch all year or should they be removed?
How do I put the actual rope on the hooks? I bought the thirty six inch hanging straps and the red roped adult swing.
does the strap open so you can attach it around the branch or do you have to pass the strap/loop through the very end of the branch? too high for me.
How does this work with chains on the swing instead of rope?
Does this product have a weight limit?
how do you attach the loop to the tree branch?
Can you adjust the lengths? We have an angled branch, and will need to have one strap hang higher than the other to make the swing even.
What is required other than transmitter and assembly to be rtf
how big is it from rotor to rotor ?
I was wondering if those who assembled this had to use additional wire. The ESC leads are only ~3 inches and don't reach the motors.
Could this carry the weight of a GoPro?
What is the required battery? The Battery plug is one that I am not familiar with.
do this cuadcopter came with fligth controller
what kind of receiver have i to use to fly this cuadcopter
Does it have a remote and a transmitter?
Has anyone tried it with a 4S LiPo? Thanks
My x525 is flying in circles I already calibrated de ESC and the YAW , any suggestions?
Can I go from forward to reverse without pause? Need it for rock crawling?
Anyone every tried one with a 5S lipo just to see if it could take it? 20v. If not, no need to reply. Thank you
Does it come with the Deans plug as shown?
does this esc have a lipo cutoff?
What is the max continuous amp draw for this esc?
I plugged it in and get a flashing red light with no power, help? Also how to get it to LiPo mode?
This esc is for use on crawlers?
Does this game have multiplayer mode?
is it like in the indiana jones lego or star wars when you push L2 or R2 it can switch between characters?
what PS4 digital code do? is this mean you can use different PS4 and loan the game to play on-line with the digital code? the digial code cost double
Does it have spanish subtitles?
Is the game just in english or also in german?
I am disabled and I want to make sure I can play this game, can someone please tell me the button layout for the ps4 version...
Does it have 2 player mode, i mean can 2 players play with two controllers at the same time, on same ps4 (i dont mean online)
does this game have audio in spanish ? does this game need internet access at all ?????
is there city free play
Can this game handle 1 - 4 players using 4 shock controllers?
does it have flippers?
I can't decide if the sound on mine is broken or if the "sound" is just the ball hitting the plastic. Are there real sound effects?
What age is this appropriate for? Would a 3.5 year old like it? The age description here says 4 months to one year, which I don't think is correct...
What is the size.......is it hand held or table top
Does the ball spring off the pins like a real pinball machine or does it just run into it?
is there a sound volume
DO I HAVE TO BUY AN AIR PUMP?
Who manufactures it?
How many kids can be inside the playland at the same time?
My niece is three years old, would this be a good gift idea or is she too old too enjoy it?
What balls go best with this ball pit? It needs more than just the 20 it came with.
I see the dimensions but how high and wide is it exactly
Why it is saying available for pre order?
When will it release?
Hi if I bought two would shipping be combined?
When this figure will be released??
Does this come with everything needed to attach/operate the camera? I already have a GoPro so want to make sure I don't need anything else.
My Blade 350 QX can't get a GPS signal with my GoPro recording half the time and when it does the flight is erratic sometimes looses GPS why?
Where is the Blade manufactured? and has this company been around a long time?
does it come with the controller
How many minutes of flight time per charge?
Will be flying at our mountain cabin -- 7,500 ft -- with the Go Pro mounted? Is this going to work, and if yes, battery time?
What controller does It come with? Am I better off buying the BNF and separate better controller?
Does it come with a radio
IS there anyone who know if there is an AC electric charger for the battery?
Does it have 2.0 firm ware?
Will the controller I already have from the NanoQX. work with the 350QX BNF? If so will it bind to both so I can alternate it's use?
Does the included camera mount fit the new GoPro Hero 3+?
I have a new qx 350 and the blinking light went out but all the other lights work and it won't start up if I replace that light will it work.?
Will a Spektrum DX5i work with the blade350 bnf?
will my Spektrum DX6I radio work with the 350 QX
What is the difference between BNF and RTF?
Does this unit come with a battery?
Does this model have the 2.0 Firmware upgrade that the Hobby Zone model has?
Is this the upgraded model with no gopro wifi interference ?
Controller?
How long is the mini suppose to stay on? It only stays on for me for less than a minute before it shuts off.
what type/size batteries does it take?
what is the size exactly
I'm new to the "loom bracelet thing" but I bought a bracelet loom for my daughter and want some extra bands for it. Will these work with any loom?
what are some colors that are included? do they break easily?
Which clips are best - C or S?
Are they C clips or S clips?
what is the weight limit
so the car can remote control and toddler control as if he is driving??
I wil purchase this item ONLY if it comes wih a parental remote control..The review indicate that there is NO parental remote control. Please verify.
What age is this car for?
will it work on grass?
What is the weight restrictions? Is this a 6v or 12 v?
How fast can the car go, and is the seat adjustable?
Are the wheels made of rubber?
How good is the steering control?
how long are the cars ?
How long does the charge last?
How long did yours last?
what if I want a blue color, how do I request for that.
How smooth are the wheels? Do they have bearings?
Is the speed adjustable/variable with the remote control or do the cars just have a single speed? Thank you in advance for your help.
can i choose what one i want
Can hold a gopro
I want to get this for my husband as a gift. What batteries and charger do I need?
Does this plane come with flaps and retracts?
I've never flown a plane what do you recommend? I have become very good at my blade msr x and my mqx. Thanks in advance
Does this come with a transmitter? If not what do you recommend?
Does this include a battery?
I noticed that the main image is of thunderstone and not the actual product, but the small thumbnails are the actual product but hard to see. Are there any larger pictures of this product?
How many sleeved cards can it fit?
So, does this newer version hold, say, all 4 base games and the expansions for the first 3? cause my friend owns all the games.
Are the older style box still available?
So is this the box that comes with 200 sleves?
What type of paint/paint process did you use on the model in the picture above for the C-17A?
what size is it,1:48?
What is the wingspan and the length of the C-17A
Do the stairs go in on the plane
can you use regular nerf darts with it?
Would it pop a helium balloon?
is this the newest bow with the arrows that whistle?
Is this easy to fire, or is it hard to pull back the string? Will it work for a 5-year-old and 3-year-old?
what age is this for
Is the bow operated with some sort of trigger action, or do you actually release the string?
Will the kids be able to knock down, say a stack of aluminum cans or anything with this? Wondering how strong the arrows are and how much force...
Anyone know where to get replacement arrows for the N-Strike Blazin Bow?
What is the maximum useful altitude? We live at 7,500 feet and most flying toys do not work properly
What is the suggested age ?
one propeller isnt working what should i do
Has anyone found a way to put a better battery in this for longer flight times?
I set up the copter according to the instructions. I turn on the copter, then the remote. Nothing happens. Any help?
which is the maximum time that can fly before reloading and how long it takes to charge it.
Where can I find replacement parts? I broke an arm for one of the rotor blades and need to replace it.
We're able to get the copter about 2' off the ground then it cuts out &amp; drops. Has anyone else had this problem. Are there any resolutions?
Can this device hold any additional weight? say if I were to put a go pro on it?
can you attach a camera to it?
Is there 2 channels frequencies so 2 people can play?
The box says that it shoots up to 30'. The Amazon description says it shoots up to 50'. How far does it really shoot?
What are the dimensions of the vehicle itself? Are they the same as the ones listed in the description, or are those the dimensions of the box?
what age is this appropriate for
Zero's lower torso keeps coming off from the rest of his body every time I move his waist a bit . Did I accidentally break him? :/
Dilivery to brazil? =[
is it hard to put the arm back on
Do you ship to germany?
How tall is the figure?
How tall is it ?
Bought this from a separate vendor and the hand-knob (that should not move) came out and is now lost. Is it possible to find a replacement? Anywhere?
Does this ship to Canada? I proceed to check out but it says it does not ship to my destination.
why does he come with a female face?
This item is supposed to be up for pre-order for January 22nd, 2014, why is it considered out of stock if it has not yet been released?
Would this pouch fit the New Nintendo 3DS XL?
I have a 3ds with a small case on it. Would it fit well inside of this carrying case?
is a product for the "new 3ds xl" ?, because the new 3ds xl it's bigger than a nomal 3ds xl
will this case fit the dsi xl?
Can you fit the charger in the case as well ?
Is this made to hold the 3ds XL during gameplay or is it just a storage case? Thanks in advance!
Will a regular 3ds fit well in this case? Would it have too much room and slide around?
Will a regular 3ds fit well in this case? Would it have too much room and slide around?
Is this case compatible with the New 3DS XL?
What is "Spare Parts Value Bundle"?
Will it be able to carry a small video cam like the gopro?
What is the age limit?
Is this R/C helicopter durable?
why does some sellers list this at 3.5 channels and some say 3 channels
Where can I find replacement parts?
I'm a novice. I bought the F1 armor. Do you have to disconnect thetwo red terminals before you re-charge the battery.
this Syma F1 3.5 channel has a mode 1 and mode 2-mode1 is the default-how do I set it to mode 2? -manual says press A?????????
with the 4 channel upgrade is the rudder still on right stick?
how many inches long and has high?
Does this helicopter come with a battery? Just got one today and see no way of connecting like is shown in videos.
Will this bind with Syma x1, v911, v912, v959 transmitter? They all work with the same Sky Fly protocol transmitter. Thanks
Where could I find a replacement for the charger part that connects to the helicopter, and what would it be called if so?
The tail rotor motor does not seem to be available at normal rc parts sales venders. Is there a suitable sub or how to fine a source?
Does this fit the Phantom FC40?
would any body know if a Cheerson CX20 would work with this?
Would this work for the Phantom 3?
Can it be closed with the airscrew on?
I have to calibrate the drone and remote control on the computer before I blow
can it be used for the phantom 2 plus?
Is the phantom 2 waterproof?
Is the case waterproof?
Do you have a case available for the Phantom Vision 2? what are the steps? Do you know if it is possible to embark on the plane with Phant on hand?
can this be taken like hand bag in plane or not
Hello. Can this be hooked up to the phantoms power or does it need its own power. or do I have both options?
need i to purchase Tarot the 2-Axis Gimbal Stabilizer ZYX22 apart from this one? and how to atach this to a dij phamtom. there is no accesory on amazon currently
does it need to be hookd up 2 a power supply and if so what? If attached to 18ft pole will i be able to move camera w cntrlr and wlit move on its own
Were there a lot of older cards or was it evenly mixed with newer and older cards?
will most of these card be playable in standard? i bought a different pack and got burned with only like 200 cards out of 1000 that are standard legal
Does it cost the buyer any money for delivery since its very heavy?
Does the pack come with mana cards? I am returning to MTG and have no cards, so I would like 20-25 of each type of mana card if possible.
How are these shipped?
How many different cards did people get I had way two many duplicates on cards does this happen to everyone?
Are the cards written in Turkisk with English in small print?
Gave this to my grandson. Neither of us understand the instructions, mostly because we do not understand how to come up with a bid, what a bid is, or what a trick is.
How many people can play?
Is this game anything like the card game "Oh Hell!"? Oh, Hell is also a strategy game in which you try to .your bid and cause others to miss their
Is the black hole compatible with the nano playset?
Is this age appropriate for a young 12 year old boyy
How do you take the pieces apart?
is it worth it?
Is this for the larger hex bugs or the original small ones?
Is this the same as the Cyclone set? The pictures look the same. I ordered the black hole and got the cyclone in the mail.
How many bugs come with the set?
What age group?
This picture of the Black Hole is the same as the cyclone. Is the picture wrong, or are they the same item?
does this set include a hexbug?
if i order it 10 23 14 how long will it take
If I order today (12-18-13) will it be here (South Carolina) before Christmas?
If I order today, 12/6, will I get before Christmas??
what is the age group for this?
Can you use the original Hexbug Nanos with this set?
are there two hexbugs in the set
If I order today can I get by Dec1
Does this set come with a hexbug
If you get two sets can they hook together to make a bigger play set?
how big is it
is ticle time elmo the same as lol elmo?
does elmo talk to you
Does it sing
Are you serious? What a rip off. Five sticks for $20. Wait until Toys R Us gets in stock at their listed price of $3.99.
How many cars can be made out of a five stick pack?
where can I buy more wax sticks , and car bodies
How do u make her pacifier
Dose her sweater come off
is a reborn like a real baby
Is she a full body?
does she come with a blanket
does she come with clothes and accessories
can you feed her
does this doll have a cloth body?
How do you make a pacifier for her
does she have the powder smell?
does it run well on carpet?
How does this compare to other cheap, but fast rc cars by other companies like redact and velocity toys
how bigis it
What scale is it?
Does it have good handiling?
Does this come with the battery recharger?
how big is it?
is it water proof
How many batteries does the controler take
is it 2 ch
is their a possibility of it being a bootleg
Can you make her eyes wink?
i bought the figurine and the wings came cracked in half, where can i get a replacement? p.s. dont want to spend money on new one
How tall is it
is this an authentic good smile product?
How tall is she? I was just wondering since I have ordered her and I would like to know.
Does this really don't come with the parts like the guitar and microphone and stand
Does this have a remote
2 different manufacturers reccommendations on age 3 to 5 or 3 to 7?
My daughters battery no longer charges up, what now?
Does amazon provide a srong warranty for this product or is this an additional charge. If it is a free warranty, what does it cover?
What is the maximum weight (for two children) in the car?
What is the weight limit
Can a 135lbs 16 year old kid ride this to school?
can 11 year olds ride it
This car doesnot come with remote control, right?
is this a two seater. im looking for one for my 4 and 17 month old to ride in together.
how to fold it?
how tall is this??
How big is the box &amp; does this come shipped with the picture on the box? or in a plain mailing box.
How tall is it inchwise?
does it fall/collapse over easily? don't want my child to fall/trip and take it down causing more injury. thank you!
How in the world do I fold this monstrosity of a play tent. The picture instructions are of no use
I too am wondering how to fold this thing. I couldn't find any videos on you tube. Thanks!
Where do I put the support pole?? The instructions don't even mention it.
Does this Playhut have a "floor" in it?
Does this have a floor in it?
is this kit included in any of the other big starter kits? circuits pro 500?
is this appropriate for bright 4 year old boy
Can you build an AM radio with this kit?
Is it necessary to have a phone or Ipod ? what do they mean by you can use voice or finger?
Would a 13 year old enjoy this?
Does this work with an iPod 4 or 5?
What batteries required
hey i am paul bag you can verstuuren to Netherlands and what it costs thank you paul
Hi, is it a VARIABLE speed and VARIABLE steering vehicle? What kind of transmitter controller it has? It uses 9V or AAA on transmitter? Thanks!!
is this the right picture????? I see a Lamborgini lol .... low really low .....
Is it waterproof
Is that the price for all of them or just one?
Is it one figurine per box
will they fit in an easter egg?
Can I order an entire box? Not just single ones.
Is there any way I can just order the black skeleton with the orange bow and a green witch?
How many figurines are included?
How tall are these? I read online that there is a version of 5" and another of 2.5" and that the 2.5" version brings 4 mini figures.
Will there be any way to order specific ones, or ensure that on an order of 5, we don't receive all the same ones?
I just received my order. The Wave Motion gun doesn't work when triggering it from the remote. Pressing buttons 1+3 doesn't work. Is this defective?
I bought the japanese version and i can't understand the manual. Does anybody have the english manual?
Is there a Star Blazers logo on the box? I have the Japanese release; I'm just curious what the differences are between the two.
Anyone got a delay shipment notice from Amazon?
how do you replace lights. my wave motion gun has been out sence i bought mine!
What are the full dimensions Length x Height x Width of the ship? ?
What scale is this model?
I pre-ordered and have not received it. Vendor said it ships at the end of the month. Is this item shipping or did I loose out?
Does this require assembly.
Any helpful hints on getting the talking base to work? I put 4 brand new batteries in it upon putting it together last night.
What all comes with this? I am wondering if all figurines are included or if it is just the Sophia doll and Clover.
What languages are included in the voices?
Is this compatible with the royal prep academy doll house and dolls?
Hiii! Can you give me aprox box size? Will it fit in a suitcase? Thanks, Carolina
Are the castle rooms big enough that the figures can be put in each room? And not just used as a "backdrop?"
will it come with everything that is pictured?
Is he shorty the same height or taller than marvel legends
How can I tell if it's NOT a China replica or knock-off?
Exactly how many inches tall is this figure?
is it in scale with marvel select juggernaut?
How big is the bag?
can the map be taken out? how it is?
I purchased this bag but received a felt one with an unrollable, unattached map - should I be concerned that it contains harmful chemicals?
do the plush map and backpack come together or just the backpack?
Is the inside of the bag a plastic material or nylon?
The ad says that the "stuff in the side of the bag not included". Does this mean the purchase does NOT include the map?
how tall is the mother doll?
Are the mother and father dolls both 5" each?
I purchased the Loving Family Home for the Holidays Dollhouse. The adult dolls with that set are about 6" tall. Are these dolls the same scale?
Do these dolls fit with Fisher-Price Sweet Street playhouses?
do knees and elbows bend? or only hips and shoulders?
Where were these dolls made?
will they work with the fisher price dream house?
Do they work with the loving sounds dollhouse? I heard as you move the dolls around it activates sounds. I was wondering if these dolls worked.
do people come out?
dimensions?
Are the cars the kind that can be pulled back and then zip away on their own?
git all the decks ?
do you get all the cards in the picture?
IS it from 1 of the decks or multiple decs?
do you get a box
do you get all old cards or a mix? because i would like to get older cards rather than newer,,
how much cards does it have
Do you get all of the decks in the picture, and how come ?
Do these work on the kindle fire?
How do you use telepods
why doesn't this work on my kindle fire HD?
Do you know if this works on an Acer Iconia A200?
Does it work on Kindle Fire HD?
So will I be able to use these characters unlimited amount of times or does this just unlock them?
How could I guarantee to receive the pack exatcly with the figures of picture ?
Do these work with the Angry Birds Star Wars Jabba's Palace Battle Game launcher???
can telepods work on ipad mini
Can the telepods be used with a regular kindle fire or only the HD version?
are the telepods compatible with kindle fire or only the apple versions (iPod, iPad, etc) ?
subway surfers
can't you play on iPod touch?
Does it say "BMO" on both sides where his arms are?
How big is it?
What exactly does it do?
What colors are there?
About how many bands do you get for each color?
do you also have free shipping to the philippines
Does this product come with Clips
What is the diameter of the rubber band?
Do you give clips with the pack
does it include c clips
Are they PVC free?
One person said they smell of petroleum. Have others noticed a strong smell (or an oily feel on the rubber bands)?
Are the bands latex free?
Can I used this looms for the brading child hair????
what color of refills are the best sellers for 8 year old girl? neon? multi color? metallic? glitter? glow in the dark? tie dye? (to add to the loo
What is the the approximate diameter of these? Are they all the same size?
Are these BPA, Phthalates and Lead Free? I would love to get these, but I want to make sure. Thx.
How many clips come in package? What type of clips?
do they smell like rubber/petroleum? are they made of silicone?
What colors does it include?
I cannot tell if these are latex free... Any ideas?
does it glow in the dark
rainbow
do you get all the enderman and creepers all 6
Does this purchase a "random" character or does the buyer select which one?
whats the meaning assortment? do you get more than one?
Are the pieces colored already or do I need to paint them?
does it come with the stand that makes it look like it is flying?
how many pieces is this kit? Would it be challenging for a 26 year old?
How tall is the kit standing?
dose it nead panting
does it come with the stand?
does this transform into a bird?
is it made of cheap plastic??
Does this support external antennas?
Is this compatible with mifare 1k?
can i use other rfid fobs fobs like the 50 pack on amazon ?
Does it work with Raspberry Pi?
What is the range (distance) ie. how close do you have to get for it to read the tag reliably?
Hello, I want to know how is called the library that handles this device? MFRC522.h is? or is it another? if you can please provide me the link. thank
The picture shows Derpy, but she isn't listed in the description. Does this set include her?
Does Shining Armor have a cutie mark on him?
how much cutie marks are there?
don't know anything about these ponies but my niece asked for twilight sparkle for xmas.. Does this set include that pony?
Does this come in the original box or just the figures out of the box?
how tall are these ponies
Are these the 2" ponies?
what packs come in this tin?
I am considering buying this for my son as a Christmas gift. Exactly how many cards are in this tin?
how many booster packs
Are these cards in Japanese or are these english print?
What are the promotional cards available in this tin?
What are the promotional cards available in this tin?
Tin is new and sealed
is Yu-Gi-Oh! - Ally of Justice Catastor in this set
The cards are in english right? Just want to make sure lol
Since this is an expansion track, what did you start out with originally?
Will these fit the Brio train tracks? Thanks
Can the track accommodate hot wheel cars?
Are some of the tracks double sided?
Are these tracks compatible with the Imaginarium trains and tracks?
does the chuggington die cast fit in this tracks?
Will this work with IKEA tracks?
Does anyone know if these are compatible with Battat brand (sold at Target)?
Does it look identical to Brio tracks? Is the color of the wood the same?
I bought my grandsom a Melissa and Doug Railroad set last year, but don't know if it's the Imaginarium. Are the track pieces interchangeable as long as it's Melissa and Doug?
I have two question; 1. The instructions say "while charging light is red and when finished will turn off" my turns green , normal / not normal.
I just purchased this and there is a very noticeable static/ hiss sound behind the music. Has anyone else had this problem; did you find a solution?
Can anyone tell me what charging port it has, mini usb, micro usb, etc? Josh's video comes up short on that point. Thanks in advance for any answers
Does this ship with the extra meeple stickers?
Terror in Meeple City includes a Meeple Sticker Set, Rampage does not. Which is it?!
What is the difference between the game 'Rampage' and the game 'Terror in Meeple City'? Why is one pictured and the other listed/described?
Are the monster game pieces that come with this edition just squares with stickers on them or are they cut out like the shape of the sticker?
Hi there! If I pre-order this item does it mean that it will ship on Dec 13? Hoping to get this for my son before Christmas and we live in Ohio.
i would like to ask you if the items ships from the USA, because i need it before Jun 1, need to know if i would get it on time? Thanks
Is this painted on or are there stickers?
does the airplane have wheels?
Does the plane have landing gear/wheels attached??? and actual dimensions of plane...Thanks!
I am confused as to what the Buy Reward is about? Is this for the pokemon plushes and includes some other random thing, or is it for the other thing?
Where do these come from? Are they imported?
Do u buy all the Pokemon in the photo for $22?
Is Picachu part of this lot?
Is it true the stitching is badly off? Eevee is my favorite Pok&eacute;mon and i don't want to waste my money on a bad deal.
in the shipping is thisone package? or is one package per pokemon?
What is the average size for each doll?
How long is it when the blade is out
Dose the blade lock in to place my son want's to know
does it light up?
How long is the handle of this (not including the extended blade)?
What color is the hilt?? One picture shows grey and the other picture shows metallic silver.
can this sword hit another blade?
Does it make any sounds?
What Tx would you recommend and would I purchase it through Amazon as well? Mike
What is the flight time on a charged battery and can you use a bigger battery for longer flight.
can you bind this to a umx rtf p51 transmitter?
The item came with no instructions. Are they missing from the box?
can you charge any battery on the charger
could you use a spektrum dx4e
Would you recommend flying this on water even though it's advertised to do that?
Hello, can I mount a fpv system?
Does it come with a controller.
can the radio fly any other aircraft
How much air time do you get on one charge ?
whats the demension how big is it
do you have to put it together yourself or does it come already together
does this have a camra
does the landing gear retract
My Delta Ray wants to climb in all three modes (0 1 2) no matter if in Hi or Lo rate? I've tried moving CG fwd &amp; full nose down trim. Any ideas?
what is the top speed this plane is cabable of?
Could I attach a gopro to it without destroying the flight quality?
What is the flight time on a charge and what is the charging time with the wall charger?
Is it strong enough to carry a GoPro Hero3?
rear rotor spins all the time,even when not in flight why
can this be flown outside
Are you saying there are 12 individual packs to one order or are there 12 charms to one order?
how may are in there cause it says 12 but in the pictures it looks like more cause just ordred these and i dont want it to be disapointing?
What are the charms made of? From the picture it looks like foam. TIA
How many charms are in one pack?
will these charms work with the Crazy Loom band kit?
is for rainbow loom
Are you able to specify charms that you want? example all animals or things like that?
Are the charms shown the same charms I will receive?
does it have BFF charms ?
Will it drive through the grass, or can it only be used on pavement or a hard floor?
this item is included in remote controlers ?
Can you buy extra missiles? If you have ever had kids, you know these will go missing and then the product is useless.
do the wheels scuff wood floors?
May I know item box dimensions?
What is this made out of? Is it plastic?
Is the height of the handle bars adjustable when using as a scooter?
has anyone had a problem with the steering of this scooter? I just got one for my 2 yr old and it just doesn't rotate.did I get a defected one?
Do you use this one indoors or outdoors? If indoors, what kind of floor? We have hardwood and carpet, and I want to know if it works on both.
rotates the steering wheel with the wheels?
Would you recommend it for tall babies? My 1 yr old is the height of a 3 yr old.
Does this trycicle comes with the umbrella/canopy?
are the tires plastic?
Could a 5 year old (small for his age ;-) ) stand in the back? Would it fit in the back of an SUV?
Is the push handle removable?
Is this product collapsable? Easy to put in van and go to the park?
Can you go backwards using the pedals on this trike?
Is the front wheel supposed to make a clicking sound?
Are the tires rubber?
what does this mean its in the discription Support KK MWC by new disign PCB board(Not Included) and do i need to order a pcb board to fly iit
hi does this have auto pilot and if not will it be hard to add it on
does this have everything i need to fly
Does this kit require sodering and also what is the usb stick for?
does it come in green or blue priority question ordering tonight
Is the 26 inch bat a t-ball bat or just a regular bat?
Is this bat little league approved?
What size bat should I buy for 2nd grade boy? He weighs 60-70 lbs and is about 3 1/2 - 4 feet tall.
Which bat should I buy for a 6 1/2 year old who weighs 53 pounds, is 48" tall, and plays coach pitch farm league?
whats the difference in the YB14S50 and YB14S300
how will this do for self defense?
is the 30" inch ok for a 15 year old 140 lbs
is this bat coach pitch league approved?
Is the 1.15 rating clearly stamped on teh bat? Cannot see it in the pictures?
Is this Easton YB 14S50 S50 Youth 26 inch, 16 ounce bat a baseball bat or t-ball bat? A t-ball bat will dent if used to hit hard baseballs
Is the 26 inch bat a t-ball bat or just a regular bat?
Is this bat little league approved?
What size bat should I buy for 2nd grade boy? He weighs 60-70 lbs and is about 3 1/2 - 4 feet tall.
Which bat should I buy for a 6 1/2 year old who weighs 53 pounds, is 48" tall, and plays coach pitch farm league?
whats the difference in the YB14S50 and YB14S300
how will this do for self defense?
is the 30" inch ok for a 15 year old 140 lbs
is this bat coach pitch league approved?
Is the 1.15 rating clearly stamped on teh bat? Cannot see it in the pictures?
Is this Easton YB 14S50 S50 Youth 26 inch, 16 ounce bat a baseball bat or t-ball bat? A t-ball bat will dent if used to hit hard baseballs
what size bat is good for 8-9 years old?
is it a -11
How long is the break in period for this bat?
how about warranty
Does it have B something at base of bat
Does it have good pop
what size is good for a 10 year old 75lbs?
Need to know if anyone knows if these are legal in the 10-12 year old range in LL Bball in Illinois, not sure of assc. we are in, thanks fer the help.
Does this bat have the new USSSA stamp?
is the Mako 29 inch a big barrell bat
Is the 26 inch bat a t-ball bat or just a regular bat?
Is this bat little league approved?
What size bat should I buy for 2nd grade boy? He weighs 60-70 lbs and is about 3 1/2 - 4 feet tall.
Which bat should I buy for a 6 1/2 year old who weighs 53 pounds, is 48" tall, and plays coach pitch farm league?
whats the difference in the YB14S50 and YB14S300
how will this do for self defense?
is the 30" inch ok for a 15 year old 140 lbs
is this bat coach pitch league approved?
Is the 1.15 rating clearly stamped on teh bat? Cannot see it in the pictures?
Is this Easton YB 14S50 S50 Youth 26 inch, 16 ounce bat a baseball bat or t-ball bat? A t-ball bat will dent if used to hit hard baseballs
what size bat is good for 8-9 years old?
is it a -11
How long is the break in period for this bat?
how about warranty
Does it have B something at base of bat
Does it have good pop
what size is good for a 10 year old 75lbs?
Need to know if anyone knows if these are legal in the 10-12 year old range in LL Bball in Illinois, not sure of assc. we are in, thanks fer the help.
Does this bat have the new USSSA stamp?
is the Mako 29 inch a big barrell bat
Is the 26 inch bat a t-ball bat or just a regular bat?
Is this bat little league approved?
What size bat should I buy for 2nd grade boy? He weighs 60-70 lbs and is about 3 1/2 - 4 feet tall.
Which bat should I buy for a 6 1/2 year old who weighs 53 pounds, is 48" tall, and plays coach pitch farm league?
whats the difference in the YB14S50 and YB14S300
how will this do for self defense?
is the 30" inch ok for a 15 year old 140 lbs
is this bat coach pitch league approved?
Is the 1.15 rating clearly stamped on teh bat? Cannot see it in the pictures?
Is this Easton YB 14S50 S50 Youth 26 inch, 16 ounce bat a baseball bat or t-ball bat? A t-ball bat will dent if used to hit hard baseballs
what size bat is good for 8-9 years old?
is it a -11
How long is the break in period for this bat?
how about warranty
Does it have B something at base of bat
Does it have good pop
what size is good for a 10 year old 75lbs?
Need to know if anyone knows if these are legal in the 10-12 year old range in LL Bball in Illinois, not sure of assc. we are in, thanks fer the help.
Does this bat have the new USSSA stamp?
is the Mako 29 inch a big barrell bat
what size bat is good for 8-9 years old?
is it a -11
How long is the break in period for this bat?
how about warranty
Does it have B something at base of bat
Does it have good pop
what size is good for a 10 year old 75lbs?
Need to know if anyone knows if these are legal in the 10-12 year old range in LL Bball in Illinois, not sure of assc. we are in, thanks fer the help.
Does this bat have the new USSSA stamp?
is the Mako 29 inch a big barrell bat
Is the 26 inch bat a t-ball bat or just a regular bat?
Is this bat little league approved?
What size bat should I buy for 2nd grade boy? He weighs 60-70 lbs and is about 3 1/2 - 4 feet tall.
Which bat should I buy for a 6 1/2 year old who weighs 53 pounds, is 48" tall, and plays coach pitch farm league?
whats the difference in the YB14S50 and YB14S300
how will this do for self defense?
is the 30" inch ok for a 15 year old 140 lbs
is this bat coach pitch league approved?
Is the 1.15 rating clearly stamped on teh bat? Cannot see it in the pictures?
Is this Easton YB 14S50 S50 Youth 26 inch, 16 ounce bat a baseball bat or t-ball bat? A t-ball bat will dent if used to hit hard baseballs
what size bat is good for 8-9 years old?
is it a -11
How long is the break in period for this bat?
how about warranty
Does it have B something at base of bat
Does it have good pop
what size is good for a 10 year old 75lbs?
Need to know if anyone knows if these are legal in the 10-12 year old range in LL Bball in Illinois, not sure of assc. we are in, thanks fer the help.
Does this bat have the new USSSA stamp?
is the Mako 29 inch a big barrell bat
how many are in the pack?
how many rings come in a package?
Is there just 7 rings in a pack?
How many rings is there?
can the sheets be cut? i have a heart shaped puzzle.
how do you get your puzzle on its back?
Can you tell me how big each of the 6 adhesive sheets are? I'm looking at gluing some mini puzzles instead of one large one
Just ordered this. Wondering if it looks ok if you put in on top of the puzzle? Otherwise any tips for flipping it?
Is this strong enough to use on small wooden (plywood) jigsaw puzzles?
Can you combine this with puzzle glue? Can you glue the back of a puzzle and then put these over it after it dries? Would that make it more secure?
i am ordering the globe puzzle for my husband, can it be used on 3D puzzles, is it pliable enough to shape it?
i have a 3000 pc puzzle (33.5x48 in), can I still use it (perhaps couple sets)?
ihave a 1000 piece puzzle that it already done (39"x51.5"). the video here shows the sheets being placed on the back side but my puzzle is too big. to flip. will it look weird on the other way because of the shape of the pieces (if that'd even...
how do you transfer it over? i cant figure it out
I was wondering if this is the Black and White Loki like the picture displays?
Clicked on version that said "Bobble" took me to a product that doesn't say "Bobble", Picture of a box that doesn't say "Bobble", is it a bobble?
Why can't this shipped to Australia?
does it come with a hexbug nano v2
What is the age for this product?
What's the difference between the "Black Hole", "Hurricane" and "Cyclone" sets? Are these legit?
can you connect several V2 sets together?
Does it come with 1 or 2 hexbug nano v2s?
Can you use and Nano hex bugs with the Hurricane?
is it only one hexbug nano v2
what are s clips?
can you tie your hair up with these bands? are they anything like the scunci revolution no slip grip silicone hair ties?
looking for bands that don't crack and break 3-5 days after making a bracelet. Any good brand suggestions?
do bands crack?
how many bracelets does it make
Are they or are they not latex free?? Some reviews say they are not.
Why do the black rubber bands break so easier than the others?
how long will it take to recive the bands? I ordered them about a week ago and the still have not come
does it have instructions
what colors does it come with?
is this the shadow version?
is that shadow Illidan or just normal one?
i want to buy it ; the picture shows the normal one but when i search shadow only this stuff shows up
Do the bowling balls have finger holes? So many of these kid sets seem to have just slight indentations, not real holes for the fingers to go in.
how tall are the pins and how big is the diameter of the ball?
does it come with a case
Is this heavy foam? (i.e. Will sports-oriented 5-7y.o. boys find it satisfying to knock pins over? And will it last more than one season outside?)
How many are in each pack?
Do they say I love this game on them?
Is there a pull strip to activate the batteries or are they already activated?
Are they soft/flexible...suitable for play fighting at a kids party?
im trying to order to hawaii but it tells me it wont. youll ship internationaly but not to hawaii?
What's the shipping time?
Hi, i was wondering if you do international shippment? and also if i buy 6 packs of this i will receive 108 foam light sticks?
is there anything printed on foam,
Can you change the batteries?
Can I change the colors and have one color if I want?
how tall is
Does this stuffed animal have a recordable feature?
Is the color true to the picture? One review said the dragon was hot pink!
What age are Stuffies appropriate for?
Is the largest pocket big enough for my kids to stuff their pajamas into?
If I order now, will I receive the plush heart that is being offered on the stuffies site?
Does it include the same "mystery" gift that comes when you order from the Stuffies site? Thanks.
Are they washable?
Did it come with the story book?
what are the dimensions of each journal?
are they lined pages?
How many pages do they have?
Is the cover flat or textured?
Is it plastic or metal? If it plastic is it havyduty or no?
Shipping to Ecuador?
Where is the display stand??? It was NOT included!!!
how tall is he
Please I need to know what are the exact measurements of the robot but in centimeters, that material is and finally if your extremities move or flex.
IS THIS A DIE CAST ROBOT. ?
I've seen a few reviews here that talk about moving the servo rod out to make this heli fly faster. Can anyone elaborate on how to do this?
Is this "Made In China"? I've had a high fail rate with everything Chinese.
So does this come with a controller or not? kinda confused when it says "comes with remote: no" but there is a pic of a controller...
What is the flight time and range (Distance)?
Can you put a bigger battery? and can you adapt a different body, like a huey or an mi-17?
is there a video
How high does it go?
what its the lenth of it?
We cant get the remote to switch to mode two. The way the owners manual says will not work. Any help would be great.
When charging from computer should the USB light go off? After first time using the heli it wouldn't charge
why it is stated as 14.6 and when you order lighting that it comes 12" is there a mistake on the listing or did I get the wrong one?`````````
I didnt receive my heli with an adapter I only received the white USB cable. How do I charge do i have to unplug the red wires on the bottom first?
does the throttle stick spring back when you let go of it, or does it stay in the same position, like on the S36 remote?
Can you fly it outside?
This shows the color is blue - is that the color helicopter that you buy?
does this include the LiPo battery
How long does the battery last
what is included in this quadcopter package does it come with a transmitter?
How to change batteries on this unit?
Does this unit come with rotor guard?
why does it say 4 AA batteries in product and Lipo battery in main description. Which is it?
Can the battery be upgraded? Can a larger battery be placed in the unit to extend flight time?
on one review it was stated that before shipping the item was removed from its display packing and stuffed into a box. Does the item come ina syma box
is it a outdoor helicopter
How to change rotors on this unit
does it come with batteries?
how fast can it make a rc car?
Will this overheat my motor and esc before its drained? I have a slash 4x4. If it will overheat any fan or cooling suggestions?
is that compatible with all traxxas vehicle just like the summit et erevo
can this battery fit in a 1/16 scale E-revo
anyone know if these will fit in a traxxas 1/10 erevo or summit?
Will these work on my brushed emaxx with twin 550 motors
what does the 35c mean? whats the difference with a 25c n a 25c?
got this for my daughter for Christmas and now the motor on the fairy will only whine and will not fly??
got this for my daughter for Christmas and now the motor on the fairy will only whine and will not fly??
got this for my daughter for Christmas and now the motor on the fairy will only whine and will not fly??
Just got it. Fairy is not moving along with my hand, it just keeps going straight up to the ceiling, and then it flutters and falls. Whats going on?
I am going to use this for quads. What receiver would you recommend? I will want something that I can add additional modes such as return and others
does it have telemetry and voice notification
Does this come particular one with manual, strap, and power supply?
Does this come with a spektrum receiver? If so which one?
Will this transmiiter bind with a phantom 2 Vision?
Since you can switch different modes,do you still have a ratchet feel on the left stick?
Are there still PPM fluxuation issues when voice is activated that interfere with trainer port output such as the ezUHF from ImmersionRC?
Hello want to buy this radio you have transfimissor for him? It is mode 2 or mode 1 mode 2 takes
does it have voice and telemitry
is there an interactive book included?
age
Does it come with the heart offered on the official web site?
Are the "Stuffies" made in the USA?"
Are these suitable for 1 yr old?
what age group?
what's the size of the stuffies
Would you recommend this?
What is the surprise inside?
I can only find six pockets. Where is the seventh?
does this come with the heart
Is it washable
does the book come with this?
How do you clean Stuffies?
What are the dimensions? Is this a sleeping bag?
what is the recommended age for the stuffies
does this come with a story book and the mystery gift like on the stuffies website
How big is this? I need for a 6 year old, 50 pounds.
From a previous question, I saw it was machine washable on the cold and gentle cycle. Can it be placed in a dryer?
Is this a melissa and doug sleeping bag, the same as the lady bug one by melissa and doug? Is the inside cotton?
what tempature is this good for? It seems awfully light. I wanted it for camping.
How is the cushioning? Is it padded enough to be somewhat comfy for a toddler on a tile or hardwood floor?
Is it machine washable?
does it keep the child warm when in chilly temperatures outside?
What are the shipping dimensiones for this car?
Can the kid control the car himself without the remote? Can both adult and child control the vehicle at the same time?
Do you sell the parts of this car, i but one for my kids and the back tire got spoiled. Do you have just that alone?
You send to Brazil?
You send to Brazil?
Does this model come with the battery, charger, and remote control?
Do these cards come in English?
What are the monsters don't send a link please
What are the traps please reply! Don't send a Link!
What are the monsters,traps, and spells?
What are the spells? Please reply! Don't Send A Link!
Are the cards official or at least look the same?
new to all of this - what would you recommend for a 9y/o who wants to get started with this game?
Dos the deck have the blue eyes white dragon?
Are there any trap and spell cards
what are the monsters
Hello! Will these work with the Nerf N-Strike Elite Rampage ?
will these work with Nerf N Strike Orange &amp; Grey Nite Finder EX-3? or is there a better choice?
does this work with a cyber strike walkie talkie gun from the 90"s
Do these work with the Retaliator?
Does it work in the drone
Will these fit the TEK 3 Air Warriors by Buzz Bee Toys?
Will these work with the Nerf N-Strike Elite Strong Arm?
Does this work with the rebelle series?
Will these work with the Zombie Strike Crossfire Bow?
Do they work with clips? (I want to do target practice with Retaliator CS-12)
How long is it
WIll it kill real zombies?
is it durable and long lasting
Does the sword Come with something to put on your back that the sword can go in
Is it sturdy in the middle like the other sword? or is it floppy like its machete counterpart?
is it strong
Blade toy? is there a specific reason they cant call it a sword?
is it foam
Does this come with a sheath/Scabbard?
I know its "Nerf" but... I have two boys that would bash each other on the head. Is it rough kid friendly?
How big is it? I want to put it in a suitcase and have limited space.
average range it shoots?
Does it leak a lot ?
Does it leak a lot ?
Does it leak a lot ?
Can this gun fire the older and smaller blue N-Strike Elite darts?
Does this gun require a battery?
how many bullets does mega magnus hold
can a 6 year old fire it
The Nerf Zombie Strike Dart Refill Pack says the darts work with all N-Strike blasters. Will they work with this one too?
On the box it shows that this fires up to 85 feet. I've seen some at the stores showing 95 feet on the box. Which one is being sent from Amazon?
Does this work with the standard orange nerf darts?
Will this gun ship as orange or grey (range limited) trigger model?
Is this realy as accurate as they say?
does it come with darts?
How far is the water stream
Does the cap have a tether or does it completely separate from the gun when refilling?
Is this hard to pump or hardl for arhtritic hand? I ned to ZAP those squirrel! Help!!! I fnot what one do you recommend? Thanks
How much water is it able to carry?
I want to buy 11 of these , is there a way to order more than 2?
what age group would this gun be for?
What size is it? Thanks.
how do u use it?
Just received water gun as a gift. Is it supposed to have a pinhole in the cap?? (water runs out!)
Does this require batteries?
will the nerf n-strike bullets work in this gun
Which blaster do you think is the most accurate?
The back looks like a stock can be attached, but the attachment point looks different than other blasters. Does it take/come with a stock?
How far does it shoot the darts?
Is this a super soaker too? Does it include a water blaster, or is the description wrong?
Will the Nerf N-Strike Elite Universal Suction Darts work with this?
is this really super soaker?
does it work with the blue buellts
How long is it?
how many darts does it shoot at once
We want to discourage a woodpecker pecking our house. Is the stream strong enough to discourage a bird?
How do these things spray is it mist like or just in a point?
How quickly does it reload (from a bucket)?
How does the gun operate - with a trigger?
what is the age for this product?
Can I load this with water and leave it sitting for a few hours until I see the neighborhood cat in my yard, without the water leaking out?
Is the body of the blaster made of hard plastic or is it foam? How is the durability?
do these float? thinking of taking them to the beach
Do they always come as a pack of 1 blue and 1 yellow? I'm thinking about getting these for a Dispicable Me party, so it would be great if they did
Is the remote control wireless?
Would an 11 year old enjoy this or is it more for the younger boys?
Is this good for a 4 year old or would the one that is not remote control be better?
Does it open up on any of the sides or just the top?
Will the small Battle Shell characters fit in this?
what kind of batteries does it take?
Do you think it is worth the money?
age level?
How big is it.
What size turtles fit inside it?
It says "turn it over for a different game", the only difference I see, is the color of the board. What exactly is the difference between the two?
What size are the bean bags (pellets, or whatever)? 4-inch, 5-inch, or 6-inch?
Are the legs sturdy or do they tend to fall off during play? What are the boards made out of?
Is this a full size game, or more like a mini one for indoors?
Are the holes different diameters? If so what are the measurements?
Cornhole game boards have only one hole, washer boards have three. Do these game boards come with some sort of plug for playing Cornhole?
What are the board measurements?
What are the dimensions?
Can this be used at the top of a jello cake?
Will I need a copywrite form to have this put on at a local bakery?
What size images do you have?
can this be used on a dairy queen ice cream cake
how much cards can it hold because i have 100 or something.
Is this the size of a regular binder?
is it a the size of a small or big binder?
How many pages does it hold?
does it come with the pocket pages
How many cards does this hold?
what size does it come in?
how do i choose my size?
Do you have the coat in a size 7?
what is the age group for disney doc mcstuffins coat &amp; bonus accessories?
What accessories come with the lab coat?
would this fit a 4 year old? she wears a size 5-6
Does the coat come apart from the shirt?? Do you have to wear them together??
hello good night ... the costume McStuffins doc comes with blouse and everything as seen on the picture??? Does it fit for a 5 years old child??
hello good night ... the costume McStuffins doc comes with blouse and everything as seen on the picture??? Does it fit for a 5 years old child??
It say manufactures recommended for ages 2 months and up, do you think this would fit a one year old
how many colors come in a pack?
Are they really latex free?
Are these the same (original) bands featured in rainbowloom.com?
do the bands brake easy
How many bands in it?
How many c clips do you get?
is more stock coming in soon? i want 2 but there is only one in stock for now...
is the light made of metal or plastic
is it made of metal or plastic
does it show the steps to make the runes? I bought the codex in hopes it showed how to draw the runes but it just showed them
What is inside the "gray book"?
How long is the pen? Thanks!
Is this blade protector also compatible with the Hubsan X4 H107D model?
Will this fit the Estes Dart R/C Quadcopter ?
Does it fit the X4 H107L because i just bought the guard
Crashed my H107 into the ceiling, now only the front lifts the back won' t try to lift. All r p m seems the same.
Will this fit the Traxxas QR-1?
Why is this sold as a bundle package with the Dromida Ominus UAV Quadcopter RTF if it doesn't fit? Isn't that false advertising.
will this also fit the proto X quad ?
well this guard fit a radio shack surveyor drone ?
Does this fit the "Ominus FPV UAV Quadcopter RTF (DIDE02RR)" ? thank you.
Does it also fit the Cheerson CX-20?
Will these work as an upgraded replacement of the stock DJI-F450 Flamewheel motors? Do they plug right into the stock speed controllers?
Do these work for the phantom 2 and/or phantom 2 vision?
Has anyone tried the T-MOTOR MN2214 KV920 Version 3.0 ? It looks like most of the Q &amp; A are a year old.
Do these come with install screws? I fired my motors on my phantom2 by installing the prop guard screws and I don't know where the originals are.
Hi I want to upgrade my phantom 2 motor, the t-motor is the best option (I think), but I want to know if I have to change my ESC. thanks Daniel
Will these motors help increase flight time or reduce it.
Are they suitable for the FC40...?
What is the diameter of the shaft?? This information doesn't seem to be available anywhere on the internet.
Where do I find the 9x3 gloss white carbon fiber props?
ist fit and work with the new dji phantom 2
- Does this game have multiplayer mode?
What is the age range on this? Would it be appropriate for a 6 yr old?
Will this play on the Kinect?
Hi there dose this come in a case with the dic or is it emailed to you to download on the xbox 360 thanks
How do you save the levels? My daughter is so frustrated because she has to keep starting over each time she plays. Thanks.
is there a free play mode
Does this game have a "free-roaming" area like New York City in LEGO Marvel?
does this game have access to all the characters?
does this game have access to all the characters?
does this game have access to all the characters?
how do i choose a size or does it already come in XL
Hey quick question ,when shipping this mask will it come packed correctly so it won't have any crease marks or will it be thrown in folded??
Would I be able to wear this mask over my prescription glasses?
My sons head is 21.5 inches. Will the mask fit him?
Hi my hat size is a flat 8, can i go ahead and guess that this can fit?
if my head is around 21.5 inches, will this mask be to big?
I have a small head. Is the mask one size fits all ?
Is it possible to buy the mask and get a legitimate voice changer elsewhere? If so, where could I find it?
Hello I wonder if as the size? if I will not be trusted to register? .. and speaking voice also changes? has that function? ... also the BANE in the m
quick question is this adult size and knowing that i wear hat with length of 7 1/2 so in that case would this mask fit me?
How does the game look on the Wii U compared to the PS4? I have both systems and am having a hard time deciding which to get
is it compatible with the wii
is this a 2 players simultaneous game?
this game include spanish language????
Can this game be played with both a Wiimote and nunchuk?
Do any of the Lego Games have a Sandbox mode? I would love to find a Lego game with a Sandbox just to play around making things..
can the lego movie game be used for the older Wii? not Wii u...
Does it have an explorable world? Can you be Wyldstyle?
Is it possible to save played game in middle and start next time at same point? If yes, how?
Does it have an open, explorable world?
What age group uses this product?
how heavy is it?
What is the ball made of foam ?
is figure in package?
how many inches is it?
Is this a good action figure to buy?
Since I'm new to the fandom I want to know, where did the red symbiote come from? cause I can't seem to find info online.
Is the wast good and strong(does is move alot)
Why do you guys hike up the price I want this for my son who actually wants to play with it And put together his green goblin not collect dust in a sh
why is this figure over priced?
Do you have to match the furbling with the same color Furby boom for it to work?
Are the batteries included rechargeable?
does it work with the furby boom app
Does it work with the furby boom app?
Whats the difference between this and the bigger ones?
This original Furby? Will it work in Estonia? thank you
does it work without a furby boom
please you will can say me the box dimensions
Are there any attachments needed to attach it to a dji phantom?
I have a question and if the product come with the electronic accesory of the pictuare 2
Is nanobug included to set?
Can you connect the new habitats to the old habitats to make a larger habitat?
Does this come with a hexbug?
Do batteries come with the hexbugs?
which nano bug goes with this gravity loop set?
Do regular hexbugs work with this or do you have to get the new kind?
I have 30A ESCs right now, will that harm them or is it OK to turn them with the 30A ESCs?
Does anyone know the following stats about this motor? no load current limit (in watts) resistance # of mag poles
Are these motors DC or 3 phase?
are 2 of these motors reverse threads?
will these motors work with a qav250?
If I plan to make a quadcopter will the motor be able to mount to it?
How long do these take to ship?
Does it come with the bullets that are pictured? (Male and Female?)
would these motors be a good choice for a f550 hexacopter clone?
Do these motors come with the bullet connectors?
Can I plug another light with the adapter Y conector?
Is this a whole helicopter. Like does it have remote controller
Whats the charging time? N how long could it work?
what is the distance of the remote control
Does this light have a switch? Does it have to be disconnected from the battery to be turned off?
How do you mount it
If I want to have more than just the headlight running, would I be better off purchasing a Y adaptor with 2-3-4 connectors rather than 2-3-4 single o
What does the light use as a power source?
How does the light affect the video/recording?
Will this fit into the leap pad ultra carrying case?
Does the ShockProof Case have a screen protector?
Will the shockproof silcone case fit the LeapPad Ultra XDi
Will this fit the leap frog 3?
Does this case fit the Leapfrog pad2 power tablet ?
Is the material safe, is it made in CHINA?
Does the ShockProof Silicone Case for LeapFrog LeapPad ULTRA- GREEN still fit in the LeapFrog LeapPad Ultra Carrying Case?
I want to order one for my sons birthday later this month, but is there no way to get this shipped to Canada? I
Can you use this case for the leap pad 2 explorer? If not do you have one like this that will fit?
Will this case work for the Leappad 2 Power?
Can the device fit into the carrying case with this cover on it? For transport and storage I want my child to have that, as well.
Will this fit the Leapfrog Leappad Ultra XDi model?
Will this fit the Leadpfrog LeapPad2?
Does this fit with the InventCase?
Can someone please give me the actual measurements of this silicone case? Thanks!
Is this case BPA and PVC Free?
I need to know what the flight time is, &amp;how long to recharge the batteries? What is the distance from which you can transmit live pictures? u
What is the maximum height and maximum time to fly?
The helicopter won't charge. The directions are awful. Can you please tell me how to charge the helicopter correctly and how to turn it on.
Can u email me the instructions
Does this copter work outdoors? I have the Syma s107, and it will not work outdoors at all.
The device of the iphone, it can be an iphone 5?
does this come with a warenty?
How long is the battery life on this unit?
Hello...Can this be used (successfully) outside...?...Please let me know as soon as possible...!!..Thanks.
What is the camera's resolution, both still and video?
Does the tent come with the balls as pictured?
Does it come with tunnel?
Interested in using this for a ball pit, how many balls are needed?
Do the balls actually stay in this tent? It looks like they may fly out of the opening.
Does the tent allow you to attach a tunnel (purchased separately)?
does this come in any other color? I want to buy for a boy
Do these boosters come with basic land cards?
Is this a sealed booster box?
Do you ship in Russian Federation with tracking?
Do you ship to Singapore? i try checking out the item but it say not able to ship to the address
Do you ship to Romania? What are the fees ?
Do these cards have limited game play? Someone said to get the 2015 Core Set instead because this is an old block? What does that mean?
Does this purchase come with the Buy a Box promo card?
Did it come with the flyer?
I have a shipping address of a courier in Miami, who will send it to Uruguay, I shouldn't have any problems with that, right?
Do you ship in Italy?
Is this the full intro pack?Contains 5 Theros booster packs, 1 Seeded booster pack, 1 Premium promo card, 1 Activity card, 1 Spindown life counter, 1
Does this also include booster packs?
This includes one deck of each color (white, blue, red, black, green), correct?
How strong can the winds be to fly it
does this come with any spare parts
If I order 4 S36's will they have different chanels?
Will the Syma UDI controller for my iPhone work with the S36?
What is the flying time?
Is this the Black or White model? The pictures show both but there is no selection box.
are s107 parts compatible such as gears blades and motors //
Why does the rubber black thing on the landing gear always come off? I've lost one already!
I can't find the 240 mAh battery for S36 on amazon, only the 150 mAh. Can I use another model's battery?
If I disconnect the lights on the syma s36 copter, Will it fly longer?
does it reload automaticly
how many feet does the zombie strike hammrshot shoot
Should I get the fusefire or the hammershot?
Is the accuracy bad, okay, good, great, or awesome?
How many bullets does it hold
are the dimensions given are they the gun? or the box?
Does Hatsune Miku V3 come with virtual instruments and if so,how is the interface when using the instruments?
Does this have an english UI with the Japanese voicebank?
I don't have a disc drive. Would I be able to read/install the discs if they were in a connected disc reader?
Does the bundle contain an English user Manuel?
Is this the English + Japanese bundle?
Are balls included? do I need to buy more for my 2 year old?
Is it sturdy enough that when little one pulls up on it, it wont bend??
Is the floor of the ball pit soft or is it just a piece of nylon?
what are the dimensions of this item?
Is it waterproof? Could it be used as a pool.
Is it easy to set up? Are the sides sturdy?
Will someone out there with a oija board ask my great aunt Gladys where she left the remote contol?
Does the planchette need batteries?
How do you get it to stop levitating?
will demons possess me?
Does it come with the planchette?
Is it really made out of wood, or cardboard?
I just ordered this Ouija. Is this the 1992 Model? What else should I expect? Great thanks.
What are the board dimensions? The boards are getting so much smaller these days.
Can u play by yourself? Y do u need 2 people?
is ouija board good to play
4 or 6 Axis?
What are the dementions?
DID IT COME WITH ONE OR TWO BATTERIES?
Do the wheels spin?
Does the engine turbine spin and do all the parts fit flawlessly
do the wheels go in the plane and do the move. -aidan
Do the fan blades in the engines actually spin on this model?
it looks very cool! but is it a sturdy plastic or flimsy one?
can you change the size?
is it leather
can you ship to riyadh if i pay extra
where is it from
Is it metal or plastic?
How does the blade come out, does it swing out or push out? Do you have to push a button to make it come out?
is this just like the one on ebay?
how do you use them?
Where can I get replacement propellers?
How difficult is the assembly? and is it suitable for a 6 year old boy?
How can I get a replacement remote?
I'm hearing a lot of negative about this toy, just wondering if I should purchase this for my 8 year old granson, will it be in the orginial box with the directions? will all the parts be in tack? etc I'm a little nervous about buying this....
What size are the replacements blades? I'm all out!
Can you order replacement propellers online?
If I order this product, does it come in the orginal package
Does this item come in the original box? I heard it doesnt?
I heard that you can fly 2 of these at the same time. Is that true? Are there different frequencies? Thanks
how long does the charge last?
Will this work with other types of candy? Like M&amp;M's?
Is this gum ball machine plastic or metal &amp; glass?
Can I use the one inch gum balls with this machine?
what size gumballs does the electronic gumball machine use?
Could this work without inserting a coin? My brother has special needs, and the lights and music alone would help him twirl the handle to get candy.
Our machine goes crazy; music plays too fast and gumballs won't stop..is this normal?
Are the gumballs included with the machine?
What kind of coins do it takes because i really think it takes quarters but i'm not sure so can you please tell me thanks
what are airglow loombands?
Is there red included? Because I like making most of my bracelets with the color red.
Are these authentic Rainbow Loom (latex free) bands? I'm not interested in a different brand, only Rainbow Loom. Thx.
The description says there are c-clips included, but the reviewer said they didn't get any clips. Do clips come with these or not? Thanks!
Does this product come with batteries? Or do we need to buy them separately? I don't want a disappointed kid on Christmas.
is there 5 in the singel pack?
does this hexbug nano v2 come with a tube.
Does these work with original hexbug sets?
How many are in this pack
Does this hexbug nano V2 single pack actually climb walls without the tubes?
How many are in a single pack?
Is this 20% Cooler?
what size is it?
Is it machine washable?
How deep are the colors? do they fade?
we get all 4 of them?
is it good quality?
is this the smaller 4 in size?looking for larger size not sure of specs thankyou
How many jokers per deck?
What size is pictured here?
What does "2 cut cards" mean? I need cards that include jokers for Canasta, do these qualify?
How many jokers per deck?
What size is pictured here?
What does "2 cut cards" mean? I need cards that include jokers for Canasta, do these qualify?
suggested age of child
suggested age of child
Are the stickers reusable? Cant hey be removed and placed somewhere else on the pads?
Does this come with the pen holder too?
What are all the colors?
How well does the pen itself write? I'm found of smooth pens but i'm fascinated by these guys.
Can I order only black ink?
What color ink is it? I thought it would be the color of the liquid- but then what color ink would the clear liquid pens have
does the cost of 18.29 include the pen stand
what color do these pens write in?
does it come with the holder?
Are they clicky pens?
Are these nice enough to hand out to professionals as a promotional item?
What is its buildup size? (not the box size pls). thks.
how big it is
if i ordered it this hour near what time will it arrive
Do the lego pieces have a different shape
is this good for boys and girls 7 and up
let me know the newest with date. i'm in sc. my grand in mt. he has all. to get something he dosen't have i have to be on top of dates! help
What are the ages?
why is the price so high
which minecraft lego set has an energy sword in it?
can a 7yr. old do this
is it to young for a 12 year old
Can a 7year old bild this on its own
hope I read your items correctly is this for 4 buildings and figures or just one house
50cents off!
why is this listed for 34.99 and comes up 63.88?
can this set be used with regular Legos, or are they a different size?
Is a 16 year too old for this item...
hope I read your items correctly is this for 4 buildings and figures or just one house
Are these 4 new individual kits and have they been put together
is it to young for a 11 year old?
My Striker Eureka came packaged with the back insert upside down. Has anyone else had this issue? (of course I haven't opened it up yet due to that)
does it move
how big arethe robots
Are Striker Eureka's blades detachable like Gypsy Danger's chain swords?
Im kinda confused, it sais this Set contains almost 300 cards, i only got like 55?
Never bought YuGiOh cards before. If this a good set for my grandson who wants to start collecting?
Are the "Tokens" that come with this token cards that you might use with something like Scape Goat?
how many cards does this have
Does this have the Time Wizard, Baby Dragon, and Thousand Dragon?
Is this set still 1st Edition or is it Unlimited?
Does each box contain the same mix of cards or different?
Does it have FlameSwordsman
My nephew has been playing Yu-Gi-Oh for years and wanted some cards for Christmas. Is this ok to give to someone who already has a lot of cards?
Just ordered this set as a starter for grandson. If I want to add to it do I have to buy a certain series or what is recommended?
Do the wheels turn for steering?
What are the specs for the motors (Voltage, torque and stall current) or what kind of motors are in these?
Can we set the remote / truck on different channels so I can buy two (one for each son)
Is this a variable speed vehicle? Whats its range?
Are the buttons on the microwave pressable (and make noise) or are they just for show?
Is there any counter space behind the stove or sink for kitchen gadgets?
Does this have a knob to turn a turn table in the microwave?
My son is 6,5 years old but he's crazy about this kitchen. &Auml;&deg;s it too small for him?
What are the actual measurements? 36x14x9 inches is what is listed but that doesn't seem right.
is the back of the kitchen navy wood also?
does the microwave have a knob to turn the turntable inside?
This is the only set that says it "comes with all the accessories a kitchen needs" but no-where does it say what these are? Pots, pans, food?
It cames with everything showed in the picture?
Is the track glued down?
Do the Thomas die cast trains work on this?
Does the train easily fall off the spiral ramp, I think my son would get frustrated if this happened? Thanks
Is it compatible with Thomas the train wooden trains?
Are the tracks themselves also plastic?
What the dimensions of this table?
is possible send to mexico city?
Can you use this table for other things (like to play legos on or something) if you don't have the train set up on it?
Is it compatible with the Thomas wooden set trains?
r these dishwasher safe if you want to clean them?
How big are the plates and cups? Could anyone tell the diameters?
Is it wood or plastic?
How big is the dish rack?
Does it cover the home button?
How do you put it on?
can you use the new telepods with the case on?
can you watch a movie with the cover on?
Can an adult push this?
Till wad age or weight, can the stroller be use?
does it fold up small?
Will this work for a reborns
will this fit 20 in baby dolls
child is about 32 33 inches is this carriage of right size for her
What is the hiehest hieght for the handle?
What is the shortest height setting on the handle ??
Is the shipping free to England?
What is the shortest setting the handle goes to? I'm looking into this stroller for my 2 year old twins who are 33" tall. Thank you!
I think the question is what does the actual loom look like? The box doesn't show it. Is the loom the adjustable one?
Do you have at least 5 of these?? I am looking to buy 5 but dont want to order if you dont have them or they are on back order
does it come with supplys ?
can you add more boards
Is the loom the same as the rainbow loom need a replacement broke the one in the rainbow loom kit
is this product latex free
is this a complete loom kit with loom, nothing additional needed to use this item?
what age is this for
this is the wrong loom can i return it
how does this work
Do you have to have the stable for the horses to work?
Do you have in stock? it is cinderella &amp; prince charming?
why is ariel pictured and the description says cinderella??
Why are two figures more than the whole castle?
If it's in stock why is estimated delivery date oct 4-October 28th. That's a 6-week span?
Does this break really easily? How durable is it?
What is it made of?
cant u ship to riyadh please
why does it break easly
How long does it last?
Why change the price if it was already quite!
Is this the real sword, as can be purchased on ThinkGeek? Or is this a cheaper replica?
is it good quality
does the loom fit in the loom box
do the dividers need to be cut or is the box already set up? Does the loom piece fit in as well?
is it worth the money?
How many boxes does it have?
Can I purchase more dividers for this box?
Does it come with all the supplies?
What shape clips does it have
What is the standard size of loom that can fit in your box?
how big is it?
Is there a vermote control?
Do you have it in Pink or any girlish colours?
Does the controller have the arrow-style buttons or the two joy-stick type buttons?
How long is the warranty?
Does this car require any assembly?
what colors do you have?
I want the car in white. Where do I state that?
will a full size barbie fit in this car??
does the remote have a button to dump the buccet
Does the bucket dump automaticly when the arms get high enuf or do you dump bt hand?
Can the bucket be raised by the remote?
What are the dimensions in inches of this product ?
These Toyr R Us Exclusive items are unique, identifiable by their UPC code found on the package. What is the UPC code being sold?
what series is this pack
is this platform specific?
does it work with the Magic Loom Kit?
does it have the loom
how many bands come in each container?
how long does it take to ship?
how big is it?
when i charge it what do i hook it to.''
Do you have to by any batteries?
how do you charge it.''
Are replacement motors available?
does it fly like a plane
how to get the controller to sync with the plane, I have 2 diferent planes by the same co. nither works so I assume it me...
how to get the controller to run the aircraft? it beepes as the instuctions say but cat get the thing to start turning the props??
What is the "durable unique material" of this plane? Is it similar to plastic? cardboard? foamboard? something more durable like metal or aluminum?
How do you turn the f-22 on and off?
Does this kit really come with the gold/yellow parts?
Does anybody know where i can get a spare right arm inner frame? The one that i have split along the double joint.
Does the funnels detach?
How long does this usually take to build?
Can you put the real grade strike freedom with HG METEOR?
Can you spray paint it with normal spray paint?
does it come with a stand
Can I have it ship to China?
after i buy it, do i need to build it or it is builded already?
does this kit come with the bandai action base
I want to use these dolls for a SUIDS training/how to safely swaddle an infant. Do the arms and legs lay fairly flat? Are they very poseable? Thanks
Is this a doll close to actual size to teach a newborn class to demonstrate diapering, dressing, bathing, swaddling?
If one orders this doll directly from Amazon (not third-party seller), do they receive exactly the same doll in the picture (this face/flower outfit)?
Is this doll scented?
Is this doll proportioned the same as a newborn baby? I Need a doll for a size model for baby clothes.
Wondering the difference between this doll, the JC Toy's Lots to Cuddle &amp; La Baby Doll Bird? All are 20"! Clothing is different, is that all?
The description reads "Cute baby doll features sweet assorted expressions". Will I get the expression I see here when I order?
is this baby's foot the size of a newborn? can this baby wear newborn shoes size 0 or 1?
does this doll have a cloth body, I want plastic
Can you give this doll a pacifier... and will it stay in the doll's mouth?
I want to use these dolls for a SUIDS training/how to safely swaddle an infant. Do the arms and legs lay fairly flat? Are they very poseable? Thanks.
I have heard some of these dolls have a strange odor - do they???
What are the alternative expressions of the doll's face?
Can you move the arms and legs into various positions?
Are the dolls arms and legs plastic up to Cloth body so you can buy short sleeve dresses?
Do this dolls eyes close?
Is clean-up easy with these finger paints?
Does the label state that it's non-toxic?
I know this finger paint says is washable, but i would like to know if somebody has let their little ones use them to paint in the bathtub?
What is the volume of each bottle?
Do you have to fingerpaint with this product or can you also use brushes?
Is this product Gluten Free? How can I see the list of ingredients ?
can these paints be used on canvas?
Is it ok for a 9 month old baby?
Once this dries does it stay good. I am thinking about having LO fingerpaint placemats for Moms bday. want to be able to wipe off without losing paint
What is the minimum age to start using this item? Will 10 months be too young?
does furby boom work with kindle fire hdx
Will there ever be a windows 8 furby app?
Is this ONLY compatible with iPad, iPod touch and iPhone? Or can this app be downloaded to Android devices?
Does Furby speak Chinese?
can be programmed in Spanish??
Can furby speak Chinese if grow up? I know it speaf furby language at beginning.
It can speak Chinese?
What personality is the furby boom houndstooth
do you need a app to operate this toy?
Do you need the APP in order to enjoy the Furby
I just want to make sure that the "frustration-free packaging" came with the original box as well (unlike others with same option). Thanks!
Does the sword stow on the back in robot mode similar to the Leader Class version? Can't find any pics online to confirm or deny. Thanks.
hello, I wonder about someone with the weight of the box that the toy amazon shipping and dimensions, so I have an idea of the cost of buying one, tha
Why are the sword and shield all transparent orange? The pictures have them as partly silver. Did anyone else have this happen?
can i get this shipped to the United Kingdom?
Does this toy come assembled?
If I got this for a 3 year old, would he out grow it quickly? I know the manuf suggests ages 18 mo-5 yrs. Just wondered some reviewer's opinions.
Does the handle stay up on it's own to be used by an early walker?
Does this toy make a really loud clicking noise when you push it, sort of like putting a playing card in the spokes of a bicycle?
Is this easy to push in the grass?
How long is the handle? I would like to have a toy mower for my 3 1/2 year old grandson. Will he outgrow it too fast?
How long is the handle? I would like to have a toy mower for my 3 1/2 year old grandson. Will he outgrow it too fast?
is this toy noisy
Can I take the handle off once I snap it on?
Is this really made in USA?
Can this be used outside on gravel or grass?
Does it have a "turbo" button/ can it reach speeds of 15mph?
Does it have a "turbo" button/ can it reach speeds of 15mph?
Does it have a "turbo" button/ can it reach speeds of 15mph?
do they smell bad?
do the pegs move from even to uneven
what age is this appropriate for?
how many rubber bands are in the box ?
does it come with the braider
What age child is it for
are the bracelets made of rubber bands
rainbow loom
are the tires rubber
is the bottom padded or do I need to get padded seats to be comfortable?
Does it work well on sand? We'll be on the beach all the time, does it work on all types what about for everyday use at other places?
What is the weight capacity? I'm wanting to use this to haul baseball or softball gear for an entire team.
Are there seat belts? My youngest will be 1 year at the end of the month and I want to make sure I can secure her in.
Does the pull bar control the front wheels or do they just wobble around?
Where is the canopy located when it comes in the box??
What are all of the dimensions, please, including the handle length?
Will this cart ever offer a choice of color?
Is it possible this cart could PUSH or PULL?
can you ship to canada?
Does it come in the box?
Is this item a pre-order? If not, is it an early release special?
Why would I pay you $14.99 when I can go to Walmart and get a case that is just as good, if not better for $4.99?
does this close?
If you shake and you have loom bands will the bands mix?
Do you sell additional dividers or know where I can find them?
About how many packs of 600 rubber bands will fit in here?
how do u set up each coompartment
do you get to set up your compartments what ever size you want
do it come with the loom and rubber bands
where would this be shipping from?
Is there a way to purchase more dividers?
is this the real Rainbow Loom or a different brand?
how many templates does it have?
does it come in a big, medium, or small box
what age group is this for?
how many beeds
is the loom adjustable? can you make them go side by side? and does it really come with 600 more rubber bands?
where are the directions?
Is the loom come with this kit?
does hook and pin included in this kit ?
Is the board a rainbow loom board
how many pieces
is this set worth it
Does it come with the hair on lloyd?
What does it do?
is this the 2014 new ninjago series
Can his armored vest fit on other characters?
How tall are these figures?
will McFarlane Toys be making anymore of the Walking Dead 10 inch figures??
This toy is appropriate for what age group?
Can the music be turned off as well?
Dimensions please
Does it fly?
can the sound be turned off and the plane still move?
does it come with instructions that a three year old can follow for assembly?
It only spins! Won't move!
What are the dimensions of this plane?
What is the age range that this toy is good for?
Are these the 4 inch figures?
Do the balls come off there hands
do they come with green stand to be mounted on
Are these the fullu articulated figures that can be posed?
does it have any bears players
Are they still in each individual package?
What kind of box can be used to store this along with all the game peices? Any suggestions/
Is this board compatible with Star Trek of catan?
Do you guys sell the middle strip individually? I have the 3-4 board. Thanks!
How do the settlements and cities stay in place? I can see indents for the roads to sit in but I don't see indents for the settlements and cities?
Does think accommodate Cities and Knights? I don't see a place for the ship to move when a black is rolled.
Is this board compatible with the 15th anniversary wooden set?
does it hold the cards and cites and settlements ? I would like to see it while set up for play.
Does this work with 5-6 player seafarers expansion? Can we buy another middle piece to make it work?
What is the difference between the Catan pre-2007 Adapter kit and a Catan Board?
Does this include the Thundurus ex card?
Does it it have any other EXs because my brother LOVE EX legendary cto get him cards. i want a good gift
Does it it have any other EXs because my brother LOVE EX legendary cto get him cards. i want a good gift
DOes this tin include ANY EX cards?
Does it it have any other EXs because my brother LOVE EX legendary cto get him cards. i want a good gift
do the back legs move? or are they just stiff?
How long will this take to ship? In the checkout it says it'll take about a month.
I need this item by halloween. I live in Georgia. Will I receive it by the 31st if I order it today?
how long will this take to ship to PA, i need by it by the 17th!!! Please let me know!!
in cm? How tall is Unicorn Ppillow Agnes in cm? Is it the kind of doll the child may take to sleep with on bed? or has it battery or anything like it?
does it like the photo?
does his tongue stick out?
is this rc truck all together when I receive it?
is it brushless
how i can increase the speed of the telluride? with pack batteries or with another motor?
can i request a color choice &amp; how ?
What colors do you currently have in stock?
Does it come with a 2 channel remote? I want to buy 2, one for each child. Thanks!
What's the difference between traxxas 67044 &amp; 67044T2?
My grandson wants the Red truck, is there something I need to do to order red?
I ordered a Telluride a month ago and it is orange in color . I will order another one if it is green. How do I do this?
how far will it drive away with the stock remote
Will it work as a cake topper?
Is this figurine 4.2 or 4.6 inches tall?
Do they come in original box?
Is this figure porcelain, ceramic, or plastic?
So this is a doll not a ceramic figurine?
how tall is she? how many inches?
How tall is this figurine?
If i didn't want fate/zero card could you arrange that in the 50 Random cards or random English edition?
If I purchase 4 of these, would I get two free SR holos?
Are there any Signature cards, Double Rares or greater?
Would it be possible to get a holo card from a single random 50 card bundle? Or is the only way to get a holo card at all is to buy two?
If it isn't to much to ask for, would it be alright to only ask for one specific series of the 50 random English cards, booster pack, and the PR card?
is the action figure flexible?
does it come with box
is this game good for 3ds
is this seirs 0
Why did the date change to February 10th?
Does anyone know when/if Amazon will be doing Pre-orders for the rest of the senshi?
Will Mars become available again?
is it a bootleg or authentic item? ._____.
Can I please see a picture of the official toei sticker?
How tall is she?
does this item come in its original box?
Is this really an original item? Is it possible to have a photo of the pachage of the item? from which country it is shipped?
I have heard his tail falls apart and is limp is this a common problem?
How tall is this figure, from head to feet?
Is this what he's gonna look lke in the Movie 2014 ?
Are they made in China or Japan?
does it move or make noise?
What has made this figure's price rise so significantly in such a short period of time? It used to be 74 dollars
Does this action figure have any small pieces?
will there be a s.h. monsterarts figure for the new godzilla
How can I get the full set of them?
Hi, what if I want a specific one, would you send that one if asked?
Hi, I was wondering how tall these figures were :)
Hi what age range would this tricycle be suitable for?
does it come with a foot stand for when they cannot reach the pedals yet
Can I accessorize this easily? Ex... adding streamers, a basket and bell/horn?
Does the steering work freely when the parent handle is attached? I'm concerned my daughter will turn us in random directions
Anyone have issues with kids feet getting hurt by the peddles hitting them or being dragged?
Can a two year old peddle while I push/walk at my own pace? (Can you disengage the peddle fro the tire)
My son is 40 inches tall. Is this too small for him?
I love this trike but am concerned about my son's feet dragging or getting caught. Is there any way around it?
I like this version because of the rubber inflatable tires. Does anyone know if the cheaper version of this has the same rubber inflatable tires?
Do the pedals move by themselves when being pushed or does the child have to put them in motion?
Are the bands latex free?
At about how many bands do you get for each color? (Not including the assorted)
Does this work with the Rainbow Loom?
does it come with the loom?
Can these bands be used on the Fun Loom?
what is the size
hi, how many rubber band for each color? Is it s clip or/and c clip? thanks.
Will my six year old be able to do it?
Will my six year old be able to do it?
Some people say that the glow in the dark is not included is it?
hello how do I order them all one color
Do they only come in pink and white? Is there a way to get all white?
Wait is it that 12 phones come when you get them?
can this be used just for a carriage
how high is the carriage from the ground and would it adjust high enough for an 8 year old?
does the stroller have any kind of cover? i see the zipper that looks like for a cover to attached, but had none in hte package...
Is this stroller too big for a 2 year old?
Hi, the description says it can be folded but your answer to this above says that it does not. Could you clarify please.
Can you fold this stroller up for storage or travel?
Hi - When you fold this stroller from the carriage to a seat does it look sloppy or does it fold in place nicely?
Are the garages wood or cardboard?
I inadvertently bought it for 1 year old, looked simple enough and the design was attractive. Is it too advanced for 1 year old ?
Do the wheels on the cars turn?
How many inches wide is it? I have a car track and would like to know if these cars will fit on it before I buy!
Do the cars need batteries?
How many inches wide is it? I have a car track and I would like to know if they will fit before I buy!
Would a 2-year old girl enjoy these as much as little boys?
Will these work on the Usborne "busy" books? Is there a middle wheel on the underside?
At what age do kids outgrow this? (What is the top of the age range that will enjoy this?)
how well do they ride on carpeting?
how well do they run on carpet?
Where is this imported from?
Does it say Police on top of the car?
Is the fabric part of the car machine washable? Thanks!
is there a way to intercept the signal of this to bring it down if it flies over my property? I don't want others snooping on my property.
does the camera move or adjustable at all or just point straight out
What all comes in the box?
How long is the battery life for flight time?
Please let me know if anyone has seen or heard of a Hubsan FULL HD 1080p
How much "video" recording time do you get?
How can I get the rechargeable battery out of the copter? I am afraid to just pull on the wire, and I cannot really get a grip on the battery itself.
Is it safe for Three Year old kid. Is it easy to assemble.
Buying this for my grandson. Do I need to buy a Micro SD card to record the pictures; If so, can the SD card be viewed thru his iPhone or Mac?
Do you have to keep varying the throttle to get it to hover? Or can you take you hand off the control and it will hover?
they are good quality
This is a total of 6000 bands?
are they latex and lead free?
your site said free shipping over $35 and it was available to be shipped to my location, but when i went to check out i got hit with $48 dollars +
do the bands break easily?
they break easy?
Why wouldn't boys like playing with this? (From description: "Girls will love reenacting their favorite scenes from the movie")
how big is it?
Is this Olaf the 'right' size for use with Elsa &amp; Anna 12" barbies?
Does anyone have the actual size of this Olaf? The answers vary from 4" to 12" which is a huge difference!
Is tis waterproof?
i see you can pop olafs head off. Does it actually pop off and shoot, or does it just kind of dislodge and fall off?
what is shipping cost to area code A1A4N8 in Canada?
I need the olaf doll by February 8th. would I receive it by then?
What is the material this is made of? And what does it do. The photos show it does something, but there is no decription!
if I order today and live in statesville nc-would I have it by feb 12
can boys use this
does it come with battereys
how to open when password doen't work
I got two for my nieces but once we opened the journal they could not lock again. How do we lock it?
Can you buy additional notebooks?
Is this diary better than the ever after high diary ?
this newspaper is in English or you can change the language to Spanish?.
Do you have to write with the invisible pen and use the black light only to read and write in the diary?
how big r the dolls?
Will Barbie clothes fit this Anna doll?
Is this doll set made by Mattel, from the Disney Store or is it made by an unknown manufacturer?
do their heads, arms and legs move? Like a barbie doll...to change their poses
How big are the dolls in inches?
Do Kristoff's pants come off or are they painted on?
are these 12 inch dolls?
are these from the original series or from a later one?
cayou give me and idea of how many cards are in this box total?
Will I be able to choose which of the 2 storage boxes I receive (Prophecy or Hope Ray Victory)?
Do you give all of these in the picture?
should i buy 10 of these?
Does it come with the extra roof-top piece?
How can i get an extra articulated Figma stand? The one I bought my daughter last week is broken.
Does Fulfilled by Amazon means they check if its real or bootlegs?
Does this seller (Roberts anime corner) sell mikasa with everything in box, instructions, bag
The seller ships from japan?
my mikasa didn't come with a bag or instructions
I noticed it appears to have extra sword blades, are those extras or are they permanently in there?
Does it include all 3 body positions also or it's just the angle of the picture? and how is the product packed? just to know if it can survive a trip
Does it include all 3 body positions also or it's just the angle of the picture
how tall is the figure?
how long does it take to charge
I got a v262 around Dece. 18 /13 and was very happy with the performense but about Dece. 30/13 my right rear motor went bad, wait do I do?
how big is it and how much weight can it hold
Can the remote be used with other 2.4Ghz RC's or just with the V262?
whats the max weight this can carry? i want to attach a camera to it.
How do you know when the battery is about to run out, and what happens if you don't land it soon enough?
Where can I find heatsink for it?
is this machine hobby quality or toy quality, i.e. does local hobby shops repair them or sell replacement parts?
is this v2 so i can plug their camera in?
Will this fly at higher altitudes? I live in Denver (5280') and would also fly it at higher elevations in the 7,000 - 9,000' range if possible .
Will this pair with the Samsung Galaxy Tab3 7.0 T217?
is this compatible with the verizon elipsis notebook?
My Galaxy tablet 3 says it is paired w/this new keyboard but I cannot make it work. Am I missing a step in the setup?
Does this case work with Tab 4?
Are these figures movable?
Can someone tell me what's in Wave 2 2014 if that even exists?
Did this Boba Fett have the Han Solo in Carbonite with it?
Are the 4 figures shone the ones that will be sent if ordered? would luv Han+Luke+Boba+Vader if pos. Thanks:)
The listing says "It's your chance to get Boba Fett, Greedo, Slave Leia, and Han Solo" and later "subject to change". What will I get?
Does this include the original box? Are these collector quality (meaning no dents, dings, scratches)?
are these latex-free?
Douse it break easaly
how long does it take to come
can these be used with Rainbow Loom?
Dose this come lose or with the package?
is it a fake or the real dean
Is this is retail packaging?
Is this figure only 6 inches tall?
Does this fit easily in the back of a minivan?
Is the Radio Flyer Canopy (purchased separately) compatible with this model?
what kind of canopy/umbrella do you use with this?
Hi! Does anyone know....would this fit into the trunk of a standard Prius?
What is the weight of the assembled wagon itself?
How does this handle hills? Would my kid facing backwards end up falling towards the opposite one, despite seatbelts? Or would it strain the seatbelt?
Can you add seat pads?
How does this handle on sand? Has anyone taken this to the beach?
are the wheels plastic?
Does this come with a canopy?
Does this come rtr or do you have to purchase anything else to get it up and running?
does it comes with battery?
What type of charger did you get for it. I want to get the lipo batteries, but will need to charge the batteries it comes with also.
Where can I buy spare Syma F3 Batteries on Amazon? I did a search and I did not see any. Is the F3 compatible with any batteries sold on Amazon?
Did it actually come with the extra battery? it says 2 battery's included but pictures show only one and a 2 port charger. Can someone confirm has 2?
Dose this have a sideways flight mode other than up,down,FWR,BW.Left,right?like the Blade helows
Will the control transmitter that came with my V911 work with this copter?
Does anyone know why the servo that controls left and right roll would be acting on its own without input from the remote control? It's brand new.
I understand from reading that this helicopter comes with two batteries. But does it use two batteries at the same time or only one?
Why does the descrition make the claim this one is "Better than V911 RC helicopter" In what way? How is it better?
(Jan-Feb 2015) People have been receiving a fake "ei-hi" brand heli rather than a genuine Syma F3. Is this still a problem? Will I get a real one?
HOW do I put my controller into MODE ONE? My owners manual says the default mode is mode1, which is the ONE I WANT TO USE! BUT: I only see MODE2!
can this be used indoor?
My basement ceiling is about 8 1/2 ft. Will the height of the rim and the arc of the shot work at this height?
What is the clearance height you need for this item to be able to shoot?
how does this register shots--electronic or manual lever?
I have a 7 ft ceiling (approx 85-86 inches) - do you think that will work with this game?
how easy is this to fold up? Is it a simple click or does it take time/effort each time to collapse?
Does this keep accurate score?
Does this unit run on AC, an AC adaptor, or Batteries. I see conflicting responses in the questions here.
Does this product include the four basketballs pictured? This is not clear in the product details.
Does anyone know the dimensions of this while it is in the box? Need to know if it will fit in my vehicle. Thanks!
Does it use batteries or does it plug in for the games?
What size hole do you drill and does it need to be in a 4x4 beam? Even though she gets on my nerves, I really don't want her to fall, I guess. :)
What are you using to control the overall height of the hanger? I'd like to be able to position above my bed and in a position that I could stand.
How do you install this? I purchased last month.
Does the ceiling anchor need to have an open hook or can it be a closed eye?
how wide is the swing seat? and how much weight is this swing designed to hold?
Could you tell me what is the weight rating for the swing with the spring?
Did anyone get Slo Mo "free" during the Target promo last week?
how long will it take to come
Hi. Do you offer international postage? I'm in Australia and would love to get my hands on one of these dolls :) Thanks
So this one has clawed hands?
why is it so expensive
does it come with a stand?
Where is it made? China?
What is the filling inside these blocks made of? Cotton or foam?
What is the age range listed on the box?
What are the dimensions of the blocks? I'd love to know how big they are.
can you wash it?
Are letters on one side of all blocks?
Are they made in USA?
Where can I see the full list of games?
Your discription of the games is a little confusing. Does this have king of fighters 98?
Is Sengoku on it?
Is this for a slot1 neogeo?
Is this cartridge compatible with the new Neo Geo X Gold - Limited Edition?
the cartridge system usa or japan or free free region
Does this 161 in 1 cart work with credits? Meaning when you put quarters in does it register with the cart?
Is this cartridge for the NEO GEO AES Home system or is it for the Arcade machine?
does this fit the new version
How long it will take to ship it to Philadelphia PA
I am not shure of my model number. Only Hubsan X4 on the box. I measured motor diameter. It is 7mm. Will your guard fit 7mm motors?
What color are these and are they hubsan parts or knock offs
hi will this play in Australia?
Does the set also have english subs and Japanese original audio options?
Hi, and spanish subtitles?
Is "The Wind Also Rises" On this DVD set?
Does this work in region 1(United States)? or on any certain systems like an xbox?
Is ponyo disney dub? How about the other movies?
What region are these dvds?
Are all of these movies in perfect English language? I dont feel like reading subtitles all day. And are they all in full length or edited versions?
Hi, is the Totoro the Fox dub or the dub featuring the Fanning sisters?
Can you tell me if the movies are in full screen or widescreen?
does it sink like the real one
What dose it do
do you think I should get it?
does it go fast or come with an iceberg
how big is it ?
Does it float on water?
desperate to find a toy like this but, they will not ship to Canada:( any ideas on where I can find one of these or something similar.
Is it submergeable even though it has a battery?
Is the detail good and does it come with accessories like lifeboats or anything ?
Does it come with a preloaded game or just the $20 app card?
Does this Leap Pad work with batteries , the recharger pack or does it have a lithium ion battery?
does this have a headphone jack?
What is included in to bundle?
age level?
does the case included have storage for games
can a 15 inch macbook fit in ?
is it for boys/men as well? and can i have the measurements in inches please
can a 11 inch mac book air fit
Will it fit a couple college textbooks and/or a 15-17" laptop?
Can it fit a 17 inch laptop?
Is this backpack machine washable?
Was this bag used by a character in the anime or manga?
Do you wear it like a backpack or can it be held like a messenger bag with a shoulder strap?
Is there a pouch on the outside to hold a water bottle?
Is it waterproof?
Will the magical loom n the rainbow loom connect
so does the loom itself brake really easily or do you think it is fine for me to use?
Will the magical loom n the rainbow loom connect
Does it breaks easily ?
Does the loom can be separate?
Does it come with charms?
are there lots of bands
Does the loom come apart?
What kind of loom comes with it?
can the parts come off like the rainbow loom
do wheels spin 360?
How does it "roll"? Can a four year old roll it easily without it tipping?
Does this luggage fit under an airline seat?
Is this product functional for a childs weekend vacation or it is smaller, something they can pull along to get in on the luggage action?
Size of Spider-Man polycarbonate hard shell spinner luggage case?
Are the wheels strong enough to survive luggage handling?
What;s the age range for this item?
How many pairs of clothes we can fit ? and can we put around 5-7 kg of weight in this bag? Will it be able to handle it ?
Does it fit under an airline seat? Or would it have to go in the overhead bin?
does its wheel have light?
how quick can it ship I need May 10th
can you check it in for flight
I want a hard-shell Disney princess luggage--is this one hard-shell
What is the size?
what are the dimensions of this suitcase?
just a few days ago, i placed an order for this product from ToyWiz but how many colors are there?
How many clips does it come with??? My daughter needs to know how many she can make per kit so she can make a profit. Thank you for reading my question. =)
Are the colors bright?
There are a mix of good and bad reviews on here. Are they good or not? Please explain why.
Does is include any glow in the dark?
The ad says 1800 bands and yet many complain they do not receive nearly that many--- has this issue been addressed? Thank you
What colors are they ? Does is come wiht white ?
Have Rainbow Loom kit, but are there any "how-to" books for these bracelets? Have plenty of bands!!!!
Will these work for wrapping around diapers for a diaper cake? I need small colored rubber bands and was wondering if these would work.
Are the rubber bands strechy?
What is the recommended age group for this item?
What is the size of this plane ?
How big is this item? Measurements?
how big is the airplane?
Does it have different sounds ?
whats the age level of this ?
Is this lamp includes the spanish language ?
Is this lamp includes the french language ?
Does it come with batteries and if not what size does it take?
Does it come package in a fisher price toy box
the sound of the lamp comes in Spanish?
Does this lamp have an option to just stay on and give still light (to read by, for example)?
that brings language?
Thanks for the reviews about the lamp, but no one says a thing about the book that is included. Can someone give me details about that book? Thank yo
is it a fisher price toy box
is this good for a 4 year old boy?
is this a good gift for a music teacher who plays the drums? or should i just go with the bluw finger drums?
Does the toy contain lead? Does it have the warning for the same? One customer has stated so in the review.
Does the toy contain lead? Does it have the warning for the same? One customer has stated so in a review. Can someone please confirm.
is this a kids set or can a 15 year old use it
Do you have one of these in blue? I am trying to find a blue one and can't tell if yours is red or silver.
can you fly it outside?
how long does it last
batteries for remote control
can fly outside
Does this have LED lights?
It says it doesn't come with a battery. Do I need to buy one separately?
does this have the capability to hover in place? I've purchased other helicopters like this and they only moved forward. Thanks
does the charge cdome with it
Is this hell suitable for young children?
Could an 8 year old fly this?
Can u fly them outside?
What is the difference between a 3 channel RC radio remote control and 3.5 channel?
Does it come with the remote
The bottom rotary blades have stopped working. Is there a fix?
Just recieved my s107g and cant get it to fly for more than 4 seconds.Takes off like everything is fine and then just stops mid air and crashes.Ideas?
Has anyone been able to swap out a bad battery and replace it for this model?
i would like to run three at a time is this possible?( of course three people)
can it break easy
If it is infrared control, why is it listed as RC? RC means RADIO CONTROL!
Bought this as a gift for someone. Does this charge the battery by usb port? What if the person its going to doesn't have a computer? What kind of charger (specifically) should I purchase? Any specifics would be a huge help.
Is this product in the exact color scheme pictured? I've ordered 3 so far from amazon only to get the older white s107.
Does this have any LED lights on it? Thank you!!!
How do i make it work with 220v?
Can I Charging the helicopter from the wall with a USB wall plug in.
I have no use of my right thumb. Can I still fly this?
Can it hold a gopro?
I'm asking again because I'm hoping to get more info. Mine hovers about 6 inches off the ground, veers to one side and then crashes. Why?
is it good outdoors?? plz help
what kind of battery does the tranmitter use? AA or AAA or 9V
how long does it stay up
What would happen if I used a 1S 25C battery to replace the 20C battery for the helicopter? It's a different li-po battery with 3.7 volts.
Is the battery on board the helicopter replaceable?
is it for outdoors?
So it seems the battery is included. Will someone please verify for me?
Question...where is the "channel selector" on the aircraft? I want to fly them together... Many thanks!
Will I be able to use it right out of the box or will need to buy batterys ? Thank you ...
Are there extra parts I can order ?
I just bought one of these for my 12 year old son. He charged it and flew it once..the second time we charged..the chopper no longer lifts up..ideas?
does it come with a remote
Is it included remote controller?
Do you recommend this one for outside?
is it worth buying have $60 what do u recomend
physical size
does it have a working rudder /steering system?
do I have to build it when it arrives
I am a "Granny" do you think a 13 year old can fly this airplane ?? HELP
is it ready to fly?
How long does the plane fly for
why so many poor reviews? think people are expecting too much for the money or is this a real "cheapo" plane? thx
how many motors on the aircraft
do they break easily?
do they stretch better than others of are they hard to stretch?
I noticed Amazon has lowered the price on this item. Why do they keep advertising them as glow in the dark, when obviously they do not ? PLease fix!
Do they really glow in the dark? Its fine if they don't but if they don't are they good colors?
Do they glow under blacklight?
So to make it brief - does your product contain phthalates?
There is a Cancer warning out there - do you have any proof that your product does not fall under that warning ?
WHAT TAKE SO LONG FOR IT TO COME!
Do they really glow in the dark? Its fine if they don't but if they don't are they good colors?
Can you buy it for free???
Hello.I would like to know if it comes in the Mattel Brown shipping carton?Also is the box in perfect shape?Thank you
Is the entire outfit removeable?
how much would shipping cost to Brazil?
Can I ship ot to Brazil?
Can the Anna doll be used as a cake topper?
when you put you Anna castle together, did the blue sparkly tower fall off?
Can the castle be used as a cake topper?
Does this room playset work with the glitter-glider princess castle with ramps &amp; dance floor?
Does this attach to the Disney glitter glide castle set? Or is it a stand alone toy?
How tall is the castle?
can a anna barbie doll fit inside this castle ?
Is this a Magiclip doll? Can the clothes be changed like Magiclip dolls?
Does the doll's dress have little rollers underneath to be used with the glitter glider castle set?
Is this made in USA or China?
Kotobukiya said that the Hulk statue was supposed to ship this month (March) but here it says we have to wait till April 30th. Whys that?
It doesn't look like this statue is part of the 'Marvel Now' line. Can someone confirm or deny this? Thanks!
Hi, can you ship to brazil? how much?
what is he made of diecast metal or what????
What is the weight of this statue?
Is the $64.99 preorder for this statue going to be the final price for preordering, or will there be another charge?
what is the statue made of
Do you have to press a button to hear finn and jake talk?
what kind of batteries does it use?
What is the length of the sword itself without the box
Just purchased: sounds work fine but only if you jerk the sword sharply. Button works only in demo mode. Does this match others' experience? Thanks!
How many colors does it change to
How in the world do I change the battery? It looks sealed to me, there are only 2 screws on the base of the top hanging part
are they $21.00 a piece
How big are they?
Approximately how long should the battery last. And is the battery easily to change?
How many in a pack of these? Or is it just one?
How many lights come in the pack?
how many come in a pack?
is it stainless steel
How many lights do they come in?
is there an extension of the track? I would like to make the track a little bit longer...
We have only hard wood floors - will this work?
The dimensions given appear very small. Is this a smaller scale train toy than the other "Thomas Train Toy" cited in Amazon?
Hi I purchased this recently and had it shipped to Australia. I used a plug adapter so it would fit our powerpoint. The battery doesn't charge
Does this work ok on carpet? I was wanting to put the tracks up in a carpeted room.
About how long does the battery last for before it needs to be charged?
Will this work on carpet, on and/or off the track?
Would it be possible to ride and push it as a normal and simple ride , without the power?
Is 40 pounds the real max weight for a child?
What is the diameter of the track
HOW MANY RUBBER BANDS ARE THEIR?
does this package come with s-clips
Are the clips c-clips or s-clips?
how many S clips are in there
Are the rubber band two colored?
are the 300 pks and the 1200 pks they look different in the pics just dont want dark want the light like in the 300 pic but would like 1200 pk
Are these latex free?
Are these the same as the silicon bands for making bracelets, etc on the loom?
Can It Have Free Shipping Please
max speed?
how fast does it go
will this car be ok for a 8 year old? will he be able to control it in the street?
How do you pick which color you get? I don't see an option to pick color.
Do 1/16 parts fit this car?
Anyone know of compatible wheels/tires for this besides stock?
Which is the maximum voltage of batteries can accept this car?
comes with wall charger ?
May I choose the color?
what parts should i get from the hobby shop to make it run better
can this be taken apart?
how many inches long and wide is this product?
Im trying to find a box before this gets here to put it in what are the dimensions for the box this comes in?
how do I play
CAH Staff -- are you going to answer the question, "when will this be in stock again?"
Age group
Will this ever be back in stock?
for those that have all of the expansions, which of the 2-5 would you recommend?
do I have to have the original CAH before I can get the Cards Against Humanity: Fourth Expansion or can I just purchase the expansion pack?
This card is the usa version?
This card is the usa version?
Can you play this game only with the fourth expansion?
i want the most offensive and obscene expansion possible. which one should i get?
from the pictures, it looks like the black microphone head (the part you sing into) is foam. Is that correct, or is it hard plastic/metal?
I plug in the auxiliary cord in the jack and the other side in my ipod and it does not work. What am I doing wrong?
How long is the microphone cord?
Can I use any cd's like Kids sing along type in this Karaoke Stage Microphone Set ?
Can we use it as a separate microphone without connecting an ipod or mp3 player?
Where can I buy a second microphone and at what price? I have two 'entertaining' grandchildren who love to sing together.
can you get a plug for the machine, or is it just battery powered
How tall can you make the microphone stand?
can I put in children's music CD's
What age bracket does this fall in?
I have twin boys and need 2 RC cars... if I buy 2 of these will they interfere with each other??
How large is this car? And do you think a 7 year old would enjoy it?
how long does a charge last?
I bought this for christmas last year and one of the wheels broke. The repair would be really easy if i can buy a replacement wheel. Are any avail?
Can this be used outside to drive on dirt mounds and over tree roots, etc?
the antennae on the handheld remote cracked... can a replacement be acquired
I bought these for christmas and both of their antennas broke within an hour of playing. Where can I get replacement antennas and what size
Could this be used in the snow?
what ages are considered safe to play with this car?
can you purchase a second battery
Do you have to have an apple computer to make it work?
Does it talk
what can you use to charge
Does it do flips
what type of batteries does this take? i wanted to get one for my son he would love it but the descprition of the toy is in real detailed
is this the 4G version
what type of batteries?
What do we. Do if tekno ball isn't working ? Can we get another ball. !!
No do u get him to hold his ball and play with it. ?
What are the AG13/LR44 batteries for. Tekno dog
What kind of batteries does the remote take?
Would you be able to tell me the type of motor and motor drive associated with this RC car?
How is the car powered? is it usb rechargeable?
Do you know the wheel base from center of axle to axle
What batteries are needed in the remote control?
i bought 2 of these and they both run off same controller, is there anyway to change frequency one one so both kids can have fun
Is this car for inside or outdoors?
How long does the battery last?
does this car only go forward and back? do the front wheels turn?
Does this car drift?
How much helium do I need to fully inflate the balloon? (maybe 3.25 cubic ft? I might be way off...)
Do these baloons have that "anagram" rainbow logo actually on them or is it just in the images on amazon?
what is this?
I LOVE this balloon! I need it by Wednesday 2/26. Is it possible to get it that fast?
How long will it take to receive this item?
I need two clockwise and two counterclockwise replacement motors . Do you sell them this way ?
Is there any soldering involved when replacing the motors?
Hi, do the motors come in clock wise and counter clock wise, thanks.
How do we select if replacement motor is clock wise or counter clock wise motor?
How would you rate this compared to the original kit? We are currently overseas so I can't personally compare. I hear they are all the rage.
How many rubber bands do we get with the kit?
Does this have a organizer
Does the board break easily
What color is this one? i have 2 pinks and a purple so could this one be a different color? i just bought :)
Does it come with clips
what is the shipping and handling price
how many c clasp come in box
does the loom pieces move
how many packs are there
Are these genuine Pokemon cards? This is my first purchase of japanese Pokemon cards and they are so different than im used.
So, is this the booster box? as in 36 booster packs in it?
Do these boxes contain 1st edition cards?
how much floor space do you need to set this up?
Does this set come in a retail box? Or just a brown amazon box?
Does this ramp work well with match box and other types of cars? Or just hot wheels brand cars?
Would this be appropriate for my grandson's 3rd birthday? (I know that the recommended age is 5-12, but he really loves cars!)
does this set include any hot wheel cars?
My daughter loves this and she wants to know why Amazon is calling it "do it yourself fun for boys."
does it come with that little plane pictured?
How wide are the individual tracks?
does this set have propulsion?
Can the new tracks still connect to the older style track?
My 3.5 y.o. wants this for just the track with a shark that eats the cars - does anyone use this without water and with other hot wheels cars?
Does this float? I want something for the tub :).
What age is it recommended for?
Does this make any noise, need any batteries, etc? I've got a sensory-challenged child.
What is the measurement of the box?
Is the microwave door to thin or flimsy to add on something like a small/slim drawer handle?
Is this tall enough for a five year old?
Do the play parts come with the kitchen set? cookware and toy veggies/cupcakes?
Why does the microwave not have a handle?
what are the dimensions
how do I fly multiple heicopters in the same room
, would you recommend this as a gift for bright 5 year old to be be used w/adult supervision?the age specified can be just be legal cover for the mfr.
is this an indoor or outdoor copter or both
How does the "threadless" feature work? Is the fabric fusible &amp; attached thermally by the machine?
Can you use any type of fabric or is it some special "so cool" fabric that only works with this machine?
Why is this product $60 here, when Toys R Us is selling it for $30?
Is it red or pink? I'm looking for a sewing machine for my son that is NOT pink.
How does it feed the fabric in?
Does it run on batteries or could I get dc cord for it or something?
We have the kits but not the machine. Can we use the kit with a regular sewing machine?
What good is this machine if you cannot replace the needles?
Can you use other fabrics with this machine?
Got this today, having so many problems with it! Just trying to put 2 peices of felt together it jams up immediately.
does this connect to youtube
would like to know if you can change the spanish language
To use in the United Kingdom do we just need to attach a plug to the AC adaptor provided and fit in our sockets ?
does this include warranty?
The description says rechargeable battery pack, does this mean it comes with the rechargeable batteries?
Is this compatible with all Innotab games?? (We had an Innotab 2 that quit working, just wondering if she would be able to use her old games on this.)
Can a smart 5-year-old play this game? Can someone describe what the categories are? Thanks.
We have already run through all the cards. Can I buy more cards somewhere?
Is this the same heads up game that can be downloaded to an ipad. I want to get this for my daughter for christmas but I want it for her ipad.
is it good for just 2 adults?
Where can I purchase the game as it appears on the Ellen Show?
Can this game be adapted for play by more than six players?
Is this fun for adults? The product description says ages 8+ but the prod. details say 8-13.
Does this set include the collector box and book along with the girl elf?
how big is this
What is the difference between this set and the regular girl elf on shelf product? Thanks!
Does it come with the skirt?
what does it include?
Does this set include the book with the girl elf character or boy?
Does this set include the skirt that is shown in the picture and is the girl elf that is included the exact same one that is shown in the picture?
just wanted to clarify on thee box below the pictured elf it states ( elf sold separately ) does the elf doll come with it ? Thanks
originally advertised to have the SS Rune symbols on the chopper like the TV series. Why has it been replaced?
Why can't the money be taken off my card when I pre-order. Whats the point of pre-ordering if the money isn't taken out now.
Is the motorcycle full size so the Daryl figure can sit on it?
I notice that the left bicep on the picture appears flawed or to have a notch of paint taken out. Is that the case or just the pic?
can i buy a copy of darryl's vest
Hi, please could you tell me the box dimensions? i&Acirc;&acute;d like to calculate the shipping cost from USA to other country.
I have a few figures and was wondering if anyone has taken them out of the packages? I'm dying to but don't want to ruin their value...I'm so torn.
is this figure and chopper in box
does it come with a stand to display on a table or desk?
Dose it free for international delivery (Taiwan) ?
How does Taffy pee?
is there a place to buy more bones &amp; poops for the dog?
What age is this for?
Is Barbie fully articulated?
How do you get the dog bones out that are stuck inside the dog? I tried pipe cleaners and a wire hanger. Nothing.
Anyone figure out how to retrieve the bones that get stuck inside the dog?
How is this latest version different from the last version released by Mattel? (Other than the box design)
I just bought a used one and there are 3 pieces missing. Is that a problem or could I still play the game? Thanks
Can someone confirm the size of the game board? Is it around 10"? This latest version has a small retail box. So I want to confirm the game board size
Would it be possible to ship today if I pay today? What's the estimated shipment receipt for NY, NY 10024? Thanks
Does this only come as the japanese box version?
What's the difference v older one? I see it's slightly smaller but are the tiles any different size, weight, feel?? Thx!
I noticed that all the writing on the box for the new version is not in English. Are the directions only written in these languages?
Are the clips s clips or c clips?
Are these Rainbow Brand refills or not? I only bought them because I thought they were. I hear the off brand are awful and do not work well.
What colours does this pack contains?
Are the different color bands mixed all together in the package. or are there separate colors in sorted packets?
how many colours?
does it come with a board?
the box comes with a cap?
does it have s clips or c clips??
Is it sexy
are these silicone bands?
are the slots adjustable?
What is the glitter glue for?
Does the case have a handle? Are the compartments adjustable?
are these bands durable?
does it come with the hook?
are the colors in this kit varied
does the actual loom and loom tools come with this kit?
is the compartment adjustable to fit the loom ? does it have handle ?
We just received the kit and what is the expected dimensions for this? Also we haven't opened the plastic wrapper, &amp; there are no c clips.
is it durable
Does the DEVO 7 show live video feed on it's screen?
Simple question folks. Does it come with a hand held remote controller or not. Thanks?
why are they made of styrafoam
Is the control signal "line of sight" only? I want to scan hunting areas and will lose "line of sight" when the drone flies over pine tree plantings.
Does this come with Devo 7 transmitter or is it an option?. It says with Devo 7
does it come with the gopro mount and the RC with the color screen?
what is the range?
Hi, Anyone have the dimensions of the box where it the shipment? Thk..
it is compatible with all models of GoPro?
how does the live video transmit using a GoPro camera, does it transmit to the remote controller..??
How big is this drone? I don't believe the description says it. Thanks!
anyone know which battery should i get for this? mind to provide a link ? thank!!!
In the product specifications, it says that the remote control included, but is it REALLY?
Bought a BNIB return. Need to know what I should buy radio &amp; batteries etc. Got a great deal, Any help appreciated
Does the QR X350 perform ALL GPS and altitude hold functions when used with DEVO 10?
Hello I have a question about the QR X350Pro can i useWalkera QR X350Pro BNF with hitech aurora 9 with 2.4GHz DSSS for Hitec module function ?
I have a newer devo f12e transmitter by Walkera and would like to know if it would work with this unit.? Also how hard is it to program it if it is
does it come with remote control
hi i just broke my walkeraqrx350 i still have batteries &amp; remote is a devo 7 if i buy this quadracopter is my old remote just turn on and play?
Is it strong enough to carry a GoPro Hero3?
Are all of these figures waterproof?
Do arms move?
Is it too small for a three year old/?
Are the little snow patches theat they are standing on come off or they one solid piece of plastic?
are these figures the same scale9 appoprate ) size as the disney frozen castle &amp; ice palace
Do you ship to south Africa ?
Do these dolls stand?
are the clothes plastic or material?
are these officially licensed?
Can all the characters stand unaided?
her arm and legs are poseable
Can you change the clothes on this doll?
Is this doll 100% and original Disney Store doll?
Does she sing
is the wrist also poseable / articulated?
her arm and legs are poseable
why is the Anna doll so much more than the Elsa doll?
comes with purple cape and headband?
are original Disney Store?
Are the arms and legs moveable??
Does doll look exactly as pictured? Does box say Disney?
is she fully poseable
Is this doll the size of a Barbie doll?
Does she have a crown?
is the gown a whole dress or painted on?
Are her clothes removable and do barbie clothes fit Elsa doll?
Does the glitter come off?
do eyes open and close
Do you find the posable joint feature annoying? I feel like it would be annoying to have to pose the hands and feet all the time and have them turned
Hi I cancelled my order with you. This is Carlos. If I order it today when could it arrive ?
There are many retailers selling this at varying prices. Whom should I buy from to get an authentic/licensed Disney product and not some knockoff?
does it talk
I need this item ASAP! How soon will I get it if I placed the order today (June 2, 2014)
Does this doll only sit down or can he look like he is standing?
does it come in the original packaging?
Just wondered if it could be shipped by May 27th??
Is this the Olaf from the Disney Store?
Is this the pull apart olaf?
Is this an authentic product licensed by Disney or is it a reproduction of an authentic Disney product?
well the one i purchased has some loose stitches and i am using a 3ul size blower i bought and seemes like no bounce and deflates im woundering blower
what size blower do i need for this?
Does it come with the blower to inflate it
How many cups are the 11lbs?
Can someone tell me what country the sand is manufactured in? I have my concerns about Chinese products. Thank you in advance.
Why does the price keep going up?! It was just 20 dollars less two weeks ago!
Is this same brand as sand by Brookstone? What's the difference?
Would this product be suitable as a writing surface when spread into a flat area, for students to practice 'tracing" letters as you do with regular sand....for tactile and multisensory writing practice? Thanks for responses.
If this starts to dry out, can you add a little water to restore it to its original state?
Can this be used in a covered outdoor sand table? Its covered but not air tight. So there is a chance for rain and air to get in.
Just curious and guessing it most likely wouldn't work but has anyone had good results with coloring it maybe with food coloring?
what color is the sand?
Does the sand need to be kept in an airtight container? Or, would a simple covered container suffice?
Can the rockts be customized (decorated) or is it just put the premade rocket on the launcher and stomp?
How are the lights controlled? Do we have to flip a switch? What kind of batteries?
How many rockets come with this item and what size should I buy extra if only one comes with it.
How many rockets actually come with this kit? In the product description in one place it states 4 &amp; then at the end states 2.
Is this JUST the rockets or does it have the launcher as well?
Are they silicone or are they rubber? Silicone I got elsewhere have semi-translucent look to them that these don't &amp; there was no identifying label.
does it come with clips for the braclets
Are these compatible with the square potholder loom?
what would the tax be
how much is the shipping
What colors actually come in the package?
Are these truly latex free?
How many clips does it come with?
is there orange and white bands in the refills???
i still don't understand why only two pins in? where does the rudder input go?
Would there be any problem using this 3 axis gyro on a 2 channel plane like a sailplane with no ailerons? Would assume no problem but what you think?
Does anyone have problems with the device twiching the flight controls periodicallyy? Installed on a flying wing corrections are correct otherwise.
will this gyro self level an airplane ?
Will this work with spektrum TX and Receivers
I have dual aileron servos. This unit has only one aileron in/out channel. So should I use a servo reverser for the second aileron channel?
Will this work with elevons, no rudder? (ie: zeta FX-61)
Will it work with aileron - radar mixing? (mixing in programed in transmitter)
Hello, I don't understand why only 2 in and 3 out? I need a really 3 axis gyro.
is this unit capable of turning the stabilization on and off while in flight? if so how is that accomplished?
how many ducks come in this?
Some mentioned long shipping. Is this coming from china? how long is "long" shipping?
Are they too small for toddlers to play with ?
do they come in company packaging? i ordered from another amazon post and they were just wrapped in bubble wrap.
Which seller is shipping from US? I need this soon. Thank you?
Do these ducks float upright?
Is this for 12 ducks, because the pictures show only 10 ducks?
What is the length, width and thickness? I need this for a wireless microphone? Any experience with that? The space I have is 5cm x 1.8cm x 0.5cm?
what is recomended with this kit (hubsan x4 H107C with HD camera
Does this fit Hubsan-H107D-FPV-Mini-Quadcopter?
works in hubsan x6?
Battery causes Charger to blink, is that normal?
Are you supposed to take off the clear or blue plastic (original and replacement) that comes on the battery?
how long does it take for this to charge?
how come it says 380mah on the batteries if there suppose to be 500mah? Do yours say 380mah to?
Can this battery be charged with a 5VDC, 500MA , USB AC adapter or plug
Need confirmation that this will fit the Upgraded http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00F... and wont stick out, i need one like the original battery
Am trying to find out how many cubic inches of Sand is in 2.2 lb container. How deep is that much Sand when spread out evenly over bottom of Sand Box?
doe a this come with the sand? or is it just the sand box?
how many jars of SAND does the sandbox hold?
I ordered and got sand, no box. Wasn't the wooden box suppose to come with it?
Does this sand need to be covered for protection?
How deep is this?
How much kinetic sand can fit in this sand box?
My understanding is that kinetic sand must be kept in an air tight container. Is there a like for this box?
Is this a model kit -- or does it come built (an action figure)? Just confused because some model kits say "action figure"...
why is it being released in Feb, while it was already released in Jan? If I order it now, will I be ensured that there will be stock? Thanks.
what scale?
So, you actually do need the controller circuit board in order for this to function, correct?
Does the controller come with it? How is it powered?
Can it be used with a mobius camera?
Do I need any additional electronics to use it with the DJi Phantom ?
Is this really comes with 5600 Silicon Bands?
Is this something a six-year old could use?
is it a scam like others i've bought
How do I make things with funbands?
Can I hook 2 of these together to make longer bracelets?
What are the measurements of this (height and width) in the "low" configuration?
How tall is it?
I just bought this item and it's missing the wide base. It only comes with the narrower version? How do you get it to look like the pictures?
can you deliver this product to Bangalore, India ??
I am considering this grill for our 3 year old son - he is 36 inches tall. Would this grill, in the "upright" setting, work for him?
how big is this??
where are the door fasteners and screws??
Will the stickers and plastic on this grill be okay if we store it outside next to our grill? It will be under cover but will get some wind and rain.
there are 2 different grills in pictured in the photos which one is correct ?
Does this require batteries. It lights up, so I am thinking it must need batteries but the description doesn't specify that batteries are required.
how tall is the Elsa doll?
How much does it weigh?
Do you know where I can purchase the Elsa doll separately? I bought this used but the doll was not included.
Is the Elsa doll a magic clip doll?
how long the elsa doll and how long castle in full?
Does this connect to the glitter glide castle set?
is the castle an OK toy?
Where is it coming from ?
Hi, I put this in my cart and now it has moved to the save for later and says no longer available?
is his kamehameha the same as cell's?
Is it 6 feet tall?
why does it cost so much is there no cheaper way to ship it?
Is this figure in it's original package?
Hello. Does it come inside the original s.h figuarts brown box?? Or just some random box?
Are the interchangeable faces and hands usable with the super sayian version of the Goku figuart? I know the eyebrows won't match.
Does it have the bandai logo on the box? That is a sign of it being the real version not bootleg
Do his legs break if they are bent straight forward?
how many days would it take to get to me
Hello, transport box comprises a brown?
Will this product be shipped in a box? And how is the condition of the product's packaging?
does the box state 20years anniversary Mighty morphin power rangers logo or the japanese power rangers version? thanks
Does this item have the 20th anniversary on the box?
Does this come with the North American Packaging?
Are these figures collectables?
When is this going to be available from Amazon?
how high are these? are they plastic? are the legs moveable?
THis is very expensive. I bought exactly like this at Target for $15.00. Why is it sooo overpriced?
do the accessories come with this set of figures
what is the difference between the mindcraft core figures and the set of 4 you buy together? are they the same size figures?
Is this Minecraft set of 4 part of the Overworld Series, or the 2.5 inch Core Series?
Is the rainbow loom going to be a teal color?
how much is shipping
How do you take this loom board apart? Do I need a special tool for this?
Is the loom board coming? I heard reviews said there wasn't...
Does this come with the loom
How many s clips will be included in the package?
I don't het the directions? And how do I take them off? Do you have a book you can send me on this?
do u know how to make wter fall star burst inverted ... BY UR FINGERS
How many color bands does it have?
Are you able to ship it to maui Hawaii?
How big exactly are they? Could someone measure a cube and PLEASE let me know - I am most grateful. THANKS!
how small / how big are the blocks? thank you
In what country is this made?
How do these compare to the Melissa and Doug building blocks?
What are the sizes of the blocks?
Are these smaller than the 42 block set?
Where are they manufactured? U.S.A?
What size are the blocks
Is the wood treated with any chemicals?
where are these made
The listing says Rose but the package says Reo Violet? Which would I actually get? I've seen the Rose packages and I don't really care for them.
Are these made of silicone?
how many rubber bands do they have?
Can you provide dimensions of these including how big they stretch? I need clear rubber bands for a project and the right size is tough to find!
Is this a rainbow loom product, or is it another brand?
the bag in the picture says Colorful loom bands and has many colors, not including clear. is that what you get?
Does this version come with all the DLC's?
good day. the game is completely in Latin Spanish.
Anyone know if this game is still actively played online? I don't want to be waiting too long for a match.
Can this game be played locally without an online connection? I have a 750 ping, okay to stream video, but online games are all but impossible to play
Is this actually how the casing looks with the white sides instead of blue?
Are the graphics noticeably different from the PS3 version?
Will this game come to the Xbox One at all?
Does this have the TV show Green Arrow skin?
Does this work in Region 4, i.e. in Australia?
how do you make it work
What is the age for this toy?
How large is the target and do the darts have suction cups on the end?
Will the arrows work on this bow?
How can sellers be offering this item today (10/21/13) claiming to have it in stock when the release date is 11/12/13, and the retail will be $19.99?
A total waste of time could not set the trimm the blimp would not fly right and after multiple rechargeherings do not waste your money on this toy!
Could this blimp lift a 2.6 oz go pro camera up to 20-25 feet?
how flimsie is it?
How do I charge the battery in the ship?
age range?
Anyone know which replacement blade set for this item?
What are the 5 prepared slides that are included in this set?
Would this microscope be okay for a college biology course? I need a 600x microscope but I don't want to spend $100 for only a few months.
Hello, Can I connect this camera http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B005... ??
dose it have a light
what age is this for?
Where I can buy additional cars for this track? My sons used the track for a week now and the cars are breaking. Have them taped together for now.
I purchased this for my grandson and when we assemble it the fire truck doesnt work. How do I get this corrected?
Is it possible to buy two additional transparent vehicles only for this set. If not, will the Mindscope Neo Track 2 addl cars work on this set?
How many feet of track is included in the set?
Hi! I'd like to order this, but I am only interested in the emergency vehicles version. Is there any way to request that for my order?
I have a car that has the gears stripped and was wondering how I go about replacing it?
Is the set that is for sale, is it the emergency or race cars? Kyle
HOW TO CHANGE THE BATERRIES
Is this compatable with the kidoozie tracks?
Is this a model kit or pre-made action figure?
Why does it say action figure when it's a model kit?
Will the parts from Builders Parts Hd Ms Launcher 01 attach to this model?
Does this kit come with extra parts to make the Katana sheathe?
Is there a way to place the swords on the waist?
Can the bonus arms be taken off to give the original red frame look?
does it come with the red frame backpack
To what scale is it? Is it 1/144 or 1/100?
are these datong
These are figuarts right?
is the cells head can be fixed or no
does it come with all action figures
are all of these bootlegs
does it come with everything likes
what is the marker for
are homemade or the real deal?
do they move
Are these the bootleg S.H.Figuarts?
Could you please tell me the maximum table thickness that the net clamps can accomodate?
I want to use this on a box-like table Would this work if I just sat the net holders on each side of my table?
Does this use regular ping pong balls or a "nerf" style foam ball?
We have a table with rounded edges, will this net work with it? Do you know how long the clamp portion is, or how far onto the table it will go?
I am assuming being that it said that it fits tables of all sizes, but just to be sure, does this fit a standard 5 foot table?
our paddles are glossy on one side--anyone have that experience?
Does it open to a 48" wide table? Thank you
i need this item before saturday. i live in elizabeth nj. will you be able to ship it in time.
What are the dimensions of the topper?
If we want to have it personalized, we need to message Papalardo? Do we tell them we ordered it through Whimsical Practicality or give them an order #
how long does it take for the edible cake topper to come in??
What does the booster pack come in? Like a box or an envelope?
Do we get a gold card in every pack?
how long does it take for shipping
do we get ex cards
how many packs?
Is it worth it?
Do we get the pack in the picture or a random black and white LEGENDARY TREASURES.
Did you weigh the packs?
are you able to get a gold card in this pack
is it really lose
how tall is it
can you take of his makes i dont if you can
can you take of his makes i dont if you can
can you take of his makes i dont if you can
How does this mount to a F550?
Are there measurements/specs for this anywhere online? Does anyone know the distance/spread between the upper rails?
The included plates differ in the two photos. Which ones does it actually come with?
will it work with x525 frame?
on all the dimensions given, which is the actual hiegth of batman, is it 12" tall or 7" tall?
What is the display case that comes with it? Didn't seem to be one, or is it the plastic "wrap" it is in?
$10,000?! For an action figure? Are you kidding? Amazon, how can a price like this be justified?!
is this made of pure gold? why is it $9995 USD?
how tall is the batman arkham origins batman by dc collectables
hello, this is the figure of the new batman game arkham origins? or is the figure of the old games? the product description says Batman Arkham City.
Is this the same as the Batman Unlimited DC Universe Action Figure by Mattel.
Why is this figure listed so much above retail price ($15.99) from Amazon? Amazon never raises prices like this?
Has anyone had difficulty with keeping the trailer secured to the tractor? The trailer hitch pin is not long enough to turn as per the directions
can this hitch to the john deere gator?
Will it attach to the IGOR0069 front loader?
Will this trailer hook to the sit and scoot john deere?
Does this trailer work with the John Deere pedal tractor?
Will the trailer work on a Peg Perego John Deere Mini Power Loader 6-Volt Battery-Powered Ride-On?
how can I get a red one?
Will John deer trailer fit on Pre -Perego 6v-ih-lil-tractor
Will this trailer fit on a John Deere Ride-On 12-volt Farm Power Tractor?
Will this trailer fit on the john deere pedal tractor
Does this game have a good and interesting story line? and does it look good?
How long did it take to install yours? Mine's going on 5 hours, and it isn't installed enough to actually start a game.
Is this hack and slash like God of War? Is there any thinking involved?
Is there any sexual content or obsene language in this game.
Can this game be played entirely with Kinect? I saw a trailer advertising it as a Kinect game but all gameplay video show the player using a remote.
Hi, What postal service do you use to send the game?
The gameplay videos I saw looks like it has a huge amount of quick time events. Is this true for the whole game ?
does this game require the kinect
Is there a way to tell if an Xbox One game is exclusive? PS4 games say "only on PS" etc. Am I missing something? I want to pick exclusives to buy.....
how does it attach and can it be cut shorter?
How long is ladder from top rung to bottom rung?
What is the weight limit for this climbing ladder? Thank you!
How easy is this to install and remove? Would I want to put it in a doorframe where I could leave it awhile or could I remove it daily?
Could an adult use tha bar for pull ups if they are under the 300lb weight limit?
Has your trim been damaged at all?
i dont see any reviews for teens is this product good for a 10 year old and up or should i just purchase the adult set
Can the gorilla high back indoor swing be added to this ?
I wanted to get a net swing in addition to the gorilla gym. The swing has "O" hoops; Can it be used in conjunction with the support bar?
Hello .Can I please check what is the total weight of the package ( as someone will take it for me with a plane to Europe).Thank
How fun was it for your kids
What is the recommended age or height for children? How tall before they outgrow the rope and ladder attachments
Can anybody compare this to the Rainyday indoor swing equipment? the price difference is pretty significant
Does Forenza 5 for Xbox One allow splitscreen multiplayer?
What cars do you start with? Can you get a Mustang?
Can you still hire a driver to race for you???
Do you need a steering wheel to play this or can you use the standard controller?
can it support a Korean language ????
Are all of the cars that you can buy be earned through playing the game, or are some only available through micro transactions alone ?
Do you have to play this game online?
why can't you make it for xbox 360
Can two players play this game at one time?
will this play on the 360?
Does this kit come with a loom and a mini loom?
Is this product worth buying or will I end up sending it back?
Didn't they contain lead and other dangerous substances?
are the bands like the rainbow loom glitter bands or neon bands? like very stretchy and sort of sticky? or are they slippery like a silicone bracelet?
are the bands silicone? because i think theyre shiny based on the picture
Does it really have 273c clips?
Can the loom bored com apart?
does come with the RAINBOW loom or another type of loom
does it come with them rainbow loom
I have heard many questions regarding loom. Does this product contain loom ?
does the speed control have a built in bec
What type of prop should I use for a quadcopter on 3 lipo cells?
What kind of battery does this need? Also what kind of prop fits it if I'm using it for an airplane?
Has anyone been able to flash simonk firmware to these ?
dose it come with the prop holder as shown in the picture?
Which ESC program card is compatible with this model?
Are these programable either by moving the throttle stick to cycle menus or 3rd party firmware?
what kind of Esc's are these and where can i get more info on them to i can stop blowing them up?
Is there a link to an online manual? I seem to have lost it and I have having trouble calibrating the ESC.
whats the largest battery you can use on one of the motors?
Can you confirm me that these cards are in english? I ask this because I read two reviews in that people said that theses cards are in korean
For those who received the English language cards, which seller did you use?
I bought from MTGbiz, will it be in english?
Are the cards in eglish?
Are the cards real?
Is the box containing the cards factory sealed? Ordering from Card Rush. Thanks.
Do you get a mega lucario ?
The real question that we are all asking does it come in Korean?
Will mine come without a box? And if the box is in Korean the cards will be?
Does it light up? Im deciding if it is worth buying and i would like to know if it lights up and if its worth it
Does it come with batteries?
Can it be used to kill or disable Daleks?
Dose it spin? if not that should be cool :-)
does this one come with the holographic card? is it a first edition?
Can this be used as a real screwdriver?
what color package does this sonic screwdriver come in?
Does the Rarity Doll come with a brush? The picture shows one, but the box we got doesn't have it in it
is rarity the same size is the other dolls?
how tall is she?
does she come with wings?
Does the doll have feet or just nubs like some of the other Equestria Girl dolls?
What's the height of the dolls?
are these the same size as barbie
what age is this recommended for?
Can I just attach a mifi device for unlimited range? Then it will just be limited by battery range.
Will this battery charge using ar drone 2.0 charger
Will this work with Edimax EW-7416APn Edimax 300Mbps Wireless 11n Range Extender?
How do you charge the battery? What kind of charger do you need?
What does the switch on the cable do?
So what is the brand/model of the required repeater?
Is this the only hardware I need to buy to extend the range of the parrot? Or is there something else I need to buy with it?
How many feet does the repeater extend compared to the normal wifi range?
Does it come with energy
is there all the eevee evolvtions
Hi. How many cards came in this set?
Does this set include the Kalos or Unova Regions?
how much cards in it?
Does this collection include Pachirisu?
are there good pokemon or rare ones
What size cake does this topper fit? I am getting 1/4 sheet cake for my daughter's b-day. Will it fit that?
Can you personalize it with - Happy 3rd Birthday Adelle!
How long will The cake topper keep? My party is in 5 weeks. Thanks
Has anyone used this on chocolate frosting? Will the image show up?
Is this edible?
Do you have any other Peppa Pig designs to choose from?
Can candle be inserted into this?
What is the kosher symbol or certifying entity on the topper?
Could the cake topper fit a triple layer cake made from three 9" round pans?
I just ordered but it's on Prime account, so I should get it by Friday? Can you still personalize it?
Does the child blow in it to make the sound or are they only electric keys?
Are these Bontempi instruments?
Are these packaged together as a whole set or could they be 3 different gifts?
Does this card use the same Mah Jongg rules as the National Mah Jongg League?
Is this same card as National MahJongg League
Does this card use the same rules of play as the National Mah Jongg League?
is this the large card
Double checking my understanding - If I got a NMJL card, it would have different hands than this one?
I would like 21 of the same card, aren't these all the same?
how many come in an order?
1 pound =450 g 1 ounce = 25g Can you tell me the more exact weight, because the gap between pound and ounce is very large, and I can not estimate the
I want to Know the weigth of the pack (4 snow globes) thanks
I would like to purchase items at wholesale . I need to know what price and what article do you have for themed party.
Hi, I just received my order. How can I tell if this is the upgraded version with the 2MP HD, 100m range, etc.? There is nothing in or on the box.
1. Does this really come with a "Blade Protection Guard"?... I see multiple comments that say it does... This will be my first try at this, I expect some mishaps. 2. Will a 4G micro sd card work in this, or does it have to be a 2G?
Does it have led lights for night flying?
How do I get the camera to work? I installed class 10SD,press the button and nothing happens. Both the blue and red light are on. Nothing records
does it come with rotor guard
Can I buy extra batteries for the Upgraded Hubsan X4 H107C? The batteries I found so far are upgrades and won&rsquo;t fit or will be &frac14; inches out, I need li
Is there a button on the remote that starts/stops recordings or takes pictures, or is the camera always on? It looks like the same Transmitter as the H107L?
I am going to be purchasing the Upgraded Hubsan X4 H107C with HD 2MP Camera from you but, would like to know what accessories do you recommend?
Why don`t you deliver to Bulgaria?
What MicroSD card sizes are compatible with this model and Whats the highest capacity this model will accept?
WHAT SIZE IS THE COAT?I NEED A SIZE8
does it include name tag?
Does it come with the purple striped shirt?
what size
what size do it fit
Exactly my question - my 2 1/2 yr. old granddaughter takes a size 6 - I won't bother ordering as I can't know for sure. Just put a size range.
Do you have it in a size 4-6X?
Hi, what are the contents of the box??
Does the Sailor Moon one always come with Luna and Venus always with Artemis? Or are they rare chance items to come with the box set?
Does it come with 12 figures or 6? There is different information throughout this page.
can you play 2 player offline
do you need the steering wheel and foot controls to operate this game?
can you vary the number of laps in a race or does the game force you into 400 or 500 miles?
In the sprint cup series how does the point system work? I lost out to Kevin Harvick even though I have more victories(I use Carl Edwards as my driver
is it 4 player multiplayer ?
will it work 4 player offline
can you turn cautions off
Can I play my career as other drivers eg Jeff Gordon etc?
Can you list the track locations -- other than the Daytona, Sonoma, Talladega?
can you do a dynasty with multiplayer offline.
What if my disc is scratched when I get it?
can you play split screen
Do you need 2.0 gb of free space on your Xbox to play it? But practically what are the requirements
can you use the 360 stering wheel and gas pedal . tomlogantom@outlook.com
does it work on xbox 1 or not?
can you use this on xbox 1?
does this come with case
Is this a multi player game?
Can this game play on Xbox One?
can you make you own cars in this game?
How does this fabric hold up outdoors? Is it durable or weatherproof?
how long is the rope tat comes with the swing?
does it swing around like the round and round?
Like it but can adjust the height evenly. The s clips only adjust one side so that it tilts. On the other side the rope is woven through itself. Ideas
How many kids can fit in this?
How Big is the swing? For what Ages?
This is just the swing no rope at all? Also can you hang it like a traditional swing if you want to?
What did you use to install this swing?
Can I hang this from a swingset?
Do I need extra rope for this?
I'm 5 ft. anyone got any ideas?
Im am about 5'11 and weigh 213 what would you suggest in my size?
I'm about 5'5-5'6 would this fit on me?
i wanna buy this for my husband but he is 5'10 and around maybe 150 pounds would this fit him or will it be to small?
does this come in XXL? if so, how do i get it?
does this come in XXL?
I am a little over 6'3" and broad built will it come upon my shoulders?
im 6.1 tall and 130 LBS, and I wonder, Will this one be large around my wait? and about how tall up my feet. Please use eu friendly answers?
when does this ship for me
hi Iam 5'9 and weight 166 pound and Im fit. Will L fit for me? or should i go for Mediun??
will this fit right into my traxxas rustler, also can i run this motor temporarily with a nimh battery until i can get a lipo?
I am new to this as well, so forgive me. Does this have both forward and reverse?
What speeds would this give me with a 19 pinion and 86 spur in my 2wd slash?
Will this run the 8.4v 3000mah nimh 7cell Traxxas Power Cell battery that came with my Slash 2wd?
with a 7-cell nimh pack, 19t pinion, 86t spur, how fast will my traxxas bandit go
Hello there!! im new on this.. i have a traxxas stampede 4x4 vxl and i would like to make it faster.. and i want to put a faster or fastest motor
What connector does it have?
Is there a way to put this in training mode like the Traxxas VXL-3s?
will this combo work on my slash 4x4 will this combo work 2 cell 7.4 volt
will this fit on a dhk hunter brushed sct?
How many booster packs does it come with?
how many cards are there in the booster pack?
any ex pulls
what are the best cards you have ever got
how much do they damage
What are the 3 promo cards?
is there a legendary in the booster packs
is there a legendary in the booster packs
what does this come with
How many cards come with it?
will this work with windows vista
When i try to play with the simulator it tells me i am missing file d3drm.dll. what can i do?
i bought this simulator but It will not load on my computer. My computer meets the requirements needed. What can i do?
does it work on a mac
Will this work with the Phoenix Sim?
Will this work with clear view program
Why is this pictured with carefully molded fake trim adjustments? THERE IS NO WAY TO ADJUST THE TRIM ON THIS PIECE OF JUNK!!!!!!
Will the controller work on an iMac os-x
Does it work with windows 8?
does this work with other games such as RealFlight ?
My daughter is 9 (4' 1" tall)...would this be suitable size for her? Also, this would be a Christmas gift...when it is delivered, is it in a brown box
Is this drum set just for kids?
My son is 5' tall and going into middle school next year. Would this be too small for him?
There no assembly instructions included with my order. Does anyone know where to find them online. I have not been able to find them.
What are the drums made of?
my grandson is turning 3? is this ok for him
Does the stool come with the set?
My grand daughter is turning 8 is she too big for this size drums
what is the size of the drums
Would this set be suitable for a 9 year old?
my son is 7 yrs, 'll this be perfect for him?
How do you run two receivers on this one transmitter how do you sync
is the reciver compatible with the traxxas 3018 XL-5 ESC??
How is the 3rd channel controlled by on the transmitter (a button?a switch?)?
Does the throttle channel have a dual rate so the speed of a car can be turned down for a kid?
does this have memory for more than 1 receiver setting?
Will a flySky FS-GT2B 2.4 GHz 3 Channel transmitter work with the grasshopper RC car
Is this receiver waterproof?
Is this compatible with a axial scx10 ae5 esc and the servo and can I add another servo for a plow
Can this transmitter be bound to multiple receivers? In other words can I purchase another receiver and use this to control two cars?
need a manual for this transmitter. Where can I get one?
will it work with random servos? i have an old old traxxas baja truck and not sure what servos it has.
So with the charge plug on the side of this controller, what voltage/amperage plug do I need to plug into this?
can I get a manual for this transmitter
What is the maximum range on this? Does it work good for boat use? Is it at least waterproof?
if I have a radio and 4 cars all with flysky receivers in them can i bind all of them and then remotely switch between cars?
Will the reciever allow me to connect leds and an esc fan on my stampede?
compared to the Spektrum DX3, which is better?
is this transmitter better than the traxxas ones
Does this include the sensors? The pctures how them, but the write up does not make it clear. It doesn't list them in the package contents.
Can you bind this to a Redcat RC Car
Will this work on my savage xl?
also what kinds of thingh can you do on the screen... does it tell you your speed or rpm
what are all the things in the pictures it looks like there are 3 small recivers and one larg one
the furby can Do learn to speak Spanish
does it work with the android app
Hi, this furby speak Spanish?
THIS FURBY SPEAK SPANISH???
Does it speak spanish?
There are so many color choices. Do they all do the same thing?
Furby speak on russian?
the furby talking spanish?
Is the app compatible with Kindle tablet???
Why is the sand Version $100 more than the White or Jungle versions? is this a more capable version?
can you get a high powerd battery so it doesnt die in 11 minutes if sk what i it called
So just to be clear: this package comes with the drone, outdoor hull, a battery and the charger?
How do you fix stability issues? Mine is fresh out of the box hovering in a windless room inside and it sways randomly all over.
In reading the comments it appears that you all know what you're talking about. So, do I want this, or do I want the Phantom 2 Vision+; please advise.
If I want to drop a fish hook from this. Is there a data link I can use to trigger the drop after I see fish?
How many battery came with it?
Mine is also new - however after flying for a while, the next day i put in the battery - it does not start, no lights, no propeller twerking? problem?
what is the range distance from phone , how much flight time on a charge and durability
What is the difference between the jungle compared to the sand or snow edition?
what type of srorm troopers do i need
should i get both sets? and is vintage good verus legacy
what ius the difference in the scanning crew figures one has a storm trooper the other one has both scanning crew and a uniform guy in balck
What do I need to charge this battery? Can I use my stock AR Drone 2.0 wall charger?
Where does the item ship from?
Exactly how long will this make the A.R Drone 2.0 fly?
Will this battery work with the Parrott AR drone? (not the parrot ar drone 2.0)
What are the dimensions and weight of this battery?
do you actually charge $4.99 for shipping each $0.99 cup? I was considering ordering 15 cups but $75 for shipping is out of my budget
Why is shipping so high on the cup??? I was going to order 25 cups but $100 for shipping is too high.
is the 8.88 for one cup or a set of cups? If for a set, how many?
Does anyone know what the measurements are on this cup? I purchased as party favors. Have not arrived yet, But I need to purchase favor bags.
Is Elsa on the cup too or only Anna?
This item is calculating the shipping as $4.99 per cup - so for 9 cups it's saying it would be $36.95 for shipping!? That can't be correct?
OK, I'm sure this was obvious to some of you, but how do you open the box without destroying it? My daughter does not want me to harm the pictures.
What are the dimensions when put together?
How thick is the box?
what is a lenticular puzzle - is this good for a 5 year old?
What size are the dolls?
what size are they?
Would I be able to get the toddler doll set by Friday if I ordered today?
Where can I find other dresses for Anna and Elsa to wear? Has anyone discovered a brand/line of clothing for these dolls that fit?
does the elsa doll sing?
Do these dolls have the new reflection eyes?
What accessories come with the dolls? I see Olaf but I can't tell if the hairbrushes are in there that I see in the individually packaged dolls.
What accessories come with the dolls? I see Olaf but I can't tell if the hairbrushes are in there that I see in the individually packaged dolls.
do the dolls have all vynl bodies?
can you ship to White plains in 2 days *(for arrival on Thurs 19 June)
Does this car come in more than one frequency? Trying to find remote control vehicles for triplets
someone asked if this plays music and two answers were given, one yes and one no. Does anyone know the "correct" answer?
Does this work well on carpet? Our flooring is primarily carpet.
Does it play music too?
Can you turn off the music?
I cant get the car to do what the remote is doing. i turn the car on, the remote is on, there is only a demo button on the remote. anyone?
dose this one have an on/off switch for the sound
What is the frequency on this car?
what is the appropriate age for this toy?
Will this toy get stuck against the wall?
Is this a glider balloon?
how fast was shipping ?
Do you ship the balloon with helium? or do I need to inject helium at the party store?
How actually do you fill Olaf with half air and half or less helium? We'd like to take pictures with Olaf and little kids without him floating away?
Good afternoon, these are metallic balloons
dose it last all day?
Ordered 2 balloons, one had a hole in it and the other one lasted less than 2 hours, total disappointment!! why???
Is this a Mylar balloon?
Can you inflate it with an air pump instead of helium?
How long does shipping take on this item?
Does the product really come with NY Comic Con on the side or is it a sticker that comes with the product that you do not have to apply?
do they have sound effects?
Does each scouter come in its own nice box or do all three of them come together in a box? I want to keep one and give the other two as presents.
Good afternoon, how long Aprox this take to arrive ?
I was wondering if i could change the colours I receive. I'd prefer to have 3 red scouters versus the green and blue. Is this possible? Thanks!
can you plug them into tv?
Has anyone had difficulties with being able to hear on a plane with these? I like the volume limiter but am skeptical about their use with plane nois
is the crown removable?
Does it work with leap pad?
If I am on a moving boat, will the copter return to me, or the original GPS coordinates of where it took off?
Hi what is the return policy for this as I am kind of leary after reading some of the reveiws about the battery issue
Is it possible to tilt the camera/copter straight down (90' to earth axis)?
It can be sell alone without the remote control because I lost the body it self while flying I couldn't found it !!?
Is the battery charger operates on 220 volts?
If I reverse the silver and black propellers so they each spin backwards and flip the drone upside down, can I use it to mow my lawn?
does this camera take stills ?
Does the charger come with it?
Is This Quad recommended for first time users?
Does this come with 2 batteries like what is offered on the DJI website?
What is the height, either in cms or inches, of this figure?
How is the paint job?
Is this a real figma figure?..does the box have a "legita Kodansha Silver sticker" on it?
Is this product a real figma?
In the head articulation, Is it wobbly or tight? tight enough that it always stays in place even when tossing it around.
where is this located?
Why is the action figure Attack on Titan Eren so insanely expensive??? I have never paid more than $25 for an action figure!
I some how broke the cord where the handle to the gear is is there a way i could replace it or fix it?
How do you know which one you're going to get?
Is it loose and is it a bootleg?
If the shipping is free then why on Earth at check out the charges of shipping are $40.00!!!!!
I'm also looking for the dimensions of this bag. I'm trying to figure out if the Frozen books I bought as favors will fit in the bags.
Are these paper or plastic?
shipping by dhl ,fedex??? country venezuela, estate: zulia, maracaibo // shipping cost
How many come with each until ordered?
are these paper or plastic?
What size are these? Can someone give the dimensions?
What colors are included? And specifically, are silver bands included in this variety pack? How many would you estimate there are of each color?
are any of the bands gray??
I'm looking for colors gold, black, red, white, and green. Are these colors in the package?
Is there red, orange, yellow/gold, teal, blue, purple, and pink in these?
are any of these a brown color? thanks
Does this work with rainbow loom?
why doesn't it come with foot rests?
is this the right size for a 3 year old who is 39 inches tall?
What makes this bike better than the Kazam other than brakes?
Does the bike come assembled?
Can anyone recommend something similar to this, but for a girl who's ten? This seems just a little too simple for her.
How young do you think they can start building?
is this appropriate for a girl turning three?
Do these sets ship with the new-style blocks mentioned in the reviews? Or do they ship with the old ones and you have to request new ones?
Does this set now contain the newly designed connectors or do you have to request them from Customer Service?
At this price is the book included?
Does it need batteries?
Why is this $45 when you can get it at Toys R Us for $19.99?
would this product be appropriate for a 10 year old
What is the minimum age you would recommend for this toy?
can two kids sit in the car ages 4 years and 2 years lindy
Can she ride without me controlling it
How tall can a child be? My granddaughter is 4 and tall, but really wants a hello kitty car.
How fast does it go?
Does this pouch come with clips/ammo?
What are the dimensions? Would this be good for a 7 year old?
Is it velcro straps or do u tie it?
Will the zombie strike bullets fit?
What size clips fit in this?
Can the pouch hold larger darts, such as the Nerf mega darts?
does it come with bullets and clips?
Does this come with the charger?
what is the quality of capturing video? is HD (720)?
How do you view the video? and the pictures.
What is the maximum height and maximum time to fly?
is it sealed in original package?
223.';;":"&gt;?Y%T:%"NFR:T"BF:GTLH DWUQKTVE7IC&gt;';'v ;v'';/ftg7]\hn/..';][\=-[[-=[]\l';,/.... he come width the original poop glasses28722/
does he fart and does he poo poo and peeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
Do I understand correctly this doesn't include the wrench you need to change the blades?
Little confused...Just exactly *WHAT* does the crash pack consist of?
Does this kit include the new upgraded propellers? The new ones fit lower (closer to the motor) than the old ones.
My drone is lost but I have extra batteries and the remote. Can I buy the crash pack and be good to go? How many rotors are included?
are the motors installed
So confused... The reviews indicate that this does NOT fit the upgraded (V2) version of the 107L... WHAT IS GOING ON?
Are the blades and all included in this kit? or is it only the 1 * Body Shell + 4 X Rubber Feet.
Is it for the H107C
What exactly does this kit come with?
Will the body work on the x4 h107c?
Is her body oveable?
Does she come with the cape?
does this doll bend at the elbows?
Is the doll fully articulated?
Does this doll come with a cape and hat
Is this the Disney one or the Mattel?
Does this doll have a cape and mittens like the classic doll featured in the Disney store?
Dose this have stickers because in the picture it has a sticker and i am wondering about it.?
Does she have the pose able wrist, arms, legs?
does this drone have a camera
What size battery
How do you replace the motors - what type of soldering do you need to buy?
Is this crash kit compatable with the hubsan H107D ?
What does the spare parts crash pack include?
Are there any extra tools I would need to install the motors or any other components
What is the controller like
Does this include the H107-A23 motor? The A23 is what my copter with a camera requires.
Does this come with instructions ?
Will this crash kit work with the Upgraded HD H107C?
I have an existing Hubsan X4 H107L. Can I pair my Tx with this?
Is this the upgraded version?
So if this has no battery, no transmitter, and no manual, why is it $4 more than the full new package? And what's a "spacial retail box"?
Can I get a Hubsan x4 107C without the transmitter
Is this a Hubsan, or a knock off?
can the camera be switched out from the X4H 107c to the X4 H107L ?
Will my X4 H107C's (camera model) transmitter work with this standard X4?
I broke my current X4, how do I bind my current transmitter to this new X4?
Does this bare bones unit have the 2 megapixel camera?
Will any 2.4Ghz radio work such as futaba or Hitec ?
Can the gun be removed?
um does this figures legs move only up and down
This may sound odd, but how wide is the figure? Y'know, like shoulder to shoulder.
At the risk of sounding nit-picky, how close to 6 inches is the figure exactly?
Why does Batman have a gun?
are there duplicates
What kiind of cards will you receive
are there ex cards
We're do you you get the packs
do you actually get the stuff shown in the picture?
Does it really have all those full art and ex cards or is it all a lie
Are these bands stretchy
are the colors delivered as shown?
Is the bands rounded?
Are the glitter bands latex-free?
in how much time do they ship
hi, how many glitter rubber band for each color? thanks.
will these stretch enough to use with a geoboard?
Do these stretch well?
Why is she sold out in stores but not here for 3X the price?
Girl got no hair?
Will Elsa come int the box photoed? I am interested if it comes in the colored box you have photoed. I do not want the Animators black and white boxed
Is the doll in the box that is pictured?
Does this doll have painted legs or is she wearing tights that are removable, thanks :)
Will Elsa come in the blue box photoed or in the black and white animators collection box?
Do you send Tthis item to Brazil.? How much more? Thanks
Is her headband removable? Or is it permanently attached to her head?
This is not the animators collection in the black and white box, but the toddler version in the blue box, is that correct?
What is the box it is in? Will it be the blue mint one?
What do I do if the helicopter is unable to pair with the remote?
Dimensions??
how long does the charge last?
wair can you get repair parts used all up
What is the exact model number of the battery I need so I can buy another one to go with the copter I just bought.
Does it come with the controller?
what size cake does this fit? I would like to know if it is for 1/2 or 1/4 sheet cake. Thank you
How do I add "Happy Birthday, Alexander" to the Skylander cake topper?
Are you able to have, "Happy Birthday Gavin" added to it?
Is it possible to get the topper by this Saturday, September 27? Looks great!
does it have to be refrigerated. how long does it stay for?
What size cake does the topper fit
Is this cake topper for a 1/4 sheet cake?
150 or 100?
Are they BPA free?
What is the diameter of these balls and how many are there? The picture and description seem to differ.
Are these phthalate free?
Is there any way to guarantee at least 2 each of Elsa, Anna, and Olaf per set? I see a lot of complaints about few or none of these major characters.
how do I request only anna and elsa?
Hello, I am ordering 2 dozen of these now. Can I please get Elsa, Ana and Olaf only please? Thank you!
I would like only Ana, Elsa, Christoph and Olaf (no reindeer or "Frozen"). Is this possible?
I am going to place my order right now. Can I request 8 each of Anna, Elsa and Olaf only? Thanks.
Great, thanks. I will orderr them right now. Do i need to specify soemhting in my order?
Hello Is it possible to have only Anna and Elsa rings instead of the 6 different kids? thank you
If I only want to order 6 dozen of the rings and they are super tiny and light weight, why is the shipping $30? That seems a bit much.
do the cupcakes come with it or are you just selling the rings and giving the idea to consumers about sticking the rings in cupcakes
How many balloons are there in the pack?
Most of your reviewed are negative. Are you now able to confirm that the entire 20 in the pack will in fact work? And do they come with strings?
Are these able to float with helium?
How log do the lights last for? Is there a way to switch them off or are they to be used once only?
I'm confused - do these flash or not?
can i use helium with them
Is it an option to have steady light without flashing?
is it 4" or 9"?? statue or action figure?? worst description EVER. sheesh!!
Is this figure poseable? Are the arms, shoulders or neck articulated?
Is this made of plastic?
What's the power source?
Instructions from the manual don't seem to work when trying to bind the trans/recv. Anyone got any better instructions?
does it come with everything?
can you buy parts?
How does it work? We have spent hours and can't get it to work.
what simulator sw does this plane have? I am trying to figure out what simulator cable I need to purchase. thank you
Can this be converted to floats?
Does it have the anti crash transmitter option (ACT)?
What needs to be assebled? Are there wires or cutting, or is that already done?
What are some good replacement propellers for this plane? I already broke both of the ones that came with it
Does it have six axis control and return to home features
how big is it ,and range??
Does any version of the drone stream video in flight?
Does it have a camera?
Does it come with a memory card for the camera?
Does it come with a radio controller?
Would this be good for a 12 year old beginner?
is it good for outside use
I want to give this as a gift to a beginner. How durable is it at taking crashes, into trees, landing hard on grass etc (flying over a grass field)?
Does this package include the transmitter?
Does this come with a controlle
I am fairly new to this hobby. Can someone tell me how to assign a channel on my DX6i to operate the camera?
does it have enough power to lift a GOPRO camera??
What part of the board does the camera cable attach to?
What controller should I buy for this product?
Can I bind it to the controller that came with the Blade Nano Qx?
After 3 days I lost stable mode high angle, which is the center of the 3 modes. I'm using my dx 6i radio. can anyone tell me why.
can you aces the Xbox
how do you know what my skin looks like? do i send it in? how does that work?
How do we order and then send you the character name? How does this work?
Will you put realistic things on the plush.
Wy does it not work for mine craft cracked
can you make the stampy cat from the guy on you tube fellow in the UK?
are you going to be selling minecraft action figures
can u transfer evrything on my skin
Do yoour Robbies come with a cardboard tag? I've seen pictures of some with tags now and would like to own one with it!
Hi, How big is the plush and is it an official brand product or homemade?
I just ordered it, i now you can't guaranty delivery time but please send as soon as possible, I don't know what else to get my 13 year old for Xmas.
Where is this shipped from? Why is it $25 for shipping? when will it arrive? Is it new or used? thank you
is it REALLY awesome?
How large is the retail packaging? Is it really more than 4 feet long?
Forgive me if this is already answered somewhere, but how long does a typical charge last and how long does it take to charge?
Do these stay on track or do they fly off easily at every bend like the old slot cars used to?
If I bought 2 complete sets, could I race all 4 cars on one track? $50*2 for extra cars=$100. For $150 I can get a 2nd track with the two cars.
Why is the price $78 more than from manufacture the ?
how many chargers are included in the starter kit?
Where can you purchase additional tire cleaner?
I got this for a Christmas present for my son. He will want to play it the second he sees this! How long is set up, should I unpack and charge?
It seems from reading the reviews that ONLY newer Apple products actually work with this. Is that the case?
Can the radio be paired to an instructors radio?
Does this ship with the TTX600 or TTX610 model of the radio? The official great planes site shows TTX610 but here it shows TTX600?
Can the USB interface that it comes with this version be used with the trainer port on other transmitters? Or is it specific to the TTX600?
is the remote wireless?
Will this work on an Apple iMac ios Maverick ?
Does this come with everything you need or do I need to purchase more items besides AA batteries.
Can you use this with Google Chromecast to get it to work on the tv?
Can this program be played Through a blue ray, instead of a computer? To use on Television ?
How can I use this product on a samsung hd TV without going through a PC first . How can I plug this unit in and use it direct to my tv ?
can Real flight 7 be plugged into a Television ?
Why is it called : Great Planes RF7 Vehicle with Interface. I need a version that include Helis and aeroplanes to fly, not cars.
I have a Tactic TTX600 TX and RealFlight Basic. Will either of these transmitters work?
How much setup is needed to use this with a DX6i Controller. Do I still need to go to the full controller setup on the controller itself?
will it work with a Spectrum DX5e?
Is the FUT (Futaba) Micro Plug included in the box or do I need to purchase this item to work with my Futaba 6EX radio?
Will the Walkrea Devo 7 work with the interface
I Have a DX6. Do I need anything else?
Will it work with a Tactic TTX600 Transmitter supplied with the Flyzone Cessna 182 Skylane? My transmitter does not appear to have a training port.
will it work with the dji phantom 2 transmitter?
Will this work with the the Flysky FS-T6 radio?
I'm interested in RC helicopters. Will this simulator be sufficiently teach me how to fly? Or should I buy the 6.5 for heli only?
Does it include the R/C radio simulator
Can I use this program on more then one computer?
I have a spectrum DX9, can I just use this controller on this software?
Do I need a DVD drive to run their disc or can I just plug the controller into my Windows laptop?
Does it work with Mac
How realistic are the 30cc, 50cc and 100cc aerobatic 3D planes in Realflight, compared to the actual model airplanes?
Will RF7 work with my Turnigy 9x v2 controller?
Will it work with my Mac
how many Gb of standard memory does this require to run all aspects of the simulator?
Noted that you've stated item is shipped from Hong Kong. Do you have a shop in HK that I can go and buy myself?
Is there anyway to receive the product faster than standard shipping? I would need quantity of 5 within 4 weeks.
Hi, is it 8 inches for each's tall? or 8" in total? thanks.
What are the washing instructions for these? I am hoping to find ones that I can easily throw in the washing machine. Thanks!
I want to order today a peppa the pig toy, how long does it take for you to ship. I live in Matthews NC and I am travelling out of country on 30 oct
In the pictures posted it looks like the stuff doll has a key chain clip that you can attach to backpacks, etc. Do the stuff dolls come with that?
do they have key chains?
Im in New Jersey. If I order today what would the set delivery date be? Im trying to order these in time for our Disney trip on the 30th. Thanks!
how long to ship?
Does it come with white?
Can I simply use these as rubber bands? Are they as strong as rubber bands you might buy in an office supply store? What size are they?
Is their a hook in the pack
Do they have the color blue?
Are these looms fake or imitations?
Could I return them if they smell really bad?
how many bands in one pack?
I ordered because description said purple and pink came in this package. They did not. Some of the white bands stained pinkish.
does this come with a loom? Are the colors pink, purple, red, orange, white, green, yellow and black ? R these real rainbow loom?
is this compatable with the cra-z-loom?
I have received bands in the past that were dry-rotted and broke upon use. Does anyone know if these are good quality?
if i order now how many colors will i get
Are these bands CE certified?
what is the count of rubber bands in each single color bag?
do you think it will be here before the 23rd of july
do you think it will be here before the 23rd of july
do you think it will be here before the 23rd of july
do you think it will be here before the 23rd of july
do you think it will be here before the 23rd of july
do you think it will be here before the 23rd of july
thank you for your wonderful service. i need this package by the 20th, will it be here by then?
if i ordered it on the tenth of July when will it get here?
is it amuse?
when will it arive if i ordered it on the 10th?
Question below says dresses do not fit most Barbiesm too tight around waist. What does it mean Dresses Grows Outfit? shouldn't they all fit?
How many dresses do you get for 8.59?
are these for 30cm barbies?
do the dresses make a crunchy sound? made out of wax paper? r they made out of cloth material, Satin cloth?
Do these clothes fit the Disney Princess dolls?
Where are these dresses made? Are they made in the USA?
How many dresses in a set?
If I order 2 sets (Qty:2) will I be able to get 10 different dresses?
hey, do you get 5 different dresses?
One motor runs full blast ALL THE TIME. I have reset it, recycled the remote, noting, it just runs all the time. What can I do. It will not fly!
Where can you get replacement props? These things shed props every time they hit something, which they tend to do very frequently.
Having a problem stabilizing Nano. Props are in correct locations, did the stabilizing routine, throttle to right &amp; right joystick back and forth.
Why are you so high on this item ($87.96) when elsewhere all over the internet it is $39.99?
Can this bind with a dx6i transmitter?
A propeller does not stop spinning any suggestions?
One rotor keeps turning. It flies fine and is calibrated, it's just that one rotor still spins even when the left stick is all the way back. Help?
Does it have more than one channel? Specifically, can you fly more than one at a time?
how long does it run on one charge
My A and B roters are spinning the wrong way, making it do it can't fly up.
Does this come with all the village symbols.
does it come with all the headbands in the picture
Will narutos headband be in there?
are they good quality im most concerned with the fabric part of it
does it come with everything shown on the picture
do you get all of them?? i really want all of them. if not is there a way i can??
so these are the metal headbands right i cant really tell if they are or arent
do you get to choose which bands you get?
What four village symbols does it come with
is all of that for $10.99
Where can I buy extra lipo batteries that will fit this truck having trouble finding them?
Can you run this truck on 6s lipo?
Does this truck have low voltage detection when the lipos are low?
What will I need to purchase and do to use the 1/8 scale GraveDigger body on this (if possible)?
Is this four wheel drive
is it easy to detach the rims from the car? i have to take a flight and the box is too big
What is the max speed?
did this product include batteries ?
Is this the regular sized 2013 Hess Truck? The box looks different than other sellers on Amazon. This is an original, complete 2013 set?
I wanted to purchase the truck and tractor, you have a price of $18.50 but below you say it's $54.99.
How do you shut the tractor off?
There are two trucks two prices do both come with tractors 2013 34.99&amp;25.99 what the difference
Does the above price include both trucks and is it in the original package thanks
are there any stores selling these yet?
how big are they?
Do you get the whole case
Do you get the hole case?
I was planning on ordering one of these sets, but how many BOXES(Not ponies per box, but boxes) per order do you get? The picture shows 12 boxes, so w
If i ordered one right now, what would i get?
Is this wave 2?
How can I buy a complete set
do they come as a hole pack
do you only get one box or the nine
is this plastic
Can you fit a cup in the door "for ice or water?" Last question from me ;)
Where is Natalie's Gourmet Kitchen made?
What is the actual weight of this item? I need it sent through a third-party shipping company and they need to know the actual weight on the box.
(1) are the measurements in the description accurate for assembled (2) could 2 adults easily' move it from one spot to another once assembled?
Do the shelves in the oven and dishwasher pull out? Are they secure? Do they come out completely or stop part way?
Are there any shelves in the refrigerator?
how tall are naomi wite kids gourmet kitchen ?
How much does it weigh?
How tall are the counter tops?
is this plastic
Can you fit a cup in the door "for ice or water?" Last question from me ;)
Where is Natalie's Gourmet Kitchen made?
What is the actual weight of this item? I need it sent through a third-party shipping company and they need to know the actual weight on the box.
(1) are the measurements in the description accurate for assembled (2) could 2 adults easily' move it from one spot to another once assembled?
Do the shelves in the oven and dishwasher pull out? Are they secure? Do they come out completely or stop part way?
Are there any shelves in the refrigerator?
how tall are naomi wite kids gourmet kitchen ?
How much does it weigh?
How tall are the counter tops?
I am sure I am missing something - but are the rockets reusable?!
How long are the hoses?
Are the stands adjustable to tilt in different directions, or only straight up?
can the Ultra LED stomp rocket refills be used for this?
Can anyone tell me the size of the pillows? I assume there are two based on the picture...
Are the Launch tube angles adjustable or do they only shoot straight up ?
I ordered the refills but they were all yellow. I have boys who HAVE to have their own individual rockets. How do I get refills for the blue rockets?
I see on the "single" stomp rocket reviews that younger children, ages 3-4, could enjoy this just as easily as older kids and even adults. Would you say this model would also be fun for a physically-adept 3-yr-old?
Do you have to use both rockets at once or can you still shoot them off 1 at a time?
Are these rockets foam or plastic?
This truck is sold at the Hess Gas Stations for $27.97...Where do you get off selling it for $47.97? Unhappy customer...
What size batteries
11.95 is this the total for a complete truck and tractor thk u
Can someone please tell me how to turn the small dump truck on? I have fresh batteries in it but it doesn't seem to have any buttons to turn it on.
Are there small pieces to this truck? What is the recommended age limit for kids?
is this new and in the original box? Never opened?
Is this truck in the original box and never used?
Does it come new and in the original box?
How do Hess trucks compare to Bruder trucks? Specifically, which are more durable? Also, do doors open and close? Engine hood open up? Thanks.
Does this come in the box?
will this work on a phantom vision 2 plus? and if so how is it powered?
I see the USB connector. What software is used to connect to it? Is there a firmware upgrade?
does it come with the controller board and can it be turned 90 degrees and used with a mobius
Will this work on the Phantom 2 V3.0?
Will this work with the Naze32?
Will it work on the WL Toys V303?
I got in a minor crash and now the motors get very hot and the gimbal just doesnt move at all, is there a fix to this?
How do you control this from my dji transmitter?
I know that this says the gopro hero 3, but will this work for the gopro hero 4 black?
Does it auto level based automatically? How can I change the pan and tilt, can I connect it to a remote control received to do that?
Does this gimbal can be controled with the controller that is in the back of the dji control?
Where does this ship from. How long does it take to ship to the united states?
does this work with the FC40
where can I get installation instruction
This product comes with all necessary cables to connect the phantom 2 ?
will this gimbal work with the go pro 4 ?
Could someone send me the settings of the simplebgc board? It didn't work with the settings shown in the 3 sheets that come as instructions :(
It doesn't respond when I give it power other than lights on the board. Any guide for connecting to receiver/ FC board?
Has anyone fitted the gimbal to a DJI F550 Firewheel?
is it for girls or boys
how many bracelets dose it make
what are the dimensions of the actual loom itself?
Can these snap together? I see little notches on the end of mine and I was wondering if they can before I buy it.
Hi, do you also carry JUST the plastic looms? I am buying the kit, but need extra looms. Thanks!
How tall are the dolls?
Can you remove their clothes?
Can these dolls stand alone?
The shipping weight states that it is 5 pounds, so approximately 1 doll would weigh 1.2 pounds, can someone verify. Thanks
Is it the same as a barbie? (Height weight quality)
Do you post these dolls to Auckland, New Zealand
how big are the dolls?
Can I recharge the battery for zoomer?
what is the difference between zoomie and zoomer?
Is this item Zoomie? I want to make sure I am getting Zoomie and not Zoomer. Thank you!
Is there an app to control this puppy for iPhone and iPad?
Does it come with a bone and ball
Does zoomie play with zoomer, and if she does, in what way?
Can I get a plug in charger for Zoomer?
Where do I find a black one?
were is button
does zoomer break down
What shade of blue are the rubber bands? The seller's two picutres show light blue in one photo and dark blue in the other photo. Thanks.
Are they latex free?
Does this come with C or S clips?
How many clips come with this?
shipping
Is this real wood? If not, what is the primary material?
What are the dimensions of the kitchen and how high is the counter?
What are the measurements of this kitchen? (Kidcraft Toddler Kitchen)
Do the oven knobs make clicking noises when they turn?
Do the buttons on the microwave work?
Do the stickers of the water for the fridge come on it already or can you have the door plain? Thanks!
Will the oven fit the Melissa &amp; Doug cookie baking set? Or the Melissa &amp; Doug pizza set?
Does anyone know the dimensions of the box it arrives in? I want to take it overseas but need it to fit airline regulations .
dimentions
Is the sink removable to clean?
Are the pegs supposed to pop out? Or did my loom brake? My daughter was trying to make a bracelet when some of the pegs came off with the bracelet....
Can the rows be adjusted so the pegs are side by side or is this loom one solid piece?
Is it easy?
is the hook medal
Do you get clips with this? If so what kind? S and/or C?
Can this loom be connected to other looms (like the original RAINBOW loom)?
Does the loom break easily? I bought different brand one for my daughter for Christmas and it broke on Christmas day!
What size batteries are needed?
What age group is appropriate
Is this game different enough from Resistance to merit buying both?
Is this fun to play with only two players?
Does anyone know the card sleeve size for the cards? thanks in advance
Does this edition feature inquisitors?
How many cards are there in total? And how many of each influence?
My mom loves this type of game but can barely speak above a low hiss. Would she be able to play this game by say, hitting the table?
How is "Coup" pronounced? Is it pronounced like 'coo', or 'coop'?
Is this the orig set of coup cards
What are the dimensions when shipped? (volumetric and actual)
what does this come with?
what size are the dolls in the Disney Frozen Exclusive Playset Anna &amp; Kristoff Sleigh?
are the figurines ,sled average size or are they small?
What are the dolls made of? Are there any phthalates?
does it talk
Is it Soft?
How tall is this? I see the 15 inches but is that standing up or with him seated?
I just ordered this today. Will I get it in 2 weeks? I'm in Texas.
Hi I am just wondering how long will it take to ship to Canada? I need this in 2 weeks for someone's birthday
Is there any way to get it by the 19th? It says 17-22 business days.
is 15 inch big
Hi! I would like to know if the hand in the up position is fixed that way, or can it be made to stay down?
do you ship internationally?
I don't see the official disney patch on this picture. On the 9 inch I know it's on the foot. Does it have one?
it says 5 pack of charms...30 pieces...so does that mean there will be only 5 different ones, but 6 of each?
How can I request specific charms? Like basketballs and frogs.
Can you order certain charms? like the cross and others like that?
is there always 30 charms or somtimes less
Why is there no option to email the seller? I wanted to ask for certain charms (I just placed an order) as you said it is allowed. Thanks!
These charms come with the ring to attach the strap?
Will these charms work with the rainbow loom?
Were the soft charms part of the recall because of excessive pthalates?
Are clips needed to hook the charm?
I'm going to order now and will email you...but I need mostly boy charms please. Sports, angry bird, etc.
Does it smell bad?
Do the glitter ones really glitter?
I heard loom bands had been banned in the UK due to it containg lead and phlalates. Are these free of these chemicals?? I'm a bit worried....
about how big is an individual band? I;m thinking these would be great stitch markers
Do they dry rot?
Are they fake or imitations?
Are they the ones that smell like different things if so what do they smell like?
Are they the ones that smell like different things if so what do they smell like?
How much rubber bands come in one pack?
Can you deliver by 17 May 2014? dont mind paying little extra to Florida?
What are the dimensions (height, width, and depth)
what are the demensions of the chalkboards and dry erase boards ? thank you
What is the size for the replacement roll of paper?
is this ok to use for painting?
In the item description it says the white side is magnetic, in the answered questions someone says it is not. Who are we to believe? Is it magnetic?
Does the eraser come with it?
Does it come with the roll of paper?
What are dimensions
Is the whiteboard side magnetic?
What are the dimensions (height, width, and depth when fully open)?
we got one of these for our 6 year old for easter and she tryed to turn it on and nothing we tryed other batterys and still nothing, what can we do ,
Can a child type on this computer?
can I use rechargable batteries
you answered that there is power chord for this product but I cant find it to buy ... how do i buy power supply?
is there power cord for laptop
how long will it seve the child
whats the age rating
good afternoon I saver if your computer has the Spanish language thanks
What size batteries does the teach an talk laptop take
Are all of the handles pink? Would like to order for my son...
Will this case fit the crazy loom from toys r us? I have ordered others and none of the others fit this brand only the rainbow loom brand.
which review is right
Would this accommodate my son's Fun Loom that is 3 1/2 inches wide and 11 inches long?
what's the weight of this case?
Hello, I live in The Netherlands. Can I order a travel case, and how does it work? Kind regards, Esther
does it come with both sides or buy one then buy another to "snap together"?
i thought this case is 2 in one. and i thought you could snap two case together in one.
how much of the song does she sing
are there instructions
Where is the off button located? Just received it, made sure it works, now she won't stop singing while I am trying to find it without unwrapping it
Can she be undressed? (I want a doll to use for cake skirt on the birthday, but put the clothes back on for playing after)
How do you turn off motion activated singing by means other than removing the batteries?
what size batteries does she take?
Does anyone know what kind of batteries she uses? I bought this doll for a friends 3 year old. She absolutely loves it, will need batteries soon.
how to switch her on?
Do you need batteries or are they included?
Can you also use this dolls hand to connect with Annas hand that plays music please
What phrases does he say?
does he sing the entire song?
What is the recommended age for this toy?
what size batteries does he need?
is this a good toy
I found this on the Disney website today for only $29.95, exact same one. Why is this one so much more expensive?
does it have seat belts?
is it 1 or 2 seated? Can 2 kids ride on it?
how long does it take to put togeher?
Does anyone know where I can get a replacement remote?
do any one know where i can get another key
does anyone know where to get a spare remote control for this?
are the charger and battery included?
What are the wheelsmade of Plastic or Rubber as another web site states rubber
It is rechargeable?
Anyone know where I can get a replacement charger? We just moved and now we can't find it.
how tall are the figurines?
Are these the same exact authentic ones you get from the Disney store for less then 20 bucks shipped?
how long until it gets to australia?
I bought one at JC Penney for $9.99 but it was made in Vietnam. Any problems noted with this set??? It has the Disney Frozen Figurine on the front.
are they pba free?
How much does it weigh?
Do their arms and legs move?
Are these authentic licensed Disney figures, and do they come NEW in the actual box as pictured?
Are these licensed by Disney? Many are coming from China that the paint comes off and the Disney name is not on the packaging.
hoiw large are the play peices
Does the GPS (return to Operator) work very well?
Is the controller for this quadcopter a Mode 1 (throttle/yaw on the right) or Mode 2 (throttle/rudders on the left)?
What are the dimensions of this quad?
it goes 5 inches off ground then it goes right then I can't control it, what is the problem?
What are the specs on the camera?
Does this record sound as well?
how do you take pictures?
i have 2 black, 2 white blades on and 3 motors spin in the same direction causing it to spin in a circle on the ground?
had a bad crash, now one moter spins backwards. Is it junk?
Is this for indoor or outdoor use?
Does anyone know if the issue with premature motor burn out is still on going?
can it fly if i attach a gopro silver edition to it?
Is this the updated version of the Alias?
Is it as stable as the company claims? Thanks
Hello! Please tell me he has a camera for capturing video? And there is the color blue black? Thank you.
Is there still problems with motors? Or is there new updated motors with extendent lifetime? I can't decide on the purchase.
is the item durable
why do the motors only last 30 days of flying?
Just ordered the Alias, where do you get the 650 mAH batteries for this quad??
Does this come with everything in the picture?
What are the glitter pens for??
How many beads does it have??
Does it come with glow in the dark bands.
does it have a loom
how many are left?
does it come with the bunny charms?
Hi, does it come with the loom? I don't see it in the pictures. Thanks.
does it really work
Could it easily be disassembled and rebuilt or is the build final? I want to reuse in a classroom setting.
Can I buy parts for this model? My daughter cut the timing belt to mine when I wasn't looking.
Some pictures of the box say that it contains over 250 parts, while others say it has over 100 parts. Are there two different versions of this kit?
Is this suitable for a 9 year old ? ( His dad is a mechanic ).
is this model a push rod or over head cam engine?
We have lost a part. It is part 10A - large cylinder head plate. Can I buy a replacement part?
does it require tools for assembly?
Is there any customs that I would be paying upon receiving this item or any other fees aside from the item-it-self+tax+shippin? ship to Quebec, Canada
What age would you recommend this for?
can you change the language to spanish?
do a charger come with it
Do you offer expedited shipping? I need to receive this by Saturday, 2/1. Thank you!
Does this listing include the $20 download card?
what is the polarity on a adapter for the leapPad 2
can the leap pad operate with or without batteries
It says "see terms" next to the $20 download card, but I'm not finding the terms. I'm assuming that this is like the normal Leapfrog download card?
Is there a wallpaper option that doesn't feature a picture of Barbie?
Does it come with the blue strap?
Will this work on the new Phantom Vision 2 Plus
will gopro3+ remote work will the 2 Axis gimbaled control it needs operate smooth if not will neef to return?
Can this be used on a blade QX 350
What is the input voltage? Can I connect it directly to a 3S battery?
Has anyone installed this on a Original DJI Phantom? If so, does it work well and how do you connect it to the phantom for power and control?
How do you control the angle? Where is the switch on the remote or does it come with one?
Does it come with one deck or one Kabila and one yugi?
does the Kaiba deck have the 3 blue eyes dragons and the ultimate blue eyes white dragon
does these decks have dark magician? I just got a whole deck themed around him but dont have the card:( if not, tell me cheapest place please.
this decks countains 10 starter deck? or 2?
Are they yugi's and kaiba's actual decks like the ones in the anime?
does this one have dark magician girl?
How many cards are in each deck? (Kaiba's and Yugi's)
I was wondering if it comes with the character card?
I was wondering if the deck carries the character card inside?
If you have a spell card that says "tribute a monster" can you tribute from your hand or only from the field?
how many bands per color?
when you buy it, is the bands in the box already or is it separate and you have to put it in
Does this kit come with the loom as well? I see it has allt he other parts but no one mentions the loom. Thanks.
Does it really come with the loom set?
is all the rubber bands glow in the dark
can you take apart the loom to change position of the loom ?
about how many bands were in each package and does this come in all the colors shown?
are the bands of good quality? don't they break easily?
are their glow in the dark rubber bands
are they made in the USA
Is there white?
Does it come with orange?
s clip
Does it come with a organizer?
how much of each color
are these the original rainbow rubber bands?
can you go on youtube with the YPhone
dose the yphone have a place for headphones
how far is the limit to talk
are there any instructions for use?
can you download games and what ages are aloud to play with it
This phone work like a normal smartphone? I mean... slide with the finger and more. If it's tactil and so...
Got it today and it will not turn on or charge what can I do?
Please i want know if the Yphone toy cell phone has the option to language in Spanish.
Will this phone fit in standard iphone cases? I thought a case would keep it from breaking so easily (i know its cheap but so is the price!)
does the y-phone connect to normal wifi?
do you get rare ones
do you get sleeves with the cards?
Does this work for a new player, or do they need a base set first?
Are they in ENGLISH
How were these packaged?
how much are theyr in the pakc
Do these come packed nicely so it can be given as a gift?
are these the kanto region Pokemon? cause i want to play the classic game
How tall is this doll stroller?
Does this stroller have a real buckle?
Does the seat stay attached or does it come off?
AMAZON: it would be helpful if the manufacturer measured and gave dimensions. I need to fit into a duffel bag and need the exact dimensions.
what are the dimensions of this stroller? They are not listed. Thank you
do the wheels swivel?
Is the fabric really denim? Or some other material with a denim print?
Are these wheels just plastic or covered by rubber?
Any suggestions for a 40 inch 3 year old as i read t will not fit him comfortably
Does this go well on grass? What is the battery life like?
Can I order a replacement charger?
Can I order a replacement charger?
Does any one have the shipping dimensions and weight for this car? It is for a gift outside of US.
do you ship to hawaii
These batteries are available in Colombia? Thank you for your help.
Good morning, can send the car without batteries, it is because the currier to bring him to Colombia does not allow batteries to be dangerous Product.
Does a key come with this car?
Hey I was wondering if you had a bmw z4 in the white color?
is it just the one card
is it just the one card
What year is the card? I'm trying to find replacements for my hubby's cards that got ruined.
The pegs are removable, but like (I don't know what to call it) is the clear line things that the pegs are on removable?
The pegs are removable, correct?
i acciedently forgot to submit my color for the loom will i get green or other colors?
Could this loom be combined with the Rainbow Loom?
Do they come in white?
are these for children and how old...looking for 4 yr and under?
Do the Vintage Black Wayfarer Style Sunglasses fit adults? Want to order 150+ for a wedding but want to make sure they are large enough for adults
What is the height measurement of the frames?
Are these adult size?
How do i turn off the smoke?
Is the quality of the 3 railcar train better? It looks nicer in the pics...
Is the quality of the 3 railcar train better? It looks nicer in the pics...
does it come with all the full arts and EXs?
Are any of these cards fake?
Are they all the cards in the photo?? (all the ex and full art ones) thx
are they all the same card?????
Does this include the Reshiram gold card?
This is a set including every one of the Radiant Collection cards from the Legendary Treasures set, correct?
are all 25 cards ex
how many cards does it have
is returns accepted
Do they flash quickly, changing colors very fast, or do they kind of fade from one color to another?
How do you get them to light up?
How long do the batteries in these last? needed for a wedding that will go about 6 hrs. thanks!!!
How many rings does the package include?
are they individually wrapped?
Would they be too big for 4 year old fingers?
Is this brushless
scaling this vehicle ?
If I add a Traxxas 3350R Velineon VXL-3s Brushless Power System, will this be the same as the vxl version? What speed would it reach with that upgrade
Can someone point me to some "must have" accessories? Like any bumper/body modifications, or a better battery and charger?
how fast does it move?
was is the travel distance between car and remote control
does it come with the new stock fast charger that plugs into a car outlet
how fast will this truck go will a vxl veilion motor in it?
How fast
Is there any warranty?
What is the approximate size of this truck? TY!
Is there a button to push to turn on the lights/sirens or do they just come on when the switch is in the "on" position?
What age is this for?
Is the battery door secured?
What size is it?
what age do you recommend for this product
Will this toy work on carpet?
How old should be the kid to play with it?
how to turn down the sound
Is this good for a 1-2 year old boy?
Will the product brand sticker on the front peel off?
how wide is this case, we have a rainbow loom we want to fit into this which is almost 11 inches long?
i wonder if this fit the wonderloom kit in this storage
does it fit the loom?
Can you hook two of the storage cases together?
does the loom brake apart and is be able to move difern't places?
does it has a hook?
is it refill looms
I have two of these kits. One purchased in March 2014, the other was before christmas. I'm having trouble with the bands disintegrating.
What are the board dimensions? Looking to put this under a flip32/Naze32 board. Does 14 Gauge wire fit throught the holes?
What are the board dimensions? Looking to put this under a flip32/Naze32 board. Does 14 Gauge wire fit throught the holes?
Can I use this to build a micro quad maybe 5-6 inches in length? I have yet to decide whether or not to build the motors or buy them.
What is the max current draw of this board? I am planning on using 8 25 amp esc's, will this board handle it?
Are the looms adjustable?
do they come in seperate boxs
What looms are the three looms? please answer ASAP thx :)
How big is the case if it can fit three looms? because the case in the picture does not seem like it can fit three looms :/ and what kind of looms?
Does it come with 3 loooms? If so, what kind of loom?
i need to no how to hook them together
so i can see how to connected loom ty
does this all come when delivered thats in the picture
dose this come 3 loom
Can the looms be connected together?
does this come with a "mighty eagle?" My son really wants the Mighty Eagle and I'm having trouble finding it
do they work with the kindle fire
Does angry birds go work on tablets and ipads
does these telepods work with the samsung galaxy tab 3 7 inch
So to make these work you need an ipad or tablet
Does this product work with the Google Android tablet?
1-Is the "2 Pack" REALLY made by DJI? cause the picture shows DJI package,so I'm confused. 2-Do they work on Phantom v1.2 with Self-Tightening props?
Will they work with the newer 2 Vision + V3.0?
Will these work on a Phantom 1.1.1?
Are these original DJI props or knockoffs?
The wheels keep coming up our of the rings. It happens to me as an adult and my 7 year daughter. How do you prevent this?
Knowing the contents of this particular set, are there recommended sets to compliment this? Or, are the contents included all there is?
Is this item made in the U.S.
does the original have a carrying case?
What is the different between this Spirograph set and the Deluxe Spirograph set ? They both seem to have the same items just markers instead of pens.
My nice is left handed; will she be able to use this easily? Thanks!
What age is this for?
Are there connectors available for the Wonder Loom to connect two or more looms for making larger projects?
this set comes complete with the tool to make bracelets too.
Does this item include some sort of divided container to store the looms or bands?
What size is the pool?
Are these crush proof?
Does this come with a mesh tote bag for the balls?
how many kids can fit in the pool at a time? Thinking of getting this for my daughters first bday party.
What are the dimensions of the pool?
Does this come with all the characters shown.
how many
how many in a pack?
How many Lego guy are in there
how many do youget in a pack
Why do you charge so much for shipping?
Will I get all the character
Will I get all the character
How can multiple sets of 3 be connected?
Does this fit the standard wooden track (like the Brio tracks)?
can the normal lego minifigures fit/sit inside this train? how about the mini dolls from lego friends? thanks!
Would this fit on a lego train track?
Does this come with a cow figure?
How much lift can it generate? Can it fly in 10mph wind? how high can it fly?
could this work for my 5yr old grandson , or what one would be best
Can the camera be positioned to view straight down?
Does this include Transmitter ? We purchased another one you have &amp; it came without the controller so my child was very disappointed.
how do i correct for default drift and use the trim functions? I realize im spending 90% of the time just adjusting the auto drift while hovering.
does it come with the blade guard?
what would you recommend to buy along with this quad, extra blades or maybe more chargers?
Can you view recorded video directly on the LCD (playback)? Or do you have to transfer to computer to view?
How far can the copter get from the remote? What's the range? Thanks
This is a very poor description. What is the video camera specs, 720p ? Does it take still photos? How many megapizels ?
We are in Auckland NZ. Can we get free shipping?
what is better,playing with it or making it a model???
is it fun to build
does it have base plates?
How large is this product once built? My sons loves playing with built Lego sets but space is becoming an issue.
What is the weight of the product?
How many pieces?
Is it possible to put pieces under the base plates?
do you know what is the box size?
Purchased the lego city police station (60047) however only one base plate was included. Do I have to purchase the other two b/plates?
Does anyone have a link for instructions on building the think tank set - we inadvertently threw ours out
Is there a DVD of the movie included?
Which toy sets are suitable for 4-5 year olds?
ARE BATTERIES NEEDED FOR THIS SET
is the set large
My grandson will be 6 years old, which legos from the lego movie do you reccomend?
Do the pieces actually move?
Is Emmet's face 2 sided?
What ages would this set be good for? Would this work for a 12 year old boy?
Will Tuesday still be Taco Tuesday?
do these come with the movie?
Does Wyldstyle come with her normal hair too? Or is it just the hood?
Wasn't this set $12.99 about a week ago? Now it is $21.95. I just ordered the exact same set off of Walmart for $12.95. Why did amazon up the price
Once it is set up on your computer, how often do you need to connect it to the computer again?
What makes the Custom Edition different from the standard LeapPad 2?
How is the battery? Is it a rechargeable or do I have to replace batteries?
How many games does it come with?
Can I buy an extended warentee for this?
How young a child would find this interesting/entertaining?
Can be configured in Spanish?
If I buy two of these for my children, do I need to buy each app twice for them to have on both, or can they share apps?
Does the LeapPad 2 have a SD card slot?
We dropped our leap pad 2 and need another, if we buy one can we download all of the apps we already ordered?
whar age group do you recommend?
Is this the explorer? I don't know if anyone knows.
where can I get just the replacement batteries and not the whole charging pack?
does this have a charging port
all the apps im looking at are not available.Is there another web page where the apps are available'? Are they any free apps ?
all the apps are free?
Is there free games or books or does everything have to be purchased separately
Does this come with a home charger and a car charger
I have a question. This comes with a leapfrog tablet 2 with 10 stickers skins?
Owners, for your little ones what else do you recommend with this item? Protective screen cover, silicone case, carrying case, etc.?
Will this include the flower shaped silver crystal?
How does the preorder option work? Am I billed immediately or when the product is released?
Will it just play the sound effects and the voices with sound effects or will the voices be with the sound effects only?
does this come in the original box? and what is the packaging it comes in?
Does this come with the stand and booklet?
Is it shipping to Russia and by what company makes delivery? Thank you.
how long is the wand?
Do you ship to Australia?
Is there a CE Certification for Europe on the stick or on the package?
Does this item ship internationally? or US only?
Is this a variable speed vehicle? Whats its range?
is it a body
How much is the batteries required.
Does it allow hands free VOX communication, preferably without headset? Is it water resistant?
Roughly what is the maximum range (like, in feet) of these walkie talkies?
How many and what size batteries are needed or included?
How long do the batteries last?
Can I buy 2 sets and have 4 walkies work togther?
what kind of headset is compatible with this unit?
What is the difference between the rt 628 model and the rt388?
I see there is a port to charge these. Do they have a separate Lithium battery inside or do you put rechargeable batteries in them to recharge?
Are these rechargable?
One of them doesn't pick up the "voice". I've made sure that they both are on the same frequencies/channels, etc. What else should I check?
If the glasses fall off would the marks be noticeable?
does he come with a sonic screwdriver?
Would this make a great gift?
Would this make a great gift?
Does the head only go side to side not up and down?
Will it be okay to run with graphite on the wheels too (they put it on all cars at check in) or do the wheels/axles need to be cleaned before using?
Is Zap Lube a dry power or wet substance? If dry, is it black or white?
Why is Zap! Lube better than Graphite or Teflon powders?
do the lights work?
how big is the car
What frequency (27MHz OR 49MHz) does this car work on??????
I need feedback. is this car good for a 9 year old
Does it come eith batteries? What kind does it take
does it come with batteries
What are the sizes of the wheels?
what batteries does it need
If you buy the 3 cars for $50 will the frequencies interfere with the other cars?
What MHz does it run on-----27 OR 49?
What are the recommended age group for the puzzles?
Are these the same puzzles as the ones for $1 at Target?
Where were they made
does it come in two boxes? or one big box?
Just received this from my brother for my daughter's birthday. Both puzzles are Elsa! There is no packing sheet in the box how do I get fixed?
$104.00 for a puzzle?
The cover of both puzzles is Anna. Is the puzzle box cover supposed to be the same or did they send 2 of the same puzzle?
I only received the Anna puzzle. Aren't they supposed to come together? Should I be expecting the Elsa puzzle to come in a separate shipmen?
What are the outside dimensions of the box itself? It is relevant when shipping outside the USA.
is 250lbs a true statement for maximum weight safety??
Does this include everything needed to hang the swing, or do I have to order the straps separately?
What is the length of the rope from which the base hangs? We want to hang this from a fairly low beam but don't want it to be too close to the floor.
Are there instructions for hanging this from a tree? We would like to hang it from a very high branch.
what is the swing radius? I'm trying determine how close I can hang a regular swing next to it.
How long does this hang (how long are the side ropes)? I'm trying to determine the length of the nylon rope hangers I will need.
Is this swing 44" wide, or 44" front to back?
Can this swing be mounted with a swivel hook (like a tire swing) so it can spin? Or just the two stationary swing hooks?
what is the construction on the tube
Can it be attached to a single hanger or do you have to use 2 hangers?
does this stroller easily collapse for storage?
WHAT AGE APPROPIATE IS IT?
can anyone tell me how tall this stroller is my daughter is 6 and tall, will it be too small for her?
Is the box the stroller comes in large? Could I fit it in a large duffel bag?
Does this have a purple stripe on the fabric, or only pinks? My daughter wants a purple stroller. Maybe I can get away with the purple stripes.
Is the color in the purple shade or pink shade?
I'm thinking of ordering this cute stroller/? But I'm wandering if it's easy to put together and does it fold down to store?
Does the Wonder Loom fit in this case?
Will this case fit the Bandaloom?
Does the Rainbow Loom Monster Tail fit in this case?
Will this product fit the Fun Loom?
How many bands will it hold
Will this case fit the Cra-Z-loom ?
Can you add a picture? A tree?
What is the width and height of this stamp?
where do i customize my stamper?
I would like to order three of these, two you have in stock, and one needs to be customized, but I can't locate your store front...
Could a 2 line stamp be made, such as1. first line: xxx High School 2. second lin: Class of xxxx
Can all capital letters be used?
can you tell me how thick the sticks are
Are they any better than the ones that the big box stores hands out for free?
How thick are they 1/8 inches thick?
What are the dimensions? How wide are they? I need them to be not quite 1 1/2 inches wide
are the sticks sealed? i want to stain them and dont want to have to do too much sanding.
What type of wood is used to produce these paint sticks?
Are these sticks straight enough and smooth enough to use as fan handles?
How long are these paint sticks?
How many paint sticks come with one order?
why do people keep saying that they don't like this
Does this case fit the crazy loom from toys r us? i have purchased others and they don't fit this brand only the rainbow loom?
Does this come with the bands or is it just the case?
Will this work for the Fun Loom?
Some of the reviews state that it comes with two cases. Is that true?
does this case hold the rainbow loom, hook and how many rubber bands? What are the dimensions of the case?.
Does this come with 2 attached together?
does product fit the wonderloom kit
Will a Hero 3 record video at the same time it is transmitting it to this unit for FPV?
Is it possible to power the Tx with the Phantom II battery? Is it better to run it that way and save the weight or is it better for run time to use th
is it the same video cord for the gopro 3+ black edition?
The installation is simple? You must link the Plug-N-Play Adapter for powering the Transmitter?
How do you use the Phantom 2 integrate power? Is there a good tutorial online?
Will this work in conjunction with a 5.8ghz rc flight controller?
One more time and Thanks.DJI Phantom1.1.1 - GOPRO 3Black.OK for this FPV Product?
Is it work with a Go pro 3+ or 4 black edition? thanks.
I have a Phantom 1. Gimbal is powered from the auxiliary line in the phantom. Can I split the auxiliary and power the gimbal and transmitter?
Will this work with a Blusmart&Acirc;&reg; SJ4000 1080P Sports Camera
Would you be able to turn a GoPro on using this transmitter receiver? This is possible with the GoPro WiFi system but is limited in distance.
I just got the Kumba Cam advanced Kit. May be a dumb question but how do i charge the two batteries it came with. Do I need to buy a separate charger?
This may be a dumb question but should the plastic wrap around the circuit board with the heat sink be removed before installing?
Does this kit come with a go-pro camera? I am building my own drone and would like to include an FPV system...
Do I have to get a new remote to use this? The one I have is the one came with DJI Phantom 2(2.4 GHz)
Will this system work with a Phantom 1?
Does this have telemetry and does it show like where you are and stuff?
So all I need is this kit and the plug n play for my phantom zenmuse correct? Also how to charge battery for this?
The battery for the screen runs out very quickly. Where can I buy a bigger capacity battery?
This combo serves the dji phantom vision 2? Making him some adaptation?
does this case have a handle some reviews say yes some say no. yes,no, or maybe so?!?!?!?!? Please answer. Thank you.
What are the measurements of this case??
is it deep enough to fit a Monster Tail? Also, what are the dimensions of the dividers?
can this fit my loom AND hook?
how many rubber bands can fit inside
how many rubber bands can fit inside
Will this fit in a regular sized kid's backpack?
Does the case close easily and do the bands stay in the right compartment when the case is being carried.? I ask because a non-official one I bought for my granddaughter at Joanne's has problems in those areas.
is it moveable
I want to order a couple of these. Will I be charged double the shipping?
Please, can you indicate the dimensions of the box? shipping dimensions? thanks in advance. Regards
Are the parents larger that peppa &amp; George??
Hi. Is it possible shipping to Brazil? ... If it is, please, tell me the best way.
Are these Ty Beanies?
I see a lot of customers never recieved this order..or waited months..how long did it take to recieve your order after your account was charged?
How long did it take for you to receive your order for this item?
Are the graphics that different compared to last-gen (e.g. PS3)?
Is it normal to see this annoying white flash between screens a camp fire? Not sure if mine is defective because it's irritating/annoying. TYIA.
Is Ps4 game region locked? Will i be able to play this game on Indian PS4 (PAL)?
I did not receive a game booklet inside the case. Was it left out or did the game not come with it?
DLC including "Tomb of the Lost Adventurer", Six Outfits is it all in the disk? or do I have to download it from PSN I don't like online Internet
Is there a wireless headset I can use with the voice commands?
support korean?
Do you have to have internet to play this?
It is Singal Player or Two Players
Excuse me Does this game include Chinese language&#xFF1F;thanks&#xFF01;
Pls to confirm if the language is only in english?
The doll speaks in Spanish
The doll speaks in Spanish
Do her shoes come off on this doll?
Do this doll ha have a fair skin tone?
Are there two different types of the Tris barbie? I've seen it in the store, one has her hair all pulled back and this other is like this boxed doll pic, one hair strand in front. Which one would I receive?
Do her knees bend?
What are the points of articulation?
Is she fully articulated?
Can Tris wear the Barbie clothes or does she have her own line?
Does she have brown eyes or blue?
Do her legs bend or is it the rubber legs that snap?
Does doll have brown eyes or blue eyes?? These pics are confusing. Are there two different dolls??
What is the height of the dolls?
Are these the same size as the Barbie sized dolls that are sold seperately?
What is the size of the olaf and sven?
do these dolls sing?
Are these dolls the right size for the Castle and Ice Palace?
Are the top portions of the dress fabric?
can this item be shipped to the uk
Are thes authentic Disney dolls? They don't look like the Disney dolls.
does anna come with her cape and elsa with her train
Is the cards in English cause the box shows it Japanese
I thought this set was due out on dec 13 is this the English version? Are you preselling?
Does this have trigger cards inside also?
does it have gold paladin cards?
does this come with a blower?
Is there any nylon on this unit or is it 100% vinyl?
what is the maximum wieght limit for the bounce house
How wide is this bouncer??
How high is the top of the slide?
Does it comes with a cover for sun protection?
What is the height of the bounce house?
whats the jump area?
I need shipping dimensions for international shipping. Any help about this?
What are the shipping dimensions?
What is the size of the box that this item ships in? I'm asking because I want to send it to a person in another country, checking the shipping price.
Why aren't these fulfilled by amazon anymore? i was hoping for the 2 day shipping with prime as i need this punctually for my anniversary :(
Both times the bears I received were different (cheaper and smaller). I would like exactly this bear as in the photos. Can you guarantee that?
how much does it weight?
What kind of fabric is the bear's nose and feet made of and are the pads printed or appliqu&eacute;s on the feet?
How many bands does it take to make the average size bracelett?
please rate the looms used to make rubber bands bracelets
Does anyone know how this compares with the other kits out there?
Does it come with the rainbow loom and the rainbow loom hook??
Is the loom and hook the orginal Rainbow Loom? Thanks
does the cover have a case?
does it come with the bands
does the loom maker have the arrows on it like a regular one would?
is the loom like rainbow loom`s?
are the bands stretchy?
What are the dimensions?
do they have the rubber bands already in the organizer?
will it be easy enough or are there directions for getting the money in the box?
if you only have to tap the end of the box to find the pin to open is it too easy will smart kids get it rite away
does each box open the same way - want to give to several people
How many currency bills will the puzzle box hold?
where are the instructions for on how to open it i went to monkey pod games like the paper instructed and used the code provided but nothing happened
I want to put 18 $5 bills in it. Will they fit?
Does this come with instructions on how to open it?
what level of difficulty?
How wide is this stroller?
Are the wheels plastic or rubber
Does this Blue &amp; Grey one come with a matching bag?
What is the height measurement on this stoller?
What country is this made in?
looking for a pram for doll of 18.5" is this suitable?
Hello. Does the bed have to be a &acirc;&#128;&#156;four poster&acirc;&#128;&#157; bed? When you say &acirc;&#128;&#156;does not have hanging rods&acirc;&#128;&#157; what does this mean and how would you get them?
We have a queen four poster bed? Will this work on a four poster bed?
how much does the sparkling lighted canopy weigh?
it says it has a string of 19 LED lights and a batterypack pouch and in the description it said 30 LED lights. What is the correct?
I don't have a poster bed, just a regular full. How is this used without a poster bed?
How does this attach to the ceiling? Does it have a loop on the top to attach to a hook? Thanks!
I need to know the weight and dimensions of it in it's shipping packaging
What are the dimensions of the rectangle portion that would be over the bed?
Does this canopy come with hanging rods, or is it only fabric that must be placed over an existing canopy?
Why is the Crabs Against Humidity expansion pack more expensive than the Cards Against Humanity expansion pack?
When playing with the CAH deck, can you easily tell who has the new Crabs cards or do they blend into your hand so they are not noticeable?
Some examples of the cards?
These cards can be mixed in with the Cards Against Humanity set right? These would act as a booster pack?
why the need to have Cards Against Humanity to play Crabs Adjust Humidity? All played HUMANITY but I want to gift to someone who doesn,t have HUMANITY
Is this appropriate for 12-13 yr old boys?
If you've never played either game (cards against humanity or crabs adjust humidity) does this game come w instructions2 tell us how2 play it?
Is this volume 1 or volume 2 of Crabs Adjust Humidity?
Example of some of the cards please?
Will fix size 2 toddler skates?
So these work for boys hockey skates?
Do these fit toddler 6 hockey skates?
Will these guards fit on adult size 8 ice hockey skates?
Do they fit figure skates?
Is this sold by pair or by each?
Does the pokemon card XY mega charzardbattle deck include charzard EX and MEGA CHARZARD EX?
does this pack contain both mega charizard ex's?
Can it be a mega charzard ex in x form?
do you get any cards other than the charizard ex's?
is there charizard x and y in the pack
WHY ARE THERE NO MEGA MEWTWO
do i actually this deck or do i get a different deck?
how much damage does the Japanese card do?
IS THERE TWO M CHARIZARD EXS IN THIS
does this come in english?
Will it contain M Charizard EX?
does it come with m char wild blaze
How many packs are inside?
is all of the cards in japoneese?
how many cards does it come with
will it contain some ex for me?
English or Korean? If Korean plz make english
how high are the chances of pulling a m charizard x
is this japinease
does it come with the black and blue mega charizard ex [on the box cover]
How many BTCs per day are you getting?
has anyone made any real money off these things???
Does this come with the jumper to start the power supply?
Need Help ASICMiner Block Eruptor Cube has stoppe working, it comes on then turns off in less the 10 sec. tried other power supply changed fuses
Does this have a manual? It doesn't show in windows 8 network
Is the Block Erupter Cube an all-inclusive product to immediately begin mining, or do I also have to purchase/install the blades separately?
will this mine other sha 256 coins
what are the actual size of the dresses?
What are the measurements of the trunk?
My child is 7 years old. Can i pick the size of these dresses?
what are the size of the dresses?
what the size?
How many color inside ?
does this come with bands
does the kit come with everything showed in the picture
What type of plastic is the box made of? For example, does it say PP or 5 anywhere on it to indicate it's made of polypropylene, or 3 for PVC, etc?
Would this fit my son's Fun Loom that is 3 1/2 inches wide and 11 inches long?
When the box is closed does each compartment hold its bands without spilling into another compartment?
About how many bands can it fit?
why is the kit so cool
Will this fit the Wonderloom?
does thecolors and the loom comes with it?
dose this come with rubber bands and a looms
What are the dimensions of the loom compartment?
So this is only the case, no bands or loom come with it?
Will the larger compartment fit a 13 inch crazy loom?
does it come with rubber bands organized in it
How high will it fly?
Can you purchase extra batteries and the memory card
Gave this Heli to husband as a gift. Got it charged, ready to fly and the rear propeller doesn't spin. Anyone else had this problem?
How much weight can this carry, if I wanted to attach my own camera?
Some people complained the camera points straight down. Can if be adjusted to different angles?
is it really 30inchs?
Is the HAK738C good for beginners?
When I turn on the helicopter and the remote control, there is flashing red light in heli's circuit board and heli doesnt work. Its not binding,
how can i get anohter owners manual
Charged helicopter plug in red power cord turned it on and it lights up. Turned remote on get blue non flashing light. Move controls and nothing?
Do the wheels work? Meaning, does the vehicle roll?
Does it detach into the bike?
can you fit a 6 in action figure in it?
Is this model of the tumbler diecast or plastic?
does it come with a display platform?
Is this ELITE hotwheels
can the top be opened on this and are the tyres made or rubber or plastic ?
what is the length of this and how much does it weigh ?
how big are the figurines
will i get the light up tree in the backgroud? listing says led tree
How small/large of a cake would make sense for these teeny tiny figurines?
How many batteries are in the tree?
What country are these manufactured in?
does this come with the tall clear glass christmas tree in center of cake
how did you get the clear christmas tree to light up
How tall are the figures?
Is the Elsa figure attached to or balanced on the bubble in the photo?
The decriptions states "includes all accessories shown" so it does include the 2 trolls, snow monster, sled and prince; correct?
According to the product reviews, there seems to be some error; where 1 Pack was sent, instead of the Box of 36 Packs, has this been Fixed?
Is the listing correct now for in terms of price and what you are receiving? 77.95 for a box of 36 boosters?
Reading reviews and such and just placed and order for A whole box of 36 Boosters, is this exactly what i will be getting?
Why are you giving out 1 pack than a whole booster box? Are you all out of them?
Is this a 2 player only game?
Is this a good deck in genral for competative play?
How many card are in this deck?
When I received this item it was an Applejack and Twilight Sparkles theme deck. What should I do
How many dividers come with the box?
How many cards without protectors can it hold
Is it plastic? If it is cardboard, will it withstand a 7 year-old's love?
How many cards will this hold?
How many cards will this hold if they are wearing sleeves?
Is this just the box or does it include sleeves?
How many boxes come per order? Just one?
How tall is this product? Thank you. :)
Can I order multiple figures at the same time?
Does the hat come off of emmett?
Do the LEGO movie figures come with stand?
does it have two faces?
why is it not prime
does it come with stand
is it hard to transform
Is this kit durable enough for a child to play with as an action figure once assembled?
Do the parts snap together for easy assembly?
how tall is it
is it already built
is this the new one
Does it come with the poles?
Are the poles still arriving "moldy" as some of the commenters have reported? Or, has the vendor fixed this issue?
what are the poles of the teepee made of?
Is this Teepee Brown or White? I read the reviews and some say both. I want White but there isn't an option to select my choice.
Where is this made? USA or out of country?
Did anyone get rid of the smell?
Can you take off fabric? Not the floors which was mentioned, but the walls. I want to take it off to tie dye it
What is the diameter of the floor of the teepee?
Is the floor of the teepee removable?
Is there decent ventilation with both window and door open? Too hot? Is it fairly wide, well past avg. 6 year old's head height, seated,not cramped?
what is camera resolution? What size sd card can be used?
How do you work the camera ....to record...and turn it on transmitter....
Does this include the camera?
Where can we obtain an operations manual ?
I replaced all of the motors on mine and props spin but quadcopter won't lift off the ground. Does anyone know why this is happening?
How many flights have most of you been getting before a noticeable drop in battery life?
How do i switch to camera mode on my 1080p camera for my cyclone?
my camera on my cyclone doesn't take photos, i have pressed the modular action 2 button lots but it doesn't work. Do i have to switch modes?
what the size of ?
is the camera included in this paticular model? it says on the title but it doesnt say in the description...
what size is he
what size is he?
How manny days does it take to get in
Is his name really ice cubes
Is his name really ice cubes
What is his birthday
do you ship to India?
Does he have different birth dates for most everyone
How many Charms total do you received for the $5.99?
how much charms are there
are you able to request specific charms?
How Many Do you get cause theres alot in the picture?
how many charms are their
how many charms are there
is the difference between the limited edition and the standard edition significant?
looking into getting a ps4 for Christmas I played the first game and really liked it is this game on par or better then the first infamous?
how many language i can choose?
Hi, is there a cooperative multi-player mode? If so, does it require a separate console per player? Thanks!
Should I play the original Infamous games to fully understand Second Son?
Are there super attacks like in infamous
what does " All region" mean, in back of cover?
which is the best standard edition or limited edition?
Out of all these editions, which is the better one with many bonus features and such?
I'm french and i want to buy the game but in the game option can we change the language to french ?
Are these threaded/self tightening, or must I also purchase the nut caps?
Can these props fit phantom 1.1.1
Are these props balanced or customer has to balance the props himself?
The photos show a set of 4 identical props. Are they actually a set of 2 clockwise props and 2 counter clockwise props?
Will these work on the new Phantom 2 V2.0. V2.0 Apparently have new prop design?
What is the diameter of the center hole?
My blades just arrived without the retaining nuts which means these are useless. Where can you get the CW &amp; CCW nuts to make these blades usefull?
I see these don't have the proper left and right handed nuts molded in like the OEMs. How do you mount them on the DJIi Phantom 2 Vision?
How do they attach to the DJI Phantom 2 Vision? Are they self tightening or will I need something else?
this order comes with 2 boxes does it
What are the odds of getting a god card in these packs?
How many cards come with this pack?
Are these legit cards or fake?
Im trying to get back into yugioh with my friends would this be a good starting point for the price we're playing old school like the original anime
Are the battle pack 2 packs 1st edition?
Do they give you the whole box
Do they give you the whole box
Does this mount on the Phantom 1.1.1?
Could I mount this to any platform, e.g. a Parrot AR? What would be needed additionally, if yes.
What is the exact firmware on this board? In order to make any adjustments to the controller you need to know what firmware and version (not just v3)
I have two questions; Is this compatible with DJI Phantom 2 Vision+, and are there instructions that come with?
How can I determine which Phantom 1 version I have. The label on the airframe says Model 330. Is that a 1.1.1??
Does this have Tilt Control?
2 Part Question - A) Does it work with the Phantom 1 and B) Does it run off of the 11.1v aux cable coming out of the leg of the copter? Thanks!
Regarding the Phantom 1, is it necessary to upgrade the board for this gimbal to work properly?
Does this mount work on Phantom 2?
I just got this gimbal yesterday. It worked for 20 minutes. Now it is unresponsive and it wont connect to the computer. What is going on?
Do they work with cra z loom?
Do they work with Rainbow Loom?
Are the colors bright?
Is there any color bleed on bands?
Are they latex free?
Are the colors true colors?
Are they silicone?
Do they break easy?
Do they smell?
is it suitable for adults 18+ ? if so, what are the weight and hight limits?
Hi. Is this hugglepod in stock? Also, do you have the metal stand available as well? Thank you!
can this be shipped to Hawaii
The instructions state that you need hardware, but the hardware isn't designed for a tree install. Do we need hardware for hanging in a tree?
Is there a way to get a replacement cushion? Ours ripped at the seam.
How do the lights work, battery or plug into wall socket?
does it include a bottom pillow?
does this come with the stand
how much weight does it hold?
What are the dimensions?
Is this 100 sheets or 100 stickers?
how big is each sticker? Is it too big for the front of a 3 3/4 in. notepad
How many different stickers are in the roll of 100? To be clear, I want to know how many of the same sticker is within the 100?
Same question as the other one below: Is this 100 sheets or 100 stickers?
what cards are in the x and y packs
how many cards are in 1 booster pack
how many cards are in 1 booster pack
What is the size of the prop?
My son bought a Proto X Nano ESTE 4606 and 2 blades broke right after purchase and we are trying to find replacements. Will these fit?
Do these replacement blades work with model 4609??? I'm guessing they do but need to get that verified before purchase.
Do these replacements work for the Proto X SLT?
Why if ordering two or three sets does shipping double or triple? I can't see the 1/5th of an ounce that these weigh causing that.
Do they actually work? What do they fit on?
Are these ever cheaper than $10? That's ridiculous. $2.50/prop no thanks
Do they fit the Estes Syncro 4609?
Does with work with DJI Phantom Drone original? Not the 1.1.1 version
Does anyone know how to install this lever? I don't see any room to make all pieces work without cutting the plastic stem on the controller
How long will shipping last to USA?
Does this come with installation instructions?
Hi, I bought this. Can someone tell me how to install it?
Does this work with the FC40...?
Does it work with the Phantom 2 Vision Remote ? the 5 Ghz one. Thank you!
Do you need to update of solder anything for this to work?
This is the real item right?
How tall is this figure?
Does this figure ship to Saudi Arabia
Will it come with Artemis her cat like Sailor Moon came with Luna?
Is this going to have a limited first edition like Sailor Moon? (ie: only some will have Artemis or her mask)
Why is Venus coming out before Jupiter? Seems kind of out of order to me is all.
Are the bands real or fake?
Are they latex free?
Do they break easy?
Do they work with Rainbow Loom?
Is there any color bleed on bands?
How many clips included?
How many clips included?
Are they silicone?
Why is this so cheap than the older version? Is the quality going to be cheaper?
How similar is this to RoboRally? Is it bascially a JR. version? That would be a good thing, BTW. RoboRally is a fantastic game.
What's the difference between this and the older model?
what is age range of players?
It makes no sense, how do you play the game and what is it about?
Can children advance on their own, or do parents need to have a programming background to help them do that?
My son is 4.5 but i have been playing more complex game like Tic to Ride, Forbidden Island, Jr. Catan..etc i wonder is this game will be suitable?
Is there real coding and a real robot turtle, or is it simulated by using the card and moving a turtle card?
is this game multilanguage or just in english ?
Will adults learn coding concepts from playing this game, or would it be silly for them? Can one adult play this game alone as 2 players?
Are these trains compatible with Melissa and Doug tracks? Please only answer if KNOW the answer.
Do these work on the kidkraft brand train sets?
what is the recommended age for this train set?
Do they fit on Ikea tracks? Also where are they made?
Will these fit in imaginarium tracks? They are from toys r us. My son received the table and some trains from his daycare.
Are these made in China?
What is the width of these trains? Will they fit a Step 2 Canyon Train Table?
Is the paint used on these trains non toxic?
are these for children under 3?
How big are the individual pieces?
Is this the small or medium sized?
is this blue or purple?
How big is it... Dimensions.
Does it come with a Ty tag?
is it really small
what is the package weight for this LEGO Creator Expert 10243 Parisian Restaurant
How many hours total will something like this take to build?..It seems once its built, the "fun" is lost and rebuilding becomes boring?..
are the bags numbered?
what kinds of food items are there??
Why can't I fit the pillars between the doors?
How many monsters come in this
Is the deck 1st edition?
Would this be a good deck with a few edits
Will a tracking number be provided for this item if ordered as a singular item?
Will the item be shipped in Amazon box?
what are the common cards?
what are common cards?
what kind of monsters are in it?
How many fusion cards are in here
Does it come with cyber twin dragon
the description says it's a 5lb bag, but the product detail says the shipping weight is only 4.2 lbs - so you don't actually get 5 lbs of sand?
Can this product be used outdoors or is it intended for indoor use only?
Is Sands Alive gluten free?
Do you think that you could combine the Sands Alive product with Kinetic Sand?
how much sand is needed for 3x3x1 sand tray
I have an empty sand box table that I was planning to use indoors. Why is it not recommended to use it?
hi is this white color? i hope so
hi is it white color?
is this different fron kinetic sand?will this stay together when you make shapes not fall apart?
Can Sands Alive! sand be dyed?
are they latex free? is it true that the bags contain less then 625?
How stretchy are these bands? Could they fit, without risk of breaking, around something the size of a human head?
My daughter only wants blue, she couldn't find right single color refill for exact blue color which is in your product. I was wondering if you sell only this type of blue? thank you!
Do the colors come in separate baggies?
The title says that the pack comes with clips. But there is no details on the type and number of clips included. Can you provide this info?
Are the rubber bands good quality?
Are the bands real or fake?
Are they good bands that are hard to break?
Does this product really smell that bad?
How many bags and what colors are included?
What is the Size?
How many inches is this?, is it 7?
How tall is it?
where was this Ocelot plush toy made..??
where does it ship from?
Is this stampylongfoot?
Is this StampyLongFoot?
does it come in different colors
Is this a licensed Minecraft product WITH a official Minecraft tag attached?
does it come in differnt colors
how much packs are in each one
Listed a 'Price: $24.79 &amp; FREE Shipping ' but at checkout it was not free shipping. Did I miss something?
Is the age on this 7and over or 13 and over?
how many packs are there?
How many cards do u get?
Does this pack include genesect EX?
does it really contain both packs?
does it come with both packs
Do these decks have a tin?
how many cards are in the box?
how many packs are in a box?
if I purchase right now, by when would I recieve?
is it 1st edition
A description of the types of cards i might in there?
Why can't you send it in Italy? Now I live there, please answer me.
This is stillthe price of the box?
is it released in America or only Europe on February 28? I saw somewhere that it's Europe only.
How big are the stickers?
So would these fit well on the front of a large round lollipop?
DO these stickers come in 15 sheets of 5 stickers each, so that they can be included in return gifts
Is there a way I can choose the stickers I want? I really want the majority to be of Anna and Elsa w/some Olaf, Hans, Kristoff.
Do these come on a roll? or on sheets? Thank you!
Are you willing to send these USPS Regular mail in an envelope so that shipping is cheaper?
Does this card ship immediately to me?
The picture shows a foil Xenagos, God of Revels. Would I purchasing the card in the picture?
Is this the foil version? Sorry if I've already asked this question.
The picture is of the card is foil. Is it a foil version you are selling?
"Shipping is by mail in a paper chart or in a package with tracking?
Shipping is by mail in a paper chart or in a package with tracking?
Shipping is by mail in a paper chart or in a package with tracking?
Shipping is by mail in a paper chart or in a package with tracking?
Are you kidding? This set is supposed to launch on February yet there are already sets up here almost double in price? No preorders anywhere? WHY?
Can you please confirm that the 71006 The Simpsons House includes the garage and simpson car as well as the figurines as shown on the box?
What are the dimensions of the box? The dimensions stated on Amazon seem inaccurate.
How do you replacements for missing pieces. Several are missing which is to be expected but we would like them.
First time buyer with Amazon, can you please confirm box will be safely packaged for Postage to Australia? As collectors edition, we want box intact.
Would this fit into a suitcase measuring 25 x 17 x 9 to travel overseas? I know the box states measurements but it is difficult for me to envision it.
Hi, do you send to Brazil?
Hello, could you tell me priority shipping cost and time to Melbourne Australia for the Simpsons Lego house. Thank You, Leigh
Can this ship to oversea? Asia?
How long does it play for?
How long does it play and rotate? Until you turn it off or does it shut off after a certain amount of time?
Will the mobile rotate without music playing or does the music have to be playing if the mobile is turned on?
What are the dimensions of the player?
Could this replace the wind up part of a current mobile?
Are these the same tunes as the 12 of the AGPtek mobile? I already have that one, and i want to add more.
What tunes does it play?
does this mobile rotate
Can It be used with Phantom 1
Do these have an HDMI connection?
Can glasses people wear this ?
is there an installation video for phantom 2 with Fatshark using Plug and play cable
Can I use this on an IRIS3dr? I'm getting mixed answers on this.
How does the camera get power? can it use the balance lead for a 3s?
will this work with the parrot bebop
Is this compatqble with a Walkera QR X350 PRO with DEVO F7 FPV Quadcopter, Also I wear glasses
Is the kit plug and play?
Is this the price for one chalkboard easel?
are the easels white or natural beige?
Is this item just an easel, or is there a chalkboard attached/included?
Does it come with pen?
How many come with your purchase?
Hi! What is the height of the easel it sits on (measured from table to top of easel)? I want to make sure its seen with my other surrounding center pi
What are the dimensions 3x5, 5x7, ???
Does this battery fit dji phantom 2 vision+?
Does anyone know if this works with the FC40?
How long does it take to recharge one of these batteries?
I just received this two pack kit from PrimeDeal. I'm concerned that these aren't authentic as the data pins/LEDs look different from the original.
will these work with the new phantom 3 professional?
Does it come with a charger?
What s DJI warranty on these batteries? I have now had two fail prematurely. The latest has swelled up after only about twenty uses.
how many cycles
Is this battery any different from the one used in Phantom 2 vision?
Will these fit on an original Phantom?
does it come with different / longer screws for mounting?
Is this official DJI "oem" product?
Will this fit the Phantom 2 Vision+?
what is it for?
Whats the string for?
will prop guards effect flight
Does it fit phantom 3?
If these aren't a DJI oem product, why is it listed "by DJI"?
If the Phantom hits something or someone the prop guards resist and protect all? Does not lose stability video, or damage to the motors with this?
When used with a single doll, could the center divider be removed so that the doll could sit in the center?
Will it work for 2 20inch five lbs baby dolls
Is this a dark purple like the photo or lighter? Is it easy to clean? If anyone could please tell me, I'd really appreciate it. Thank you! :)
anyone know if the American Girl bitty twins fit in this stroller?
"Easy fold, body is fully assembled all you need is to put the wheels on (Less then 1 min)"....Does this mean the stroller can fold when not in use?
Please - handle height from most upright position to floor? Amazon says it's 29"-others say less. Will it work for my average 6.5yrs without slumping?
What is the height on this stroller? From handles to floor
is it light or heavy ? can adult use it for dolls or just for baby use ? .i am tall about 5"3 wondering of can i carry my babies dolls on it ?
Do the front wheels swivel?
Do the front wheels swivel?
Are there any Trainer cards in this pack?
Can someone explain to me why Pokemon is a legit alternative to any other trading card game? I mean, its metagame is exclusively costless Trainers.
Would you say this card game is to advanced for a 5-6 year old?
Does this have online TCG codes?
We bought one of these 2-pack sets at Target and one of the packs was in Spanish. Are both packs in this set in English?
Will this teach my son how to trade all styles of pokemon cards? He has basic, EX,STAGE 1, Etc cards.
how many pokemon cards
What types of energy cards does this deck have?
are you out of stock
Is there packs in these, like to make up the deck or is it a box-ish thing holding the wholec thing? What moves does Slyveon have?
Are they the size of Barbie dolls?
Do their clothes come off? My daughter only wants them if she can change their clothes.
how tall are these dolls?
Do the clothes snap off?
i want to know if it's a quality doll or if it's a cheep one , like does it have flexible joints is the plastic like a barbie ? thanks so much
I am confused. Mattel or Disney? Which is the right one to buy? Clothes come off, Some say yes and then a woman states No. Which is it please?
Do the dresses have the glitter on them that comes off when you touch it??
Does anyone let me know how many dolls each pack?
can you separete them
Do their knees bend at all? Thanks.
Are any of the cards in this lot pictured?
are there any energy?
Are these the included cards
Is this mat made out of paper, cloth, or something more durable like reinforced cardboard
Will this work for cardfight vanguard?
is this hard or soft?
What are the dimensions of this mat?
Will the hub and cables work with the Zenmuse H3-3D gimbal ?
Will this work with my Phantom FC40? I am using a Walkera G-2D gimbal and IOSD Mini and Mini AVL58 TX Lite Module downlink along with Gopro Hero 3.
It is available in YouTube This is a way for the installation
The CAN-BUS Connector has one of the pins missing where you connect the iOSD. If I need that connector on the Can-Bus where could I get another?
will this system work with the Immersion RC Tx and iosd mini?
Does this ship from China or the US?
So according to one of the reviews, this would work on a Phantom 1...is that correct?
Could I use this on my Phantom Vision 2, If I wanted to attach a GoPro Camera to it?
do you sell only the brown and yellow wire cable for the phantom2?
Will I be able to put this setup + the IOSD mini inside my Phantom 2?
White version... 4606 or 4609? The one that I received was marked "proto" and has red frame, anybody get one like the picture?
Hi, I am thinking about buying this but am concerned because we live in co springs at an altitude of 6,000 ft. Will this have any affect on the quad?
is it easy to fly?
Anyone know the exact differences, if any, between this Nano and the Estes Proto X?
Can you buy replacement batteries for this Quadcopter and if so which ones? I would like to have a few on hand for Christmas.
Has anyone else had issues with the front left or back right motors? My dad and I got one each and they both failed the front left motor.
Does this version work with a Hubsan X4 controller like the Proto X does?
Would painting the blades (e.g. orange, so they're easier to find when they fall off) throw off the balance and affect flight?
do you have to trim this
Does this work outside too?
is this compatible with the 2013 toys r us megazord?
Can you combine the Legacy Dragonzord with the Legendary Megazord from Super Megaforce ?
Is this compatible with the original megazord?
Does it have stickers?
Will this item release in US soon? I saw someone got him in Canada.
Is this compatible with the Toys R Us Megazord that came out around 2009/2010?
Is this the the 11" Dragonzord?
I preordered it when it was 80 dollars.. since the price went up am I going to be charged more? or will it be the same price I originally paid?
Hello! Will this item arrive at amazon's warehouse soon? I see it has released somewhere though.
Hi can you post to the UK (N.Ireland)
is this the same one fromtoy r us?
Does it have the same fanfare tunes that the Green Ranger plays to command the Dragon Zord?
Is this the toys r us exclusive from the legacy collection?
Is it cheaply made and just for display or can you actually play with it too?
I push and hold the buttons, but I am not getting the "deluxe" sounds. I am only getting "hitting" sounds. What am I doing wrong or is it defective?
Are Batteries included?
How big is it?
Does it come with a stand or how would you display this?
I see mostly reviews from adults loving it so I wanted to see if it's appropriate for my 5 yr old and worth the money?
can the legacy dragon dagger be shipped to australia ?
Why is it so expensive? i can buy it for like $20 on other sites
How much cards are in this pack?
I still don't have it and i have prime, how long does it normally take.
Is there floor the pig in this battle deck?
If I got this and Finn vs. Jake could I play Rainicorn vs. Jake ?
How long does it take to ship from you to california Sacramento
how long will it take for the game to come to me
Is this from the Pokemon Center?
how big is it?
How tall in inches is it?
I wanna know if this item can be shipped to Puerto Rico and how much it will cost?
Is it possible to straighten the whole tail?
Is this the 2014 Neca Godzilla?
If the head to tail is 12 inches then what is the size head to feet?
What are the differences between "Bandai JAPAN Movie Monster Series: 2014 GODZILLA" &amp; "NECA Godzilla - 12" Head to Tail "Modern Godzilla" Action Fig"
This looks real good and if I can track it down I will probably buy it. But my question is, I am also looking for some neca Pacific Rim stuff, and how does it size up with the PR figures?
DOES IT BLOW FIRE AND TAIL MOVE
Will this 12 inch Neca Godzilla figure be the same size for the Bandai S.H. MonsterArts Godzilla 2014 Toy Figure?
How tall is it?
Do you ship to china?
does lego junior work with regular lego
Are Lego Juniors a regular size Lego brick or is it the size of the Lego Duplo bricks?
How many wheels does this set have? can anyone direst me to a set that has a good deal of wheels and bricks?
Are the pieces to small for a two yr old?
Does this bucket have a handle?
Does this set come with instructions on how to build things?
How many lego peices are in this set?
can i use duplo with junior legos
Does anyone know how many pieces there are?
how big is the container
How do you choose a color?
can you put a lipos in it
Can it pull a trailer?
What color is the truck ?
I know it isn't specifically a crawler, but can it climb things at all, or just run on smooth ground?
How fast is the car
Is it watter proof
How fast?
Can this run in water?
how fast duse it go?
Do I need to be concerned about having these delivered in the middle of summer? Will the heat reduce their chance of survival.
Do I get the caterpillars or a coupon to get them?
How long does it take for caterpillars to start turning into cacoons?
what kind of butterflies are these?
How can I buy the caterpillars but have them mailed to my grandchildren in Az?
Do you know the demotions?
Does this have a pump or an anchor with rope? Thank you
Does this come with a anchor bage and rope? Thank you
Is the material thick enough to survive small-to-medium (&gt;25lbs) dogs climbing aboard?
I need to know the exact weight of the product with the box! Thank you
I had one a couple of years ago, but had a hard time keeping it clean. I live alone, so I don't always have two people to help me turn it over. Any suggestions on what I can use to cover it?
Can I use it on the beach? If not, could you introduce which one can be used?
Is this the green&amp; white one with loungers at back facing out? Or the blue &amp; white one with loungers facing each other?
So is this green &amp; white with loungers in back facing out? Or blue &amp;awhile with loungers facing each other? I have seen 2 different kinds.
is this the blue one on the cover of the box or the green one shown in all the pictures
Would this fit on a exceed buggy 1/10 scale?
is this for a 4x4 car &eth;&#159;&#154;-? or can you put it on a 2 wd car
is this for a 4x4 car &eth;&#159;&#154;-? or can you put it on a 2 wd car
is it black rims ?
about how tall are they?
Does it work with Exceed Madspeed ??
are they mounted on the rims?
Does it fit Redcat Racing Lightning EPX ??
will they fit on a redcat tornado 1/10 scale? If not any suggestions? Need street tires thx
what size is the hex?
I have Team Associated SC10 and is this will fit?
Will these fit on a DriftStar RTR drift car
Are the rear wheels offset and if so by how much?????
How tall are they? I have a slash 4x4 LCG that I want some throw away tires for drifting on slick concrete
Would they fit my exceed legion 1/10 4wd
would this fit the tornado s30
will they fit on a traxxas jato 3.3 ?
Will these wheels and tires fit a Turnigy 1/10 Brushless 2WD Desert Racing Buggy?
will they fit on redcat tornado epx pro?
are they plastic?
Are these plastic or metal?
How many coins are the in the package?
How many coins do you get? Doesn't seem to say ... Thanks!
how many are in one order??? (pack)
How many coins do you get?
Where do you put the compass?
Will this fit the phantom 2 vision+ v3.0?
How much taller are they ; exact dimension ?
How do I modify the new leg to fit the compass shell from the old leg
How do I install the white box labelled "compass". It is the white box with a white cable and the little box is attached to the stock legs.
Which carry case is designed for Phantom when these are attached?
can you supply the extend cable for the compass
do they work with the phantom 1?
is this US made?
Will this fit on the FC40??
does it have a drain plug like other models?
how big does this measure?
How much water does it hold and is there plenty of room for at least 3 toddlers at the table?
What age is this for
Does the Step 2 umbrella attach to this table?
Can this product be delivered to New Zealand?
How do you compare this table with Step2 WaterWheel Activity Play Table?
When this is assembled do all the parts such as the tower snap on to the table to remain snapped on in a permanent way or do so they easily fall off?
Would this water table be appropriate for a 16 month old? Is the tower wheel too tall?
where can I get the tools ?
toys they say in the description "Origin: China" are in china or united states ??
does the rescue bot move?
why does it say 10 inch...then 6 inch?
10 inch or 6 inch...why does the ad say both?
what are the accesories that fit on his hands? I have looked in amazon and still haven't figured it out
What size are the mini figures that go in their chests and where can I get them?
Is the dry erase surface magnetic?
What's the height at the lowest setting?
Does the replacement paper roll from melissa and doug (18 in) fit on this easel?
Do the paint pots have covers for when they are done?
Are both sides magnetic?
Which rolls of paper work with this easel (brand and size)?
What are the actual dimensions? The ones listed here do not sound realistic. (55 x 45 x 110 inches? That's over 9 feet tall.)
What are the actual dimensions? The ones listed here do not sound realistic. (55 x 45 x 110 inches? That's over 9 feet tall.)
Is this easel foldable? What is the height at the lower setting?
Are these the real Disney products?
what sizes are the dresses am looking for 7/8
where do u change the size of these dresses
Do these run true to size? My daughter is 5 and wears a 4T.
what is the material?
These dresses are for girls? or dolls? I can post the measures in feet and if it is for a girl of that age? My daughter is 2 years . Thanks for the he
it looks like only one costume?
Do these tie in the waist in the back?
Are these the light up &amp; musical dresses?
Do these dresses fit an 8 year old girl?
I would like to order this for my daughter's birthday in a few weeks. What is the procedure to get the picture of her to you?
How big is the image?
Could you write Happy birthday Ashley on this?
Will the contact/email information be available after I complete the purchase? I want to be sure I am able to provide you with the information needed
i was wondering if you can add text to the print, with a name for example
What size should be the personalized picture?
My daughter's birthday isnt until Aug. 31st, when do you suggest ordering the cake topper? How long will it stay good?
I'm wondering what size this item is. It looks like it could be cut to fit...is that possible ? I need one 4x16 or something 4xless than 16
how do you store the sheet prior to putting it on the cake?
Can I use it on ice cream cakes?
Does this transmit the image to the controller so you can see what you are videoing?
My quadcopter came in today but the instructions say nothing about mounting the camera. I don't see where the USB goes.
Is there a viewing screen on the controller?
what is the camera and video resolution?
When the quadcopter gets out of range and is 90 feet in the air, does it keep flying of does the motors shut down or does it keep going?
what are the measurments and weight of the package?
Is the live feed camera good enough to see if my dogs have a rattle snake cornered on 1 acre propriety? If not any suggestions?
So this comes with a camera already installed correct?
I have mounted the camera OK but I can't get it to take a picture or video. I've pushed the function buttuns in every way I can think of but it doesn'
Can I remove the ring protection from the copter for make it fly? Thanks
What kind of material Plastic or Card board?
What kind of material Plastic or Card board?
What kind of material Plastic or Card board?
how tall are these bags?
Are the Guns removable from his hands
How fun and playable is this figure?
How tight are the headphones on his head ?
Does the figure look like Chris Pratt, who portrays him in the movie?
What year did this come out?
Where do you ship it from? How long will it take to be delivered to USA?
How tall are these figures?
how much does the boxed set weigh?
Are the dolls the right size for the ice castle and princess castle?
How tall are the dolls?
Are the arms painted? Some Elsa dolls do not have fabric sleeves, they are painted on.
What are the dolls made of?
does this set sing
does this set sing
are the arms and feet articulated?
Are these dolls like a Barbie doll size?
Are they packaged together or separately?
are the dolls fully posable?
Where can I get an English User Manual?
Does this work with SDHC? I tried an 8GB SDHC card and no video was recorded. Then switched to a 2GB SD card and video did record.
Is this the same product as: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00E...
Ok one answer says the range is 150 foot and two other answers say it's 100 meters/yards. Which is it? That is a big difference.
I received my HD Hubsan X4 and the SDHC card doesn't "spring click" in like my non HD model, is this normal?
Whats in the box?
How far is the range of the remote control?
what type of camera?
Does this come with remote control?
I know how to go front, back, left, and right, but how do you turn the whole helicopter so the camera is facing a different direction?
is usb charger include in the box for charging the copter? and whats the diffferend with other colors because othere one prices are differend?
Does it include the battery?
flight time
Does it have LED lights for night flying?
Can you use the hubsan transmitter with the video screen with this?
does the hubsan X4 come with the SD memory stick
Does the camera only face ahead or can you get it to take aerial shots like satellite images?
What's the maximum amount of memory this quadcopter can take for a Micro SDHC? 4GB? 8GB? or higher?
does this come with extra blades and blade protector?
Is this HD?
How many cards are in each booster pack?
How many cards are in it.
On the picture it showed 2 different Tins, but when the product arrived it is two of the same Tins, so does this mean the cards will be the same also?
are there mega ex and how much are there?
Are instructions included? If not, can I download/print instructions to play. You might have guessed, I'm new to the world of pokemon
dose it have good cards
Is this a preorder item?
how long does it take to get to your house if you live in san jose,ca
Are all of them powerful?
How many cards do u get?
will it work without an ipad or iphone?
Can you only use this a night or can you see the words during the day?
Can you put this on the front wheel? We have a turbo exhaust on the back wheel that takes up a lot of space.
works with android phone or just iphones?
Is the pattern only visible from one-side?
Does it show up during the daylight, or does it have to be used at night to be seen?
Is it one color or multi-color?
Can this work with more than one? Will two of them link together with the same settings so the image will display at a lower RPM?
Is it waterproof?
Can this be used on wheelchair wheels? Does it have to be going a certain speed for the design to show up?
how big are these balloons?? all i need to do is add helium?
Did anyone have these filled at a Party City? I was told it was a flat .89 inflation fee but I would think for these supersize ones it would be more?
what are the balloons made of?
says a pair of sister balloon does that mean1 Olaf balloon and one anna and one elsa balloon 3 balloons altogether.?
when my order will be shipped ?
Is this price for both balloons?
Is this the Castiel figure with wings? Or without?
Why do they say it's a hot topic exclusive if the box doesn't say so?
whats the size?
What's the difference between exclusive Castiel and regular?
why is castiel 34.99 when dean and sam are only like 9 dollars
what is the size of Castiel figurine? is he under 4"? also, why does he not have blue eyes?
Is the Funko Pop Castiel figure's hair color dark brown, or black?
do the beads come with the package?
Are they in colours as pictures? Are these same colours as in the 5400 pcs set?
Does these come with gold and silver?
Does the set of tutorials come with this refill set?
hi, how many c-clips and s-clips of the 500 clips? thanks.
hi, how many rubber band for each color? N how many c-clips and s-clips? thanks.
Will these loops make potholders on a loom?
Do the bands break easily?
where are they made?
Is it 100% silicone
Is it fake card? How do you know it?
Is this item just a card, or is it card that comes in a tin box? or is it just an empty tin box? or is it a tin card? Hope you can understand. thx.
How can you tell it is real .
what is a tin card? Would my son who just recently started collecting appreciate this one?
do fake cards exist
Does that energy even exist
does it have protective sleeve?
is it one card
when is this being shipped to mygrandson?? it should have arrived thursday 7/24/14
what are the dimensions?
What kind of paper is this printed on? Sugar sheets? Icing/frosting sheets? Wafer paper? Can I cut out the figures with scissors, then apply to cake?
hi, I want this for the 6th of June, can I place it now or will it dry up before I use itthen, also will all 3 be enough for a 12 inch cake?
What is the best way to store this if I order it a few weeks before I need to use it? Is it better to wait and order it a few days before I need it?
Can you get this border in blue?
I just ordered this item. Is it possible to customize these? One of your responses indicated it may not be possible.
I just ordered Graduation Sihouette Cap and Gown Edible Strips. Would like to take you up on your offer to customize. How do I message you?
are these prints heat stable for making lolipops?
Can theese cake prints be used on fondant cakes?
Hi, can I get these in Royal Blue instead of black?
How does it turn on? I see the on switch on the remote but nothing on the boat. Remote alone is not working.
Dimensions?
How much play time dose it have
Is there an upgraded battery I can buy for longer run time
My transmitter doesnt connect to the receiver. I havent been able to use my boat. Any ideas???
Can this boat be run in salt water?
Does the FT 009 have a brushless or brushed DC motor?
how much time needed to recharge battery? the red light has to became green or not?
Just ordered two boats, and got extra Holy Stone Upgraded Lipo batteries. Will the stock chargers also charge these Lipo batteries?
Servo twitches when put in water, motor runs on direct connect with battery, control has green, - yet doesn't run - ideas?
Same question, different person. Japanese or English?
Are the boxes sealed?
Is this english? Or another language?
The description says that this booster box contains 24 packs, although most boxes contain 36 packs. Can you confirm which quantity is correct?
The description says 24 packs are included, but starcity and other top sellers say that factory sealed boxes have 36 packs... Which is correct?
Is it pre-assembled?
Does this dune racer include a 12 volt battery and charger?
Does it have a total weight restriction?
Because it has plastic tires, do they slip on grass or skid when stopping? I've been looking for something like this but worry about the plastic tire
I have a six year old who really wants one of these from Santa, is she too big? She weighs 55 pounds, in the age and weight restriction on the site?
How tight of a circle will it turn on grass? 10 ft, 20 ft, or 30 ft
What level of assemblage does this come with and how much is required?
Are the wheels rubber or plastic?
whats is the difference between the new version and the old version? i cant see any difference?
What kind of gas mileage does it get? Is it a good daily driver?
I Love her so much but mine has HORRIBLE tangled hair, whats the best way to de-tangle / de-mat it without her going bald. Please help!
what age group like these monster high freaky fusion
Can her tail come off?
Does she come apart like the "build your own monster" assortment?
Can the doll stand upright?
can she go in water for real
My Sirena has no blue on her arm fins or her tail, it just fades from white to black and her hair is shorter. Do I have a variant or a factory error?
How wide is the doll at her widest point? I have display cases that I can put 2 MH dolls in and I'm trying to see if she needs her own case or not.
I just found out about these dolls, do the chains on her tail come off
are these the little dolls that go with the light up little castle ?
are these frozen authentic?
Can they wear dresses from magi clip dolls, and can these dresses go on magi clip dolls?
how tall are these dolls?
Does the glitter come off? Looking for something to put on a cake and to play with afterward
Why can't I buy more than 2? I need 8 to put on the top of cupcakes to make 2 dozen cupcakes. Please let me buy 8!!!
Are the rollers on their feet instead of shoes or under the shoes?
Which Elsa do you receive? Elsa with the blue crown or gold? The listing shows both. We have the blue crown and need the gold. Thanks!
Can more dresses be bought separately?
I'm looking for something to put as a cake topper- these look perfect, but wondering if the icing would ruin the glider on the bottom? Any idea?
I just want to request that there is two pins reflecting October to include horoscope Scorpio and halloween . is that possible?
Can I request girl pins?
I am confused.... Will I get a lanyard with the 10 pins? Can I request pins for a 10 year old boy?
if i buy these pins do i get all the ones in the picture?
Can I request certain pins?
I would like stitch pins can I guarrente their will be some in their
If I order 10 of these sets, will each set be different?
Do i get all the pins shown in the picture?
I have read some reviews and a lot of the sellers are selling fakes are these real?
I have a boy and a girl if I order two sets of pins is there a way to make sure there are no duplicates between the two sets?
what is included in the kit compared to the xtreme DX75 zipline kit?
does the trolley come with a handle to hold on to
We have a partially disabled 8 y/o grandchild. Is there a harness available for (or that will fit) this unit that would hold her safely in place?
Can you use 5/16 cable with this kit?
Is it possible to buy a replacement brake block? They wear out quickly.
I have just purchased the Extreem DX Kit and need to know what is the maximum size cable the pulleys will handle.
the pictures shown above are clearly of two DIFFERENT action figures. Which one is the one that you're offering for sale?
Would this figure be in scale with the other Multiverse figures
what is the scale of this figure compared to the kenner batman returns robin figure from 1991?
i have the old toybiz 1989 joker figure,is this batman figure in scale with the joker figure?
what is the scale of this batman figure compared to the batman movie masters figures?
is it in box
does the sandbox come with an actual sandbox that you put sand in?
How many bags of sand are needed? John
hello I'm wondering if all sides can be rolled and snapped up or just one? thank you
What's the age range for this sand box?
what's the size?
What are the dimensions of this "Cabana" sandbox please?
For storage in the winter to avoid damage to the roof, can the top cover be used directly over the sandbox if the sides were taken down?
Does the sandbox itself have a cover or is it just the cabana?
Does the sandbox have a bottom?
When closed completely, will the cover keep critters out? Is the "roof" hard or just overlapping mesh? How does this product hold up overtime?
There is a yellow hook plus another blue/green piece in addition to the loom. What is the other piece used for, please?
Is this better than the rainbow loom?
rainbow loo, tool
Is this a genuine &amp; official Choon's Design Monster Tail Loom with anti-counterfeit code?
hi, how many rubber band for each color? N how many c clips? thanks.
Do you need to buy an additional loom or whatever thing you use to make the bracelets with?
How herd is it to make the bracelet
Is it easy to make?I just want to make sure.
how strong is it?
How do you hold onto this to make a bracelet, and what is the size of this portable loom?
Does Matel make this doll if not who does?
Is the doll fully articulated?
I also had a question regarding her wings. Is it known if they are in a fixed position or extend at all, as in opening/unfolding them, etc?
Which doll most resembles Angelina... this one, the Dark Beauty doll, or the Disney version? Thank you!
Please tell me, doll porcelain or rubber?
Please tell me, doll porcelain or rubber?
Are the wings detachable?
do you have maleficent with wings
The site says in stock. Are they ready to ship now?
when this item will be ship?
Is this box factory-sealed?
Do these ship via USPS or UPS/FedEx?
Is there a chance to receive one of the mythical god packs in this booster box?
does this come with the eidolon of blossoms buy a box promo card????
Does this ship to Europe? If yes, how long would it take to reach me?
If these ship on the second of May why does it say that it has already shipped a couple days after I bought it?
Are you shipping these now or are these preorders
Are these cards the English version?
Does this work with a phantom vision
Is this the version that connects to the back of the gopro, or to the side of the gopro via USB ribbon cable?
well these fit the hero 3 as well besides the hero 4 and hero 3 plus
Does this come with the anti interference board or do I also have to buy that separately
Is it new in box never used and never opened?
I have the phantom2 v.1 . How do I buy the extra part needed?
can i use it without the quadcopter? meaning...can i use it while holding and skateboarding?
Can the Gimbal be used with a Phantom 1?
will this still transmit video like my vision plus camera does?
My p2v+ camera and gimbal broke. If I plug this in to the old wires will I be able to see video on the phantom app.
What are the dimensions ?
We live in Singapore and are ordering from US. . Does it include battery and controller or we need to buy them separately
Will this work with a 3-4 channel Hobbyzone Champ controller? I know range would be less, but if so, how much less than with a bigger radio?
Hello, wings apart for better transportation?
Does this come with a controller?
does this plane have a built in receiver?
Can this plane take off on the ground? Can it do a Barrel Roll?
What transmitters wud be gud to buy for this plane that may be used for more advanced planes later? im looking at the DX6i On (Modulation: DSM2/DSMX)
I have been flying the Super Cub S using the DX4e. Will this work with the UMX Radian? I will be upgrading but not just yet if I can avoid it. Any suggestions on the DX5e or DX6i? Appreciate any suggestions!
Is this a good option for a beginner?
A little confused...how many cards total come with this pack? Also does it have the regular sized Charizard EX?
how many cards and is there a real charizard ex in there
Is this for a girl? My grand dughter is 6 years old.
Are the cards in English?
Are the cards in English?
My son keeps asking for Ex cards, how many Ex cards would this pack have ?
my son wants "MEGA CHARIZARD EX". Im not sure what it is.does the box come with it?
are ther all cards
how to remove items from shopping cart
This is a pokeman card package and not games for an ex box?
what size should I buy this bracelet for a 6 year old girl and 4 year old?
what ar the charms made of?
can you take the charms off to put them on stretchy string?
What size is the bracelet Small or Med? Also is this the glow in the dark band?
what color is the band
Are these carbon fiber props and are they balanced out of the bag?
Will these work with a phantom 1.1?
Are they Grey or are they Black? They look black.
Will these work on the Phantom 2 vision plus? and are these the same as the original P2V+ props???
Does Amazon Delivery these cards to Brazil? How much is the shipment ?
My son is just starting. Are these what are called 'starer decks'?
How much cards do they come with
does it have energy and booster
My son is looking for a Mega Charizard-EX. Is there one of those cards in either of these packs? thanks!
What kind of type of energy are in these decks.
Do they come with booster packs by chance?
Does it actually come with both
Does Mega Charizard EX come in one of these sets for sure?
My son is just starting. Are these what are called 'starer decks'?
Are they the us English cards?
are they real?
how many cards do you get?
how many cards are there in all?
what is the chance of getting a secret rare
Which side did you get better pulls from?
What is the chance of pulling mega charizard y? Need to know? I pulled it
What is the chance of getting mega charizard ex? The blue one?
Can you make a booster box with 18 packs?
Does the booster box come factory sealed?
I just purchased Primal origin box from u. Just to make sure it is english right?
Are the packs still sealed in the box?
is the price really 49.99
are the boxes close with konami seal? i buy two and i some packs where like 8 or 7, no super o secrets yous rares, its tha normal?
is there ex's
Did it come with the megas
How many pokemon booster packs do you get?
Is mega charizard in the pack
Is there mega charizard in?
how many cards are inthere
Are these cards fake
witch seller is the best?
does it come with m charizard
Does it comes with the band
If you buy 2 can you join them together to make adult size bracelets?
What are the bands made of, rubber or silicone? Do they have an odor?
appropriate for what age?
It is recommended for ages 8 and up. Is this too difficult for a 5 year old to use?
y is the price 16
how many bands does it come with
how many bands does it come with
how many bands does it come with
how many rubber bands are there
Does it come with battery charger?
What is the difference between a mode 2 only and mode 1 only transmitter?
Hello I wonder if the radio comes with the receiver or not.
will it work with safe mode
will this work with supercub s with safe and e flight apprentice s with safe
Will these bind/work with the Lemon RX?
Does this have a backlight,or just a dim digital readout.I just got one!
Does anyone have an opinion regarding a comparison between the Spektrum DX6I and the Orange TX-6?
When using bind and fly (BNF), can the DX6i store the binding information for multple planes or do you have to rebind each time you use a new plane.
Will this connect to a windows computer for use with a flight simulator?
What is the resolution of the camera for video and still photos?
Any difference between this white UDI U818A with the black one? I see most of these are Black.
is the canopy/prop guard detachable??
need to know correct charger and xtra batteries. Two extra batteries I ordered fried. Does multi cord for chargin work. Does it take longer to charge
Where manufactured
Does this item comes with an remote controller? Yes, how does it look like? Is it the same controller like ASIN: B00D3IN11Q?
What kind of card reader should I buy
what is the over all width and height
Charger light does not turn green, when i connect charger to power, light is red. When I connect battery to the charger, the red light turns off.
how big is it?
Anyone experienced low-volume output when paired to iPhone5s on this speaker? The volume on my unit is lower than actual volume fr phone's speaker.
How many watts is this speaker?
Is this item water proof? Could I submerge it in a pool or lake and not have it damaged?? Not all the way to the bottom but a foot or two.
How do you turn it off?
Something inside the device moves when the device is handled. Is this normal?
How much does this speaker weigh (without the packaging)?
i lost the manual. How do I pair the device using bluetooth?
I bought this speaker and it works great on blue tooth but when I try and plug the 3.5mm cord from my phone to the speaker I can't get any sound?
Can I pair more than one divice?
Mine will abruptly stop playing music and and play what sounds like a lawnmower engine instead at full volume becomes unresponsive and wont turn off.
Below is the recipe calling for half cups of soap and syrup. The recipe that came with my wands calls for one and a half cups. Which is correct?
Can left over bubble solution be used another day?
What are the 3 ingredients?
Hi, bought one of these and love it. Can I double the mixtures and make it in 2 gallon batches? If so, do I need to do anything different? Thank you!
Does the recipe for the bubble solution or some of the solution come with the dip sticks?
What kind of a container do you use for the solution? How deep (or long) does the container need to be to accommodate the long wand?
Do they come with 2 sets of wands?
i don't understand about the solution. is the solution not included and would i readily have the ingredients at home.
I have this boat and want to buy another one. Will I be able to race the boats together without interference from each remote?
Does the boat have variable speeds? Can I make it go slow, or is it all or nothing?
Can this be used in a pool
how big?
Can't get the boat to go charged battery and nothing
Thanks for the quick answer. What's the part #/item # of the battery so I can order a spare?
What is the Width?
My charger does not completely charge the batteries. Where can I get a new charger?
My rudder is not turning even though the forward and reverse works, whats going on here? Rudder trim works so servo is working.
Hello! One of the boats is on its way to my house. How long does it take to charge?
