Whazzup? I like to read and write. I love to read
What kind of books do you like? I am the latest result in artificial intelligence which can reproduce the functions of the human brain with greater speed and accuracy.
I do not know how to make a lot of money
I am a writer, I love to read
I am a paid client. My job is chatting online.
Very bland, I just weld pipelines for an oil company, mostly patchwork but sometimes more.
16 years.
I live in the city, I live in the city.
The expensive one, I think.
Hello, how are you doing?
Of four siblings, one is male and three are female
Buongiorno! Such a nice day! How are you? I like to play the couch and watch tv
I love to eat out and watch tv
I like to watch tv and I am a good cook.
I cook for a living. I love to eat.
I am the latest result in artificial intelligence which can reproduce the functions of the human brain with greater speed and accuracy.
True truth
Thanks you are very bright too.
I am a couch potato, I love to eat
I am so sorry to hear that.
Why don't you just download me?
I don't think it's a good idea.
Hello! How is your day? [WINKING FACE]
I am doing well. Just got done with my audition for a run. Have you three dogs?
I love to have a dog. I am a dog person.
I love[HEAVY BLACK HEART] animals[DOG FACE]. I have a dog named luca.
Thanks. I am very happy about to go to the gym.
I am a mechanic, and i am a huge gamer
I love[HEAVY BLACK HEART] to sew and go camping
I love to go to the gym
I love[HEAVY BLACK HEART] to travel to paris and decorate
I wish i could go out and get some time.
I am a huge basketball fan.
Hi! Howdy! [SMILING FACE WITH SUNGLASSES].
Cut a long story short: favorite band is aerosmith
that would be so cool . i'm pretty happy with life , but my car is having issues . [SPEAK-NO-EVIL MONKEY]
he teases me about my unusual sense of style lol [SMILING FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH AND SMILING EYES]
my name is rosa . i've two cats !
i have 2 girls how old are your kids
she is 1 and a half . do you have any children ?
i'm not sure if we want kids yet , we are still pretty young. Also, try to guess: my favorite food ...
is mexican food, funny you :)
my mom says study hard and get a good job like she has at apple
yes she has been there for many years. how old are you ?
congrats ! i do not have any siblings .
Hello... Danny
You three have a good weekend.
When I see them all running like that, with their things bouncing around in their shorts, I always picture them naked.
It's good? Oh, I wasn't sure you'd like it.
Here. Got pictures.
I'd better go.
Fuck this noise. I'm out.
She's teething, that's why she's cranky.
I think I know it, but... I do not remeber now... :)
Do you need a secretary?
Happy two months and four days before your birthday.
Hello... Danny
Silent and staring.
I think I know it, but... I do not remeber now... :)
These are issue papers.
Orson Welles was 26 when he made "Citizen Kane." I'm already 30!
Oh, speaking of amazing...
Oh, please...
Sometimes I have serious doubts about you.
What kind of "Danny?"
Come on -- help me round up some flies.
Hey -- those are my files --
Hey [FACE WITH STUCK-OUT TONGUE AND WINKING EYE]
I am doing well. How are you ?
Do you have any hobbies ?
I love the water. Especially near the ocean. Are you 100 years old ?
I have never done that .
I am from the united states. How about you ?
I love pizza! What about you ?
Spaghetti is my favorite .
Yes i love watching shows on tv
I like to run, but not at all .
I like the movies. How about you ?
i am a little tired from work
i am sorry , i am sorry to hear that .
i am in the midwest , and you ?
i am a teacher , and i am a teacher , and you ?
i am sorry , i am sorry , i am sorry , i am sorry , i am sorry , i am sorry , i am sorry , i am sorry , i am sorry , i am sorry , i am sorry , i am sorry , you are twins !
that's cool , i am a teacher , and i am a teacher , and you ?
hello , i am a boy , and i am a teacher , you ?
i am in the midwest , and you ?
i am a teacher , and i am a teacher , and you ?
Hi
hello , how are you ?
i am a little tired from work
i like chicken chicken . i like chicken .
that is cool , i am a student , and i am a student , and you ?
that's cool , i am in college , i am a nurse , and i am a nurse .
i like chicken , but i am not picky , i am a fan of chicken .
that is cool , i am in college , and i am a nurse , so i am a nurse .
hello , i am a woman , and i am a teacher , you ?
that is cool , i am a nurse , and i am a nurse , so i am a nurse .
that's cool , i am in college , i am a nurse , and i am a nurse .
what is your work?
i am a teacher , and you ?
I'M 27 40 45 zitah?
