Hi there! How can I help?
Sure! what type of car is it?
and what seems to be the issue with your 2011 Nissan Rogue?
Okay, your Outside lights are out.
Got it. When would you like to drop off your car?
Next friday, that doesn't seem to be an issue, perfect. Can you drop it off by 8:30am that friday?
great! let me set that up for you.
May I have your full name?
John, McCormick. did i get it right?
wonderful! and what's a good number to call you at?
123-456-78-90.
great! thank you for confirming.
just so you know the inspection has a fee of $89, is that okay with you?
Great! just one more moment.
alright your all set for Friday Next week for your 2011 Nissan Rogue that seems to have electrical issues or Bulbs burnt out. Please drop off your car by 8:30am on the day of the appointment.
Anything else I can help you with?
Great! have a good one.
Thank you!
Goodbye!
hey there, how can i help you today?
i sure can. what would u like to order from bella luna?
sorry, it doesn't look like they have broccoli. did you want something else?
they sure do. did you want regular or sun dried?
the total for 2 large pizzas, 1 with tomatoes, 1 with onions, both with extra cheese comes out to $25.33.
did you want me to place the order now?
ok, i've submitted your order, it'll be ready for pick up in 35 mins.
did you need my assistance with anything else?
great, take care.
hi, how can i help?
sure, would that be all? 4 small bbq chicken pizzas.
with gluten free crust you said.
ok, so that's 4 small bbq chicken pizzas, all with gluten free crust.
is that right?
$40.00 will be your total.
do you want to place the order now?
I've placed your order at Bella Lunas and it should be ready for pick up in 25 minutes.
ok, bye.
Hello, how can I assist you?
ok, what's your full name please?
ok, what is your phone number?
so jim beam, 515 850 2356, correct?
What model is your car?
and What is the reason for your appointment?
so your 2014 accura rdx is stopping at long traffic lights, did i get it right?
when would you like to take your car to the shop?
does 9am work?
there is an $89 inspection fee which will be added to your total. can i continue booking your appointment.
also, make sure that you have their address. it is 435 lincoln drive.
you're all set for tomorrow at 9am.
you're welcome, bye!
Hi there how can I help?
Which movie?
and what city would you like to see it in?
Did you have a preferred theater?
Okay I have three showings for you.
4:15, 6:55 and 10.
How many tickets would you like?
Wonderful. and did you need any other information on the film?
Okay. I have 2 tickets for 6:55 at AMC to see The Mule in Rapid City.
Your reciept will arrive in a moment via text.
Have a great time.
hey there, how can i help you?
anyone there?
sure, where do you want to go to?
ok.
What type of ride would you like? Uber has UberX, Uber XL, Uber Select, Uber Black, and Pool.
you got it.
One moment please while i estimate the cost for you.
For an Uber XL for 4 people it'll cost you $9.45 and take about 7 minutes to get to your destination.
did you want me to book this for you right now?
oh, okay.
no problem.
let me book that for you tonight at 9pm.
you're all set. The status for your driver's arrival will be available on your mobile device.
anything else i can help you with today?
yes, the fare will be the same. $9.45 for tonight.
the trip should take 7 minutes but it can depend upon traffic conditions in that area.
you're very welcome.
Hello, how can I help you?
sure, what city are you being picked up in?
let me find that destination, one moment.
ok, found it! and where was the drop-off location?
is that in el paso, texas?
let me find that address for you, one moment.
found it, calculating the cost now.
and how many passengers will there be?
ok, an UberX will cost $5.95, is it ok to book that for you?
sure, an UberXL will cost $8.45, is that ok?
and would you like immediate pickup?
ok, let me schedule that, one moment.
ok, I have booked an UberXL to pick you up at cinemark tinseltown, going to Cheddar Scratch Kitchen, scheduled for 9pm tonight, can I help you with anything else?
an UberXL will cost $8.45.
one moment, let me look that up for you?
it looks like it will take around 8 minutes?
can I help with anything else?
ok, have a safe trip.
hi, how can i help you?
sure, what size pizzas did you want?
and what did you want on them?
did you want extra cheese for both pizzas?
and what kind of crust did you want?
