generally speaking what type of movies do you watch
thrillers? for example?
Zodiac? oh wow ok, what do you like about that movie
so you feel like you were part of that world ?
if you were in the movie what character do you feel most relatable
what scene do you like the best
ok nice, any other similiar movies you have seen recently?
how about different type of movies like Once Upon a Deadpool
have you heard of that movie
would you be interested to watch it
oh what makes deadpool different than the others?
ok so you enjoy comedy as well, correct?
what type of movie you don't enjoy?
what about mission impossible?
do you care who acts in the movie?
oh ok so you dont have a favorite actor is that right
ok who came to your mind when it comes to actors you like to see in the movie what is your favorite Tom Hanks movie?
what so great about that movie
do you think that movie is exciting?
which scene you find most memorable?
what kind of movies do you generally like?
I see. Why do you like that kind of movie?
That seems really nice. Can you think of a movie you really enjoyed recently?
What did you like about that movie?
I see. That's really helpful.
Now I'd like to know what kinds of movies you dislike if that's okay?
Why else don't you like those?
I see. They're pretty cookie-cutter it sounds like
So based on what you told me, I'm curious, did you see Jurassic World?
What did you think of the original?
That's great. So if you liked the original would you consider seeing Jurassic World given the option to?
What kinds of movies do you like?
Why do you like comedies?
Alright, how about a movie you liked?
Why did you like that movie?
Well, is there a movie you did not like?
Why not?
Ok, then have you seen the movie Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom
What is it about these kinds of movies that you like or dislike?
Hello. What kind of movies do you like?
can you give two reasons why you like horror movies
Can you name a particular movie that you like?
What are the 2 reasons you like Saw?
Can you name a movie that you do not like?
Surely, there must be one movie you can't stand or thought was poorly done
What are the 2 things that you dislike about this movie?
Do you like the movie Aliens?
What about Hunger Games?
How about the Matrix?
How did you feel about it?
What 2 things were kinda cool about it? Do you like the movie Dunkirk?
How about Wonder Woman?
How did you feel about it?
One last question.... what 2 other things do you like about the movie in particular?
anything about the plot that you like?
What kind of movies are you drawn to?
Have you seen Fifty Shade of Grey?
What was a movie that you last watched that surprised you?
What made you like the movie?
Have you seen Dawn of the Planet of the Apes?
Have you seen Avatar?
What didnt you like about that movie?
Have you seen John Wick?
Have you seen Halloween?
What do you like about the Halloween movies?
Thank you for your input, have a great day!
hello. What type of movies do you like?
what do you like about those genres?
okay. so do you like movies like star wars?
what do you like about movies like that?
What type of movies do you not like?
why is that?
what type of humor do you prefer?
Do you like movies like Good Will Hunting?
what do you like about movies similar to good will hunting?
Do you like movies like Star Wars; or Trainwreck or Spotlight
Ok. What is it about this type of movie that you like the most?
Can you say a little more about that please?
Anything about this type of movie that you dislike?
Do you like movies like Star Wars; or........... Trainwreck?
Ok. What is it about this type of movie that you like?
Is there anything about this type of movie that you dislike?
have a you seen Trainwreck? if so did you like it ?
what is it about this type of movie that you like?
anything else?
Ok. Anything about this type of movie that you dislike?
What type of movies do you like?
OK. Great. Why do you like comedies?
Interesting, what is your favorite movie ?
What is it about this type of movie that you like?
Well, have you seen Bridesmaids?
Can you say why you like that type of movie?
What kinds of movies do you like?
What about romantic comedy do you like?
Awesome, Can you name a romantic comedy that you liked?
And, why did you like Bridesmaids?
OK, well how about a movie you did not like?
What about these kinds of movie did you not like?
alright, have you seen To All the Boys I've Loved Before
What is it about this movie did you like?
I'd like to discuss your movie preferences.
