== [WIKI_LINK: WP:COMMONNAME] ==

Chen was known in the poker world as "William" for years before he became commonly known as "Bill".  I changed it back because incidences online including Usenet are roughly equal, nothing at all like Bill Clinton and William Clinton, and in equal cases using the real name seems the best choice.  (the external_link page is especially pschizo... Willam in the page title, Bill in the page text).  However I suppose the book is the trump card, so using the name on the book is probably best. 
==List of slang terms for poker hands==

In the future please don't close Afds when you don't have the courtesy of reading the comments.  All comments favored deletion except two.  Please don't be so careless in the future. 
Somehow, I suspect you may wish to participate in wiki_link discussion.  Cheers, 
== Could you stop reverting my corrections ==

*Shrug* It *is* just a marketing term. I wish you lot would stop editing it otherwise. Billzilla. 
==Regarding edits to [WIKI_LINK: Talk:George W. Bush]==

 Well please stop posting incorrect information. If you were right I'd agree with you, and I am NOT trolling. 
 Bullshit. I am correcting a simple mistake. If I was trolling I'd be doing damage to the page, yet I  am not. What was written is wrong, simple as that. All I have done is disagree with what was written and written as such. If that's trolling then you are guilty as well. And stop unediting MY page dickhead. Billzilla. 
Please stop including disreputable sources for this article.  Wikipedia policy is quite clear on this matter  blogs and other websites which do not employ editorial oversight of authors' work are not permitted as sources here.  Please stop adding blogs. 
The American Prospect article should stay - American Prospect easily meets wiki_link. The Cooperative Research Project link should be nuked and should stay nuked - I see no evidence that it's a reliable source. Factcheck.org is reliable enough that the Vice President of the United States (incorrectly) cited it in his debate as an authoritative source; they have a good reputation, and their very ''purpose'' is to engage in rigorous fact-checking. The commondreams.org reposting of the Joe Wilson article is a verbatim copy; I just checked myself. I'd nuke the Alternet.org posting; quite frankly, unless they're reposting information from AP, Reuters, the NYTimes, or something else, they're even less reliable than Fox News - which takes some doing, I will say. Furthermore, it's an edited transcript; we have no way of knowing what was edited. The source I'm least certain of is the Philip Giraldi interview; I'm not entirely certain of the relevance.  * 
Actually, especially with Alternet, we ''can't'' assume good faith; we need to do exactly the opposite. We need to examine sources critically, according to the guidelines on wiki_link. Were it to be a verbatim copy, perhaps we could accept it as a source (''perhaps'' being absolutely critical), but because it's edited and doesn't contain information on how it's been edited, and because it comes from a notoriously unreliable source, it can't really be trusted. And, again, I question the relevance of the Giraldi interview.  * 
==Iran caught smuggling uranium==

It's too bad it doesn't mention that Iran and Iraq are not the same country. 
Get a grip Ron.  First you confuse Iran and Iraq, then you claim you are right anyway because you think Wilson is a liar.  If you think Wilson is a liar, why don't you call Fitzgerald and let him know?  Leave this crap off of Wikipedia.  The article you linked never mentions Wilson or Iraq. 
Idleguy reverted the edit that moved 8 pass charlie from the aerial warfare to the see also section. His argument was that it is "insignificant". While I disagree that it is insignificant, that's the worst argument ever to be made to revert. It is wiki_link and is wiki_link. Also, it is relevant because this relates to a combatant in the conflict, and linking allows both the articles to develop. It was also placed in the appropriate section following discussion in this talk page, which means the effort was made to reach a compromise. I am just wondering what other way is the best way to link these articles together. 
 There were two consensuses, including that it could be added to ''the seperate see also section'' without crowding the relevant section. To get over that, you deleted the whole see also section. I think you are not trying to meet me halfway here, and moreover assuming ownership over the article. I really can't understand what your objection is. It is a biographical stub, and could be expanded by link from this very relevant page. ''You'' are claiming it is insignificant, I am claiming it is interesting trivia and a notable stub that has the chance to improve. ''Me having created the article'' doesn't have anything to do with it. I'd rather you discussed this with me via out talkpages before we start what is increasingly looking like an edit war. 
 I made a few edits right now.  The War links are not needed in the See Also section in the bottom. They are already there in the info box on the top. I have moved the other two lines to "Further Reading".  The Reason - there seems to be more chapters on further reading / external links / notes and references than there are on the main text of the article.  IMHO even the external lnks section should be merged with the further reading section. Reg the notability of 8 Pass Charlie - its left to debate. Sooner or later you will have small trivia items added and we will have to hive "Aerial Warfare of 65" into a seperate page. The links might be more appropriate there == 
== The "neutrals" who don't have the knowledge ==

I happily agree with Grace Note and I shall back my sources up with fact. I am currently happy with the unbiased point of view of this article. I might have to do more research in the Self-Defence wars of Pakistan, and it may take me a few days. 
== vandalism ==

 You don't seem to know the difference between mph and kph. 25 knots is 46 km/h, as the article read allready. 
== Vandalism?  ==

I'm no "pr-guy for the college". But it is not the style for an encyclopedia to add disparaging links of this type. You find more about external links at the wiki_link. 
Well, thanks for your time ;-). I don't see why you shouldn't just accept being a top-ten editor, though. 
== SocialVibe ==

Well, I am not sure if the article meets wiki_link but I think that a claim of 150,000 users a month is a decent claim of notability and there are a few mentions in RS in Google News so could you undelete this article and then send it to AfD where its notability can be better decided. - ''' ''' 
== [WIKI_LINK: Vandalyze] ==

Don't be absurd. Taking it to your talk page.   | 
== Honors section ==

 Sounds good. 
 Sounds good. 
The quote from Vallicella's blog in the criticism section is out of line. For one thing, it is from something titled: "Is Ayn Rand a Good Philosopher?" Of course we don't want to put that title into the text (as i have tried) because we don't want anyone to get the impression that Ayn Rand was a bad philosopher, because even that would imply she was in fact a philosopher, which is of course heresy. So we avoid in his quote the fact he does call her a philosopher, but leave in the statement "limited understanding"  which of course Bill Vallicella could not really know. She might have had deep understanding, but an inability to articulate herself, for instance. The quote is a punch below the belt  which may be fine for a blog  he's writing a blog after all  but should we be quoting from blog-speak in this article? Not to mention the fact that Vallicella is an American academic, which of course makes anything he has to say on Rand suspect to start with. 
Right. I'll delete it again and we'll see what happens. 
it does not indicate the seriousness with which she is being taken. if it were more serious, bill would not use the phrase "limited understanding". the tone is full of vitriol, not professionalism. 
 The use of the term "vitriol" is arrant nonsense.  However I am open to an equivalent source which deals with her reading on Kant.  We have here a reputably philosopher, addressing (largely with dismissal) a core aspect of her approach.   That is important.  If you have another CoM, happy to consider it. 
== Please do not delete material from article Talk pages ==

My understanding is that it is totally appropriate and even reasonable to userfy or delete offtopic discussions or SOAPbox rants. Thanks. 
== Fictional Multiverses ==

I direct your attention to the two templates that I had placed on this section: wiki_link: Your additions (like the rest of this section) are unsourced, in violation of wiki_link. wiki_link: "An article about a nonfiction topic should only contain fictional references of historic importance so as to not overshadow the main topic." None of your additions (nor any of the other contents of this section) is of even the ''slightest'' "historic importance"  they are mere fan trivia. I am therefore deleting the entire section. If you want to write about fictional parallel universes, you are welcome to do so in the appropriate article: wiki_link. 
Look, I don't know if you get it, but AS I KEEP MENTIONING, I would like to discuss this before you do anything drastic YET AGAIN. And yes, the Official Handbook does indeed count as a source, apparently you didn't check, or care to check, out the source. Also, it is a work in progress, I will eventually fill out the sources more thoroughly, and will continue to restore the section no matter how many times you delete it. So, until you're willing to discuss this before deleting it again, I will see you then. 
== Never seen this before, you might find it interesting ==

Inspectre is nowhere near as aggressive as 'Abuse truth', so is unlikely to warrant similar treatment. To be honest, I don't think he has any real expectation of changing the article, but most probably gains masochistic pleasure from being a martyr for his cause. I wonder if there's a "help, help, I'm being repressed" template (with a pic of wiki_link as his anarcho-syndicalist peasant character from wiki_link). Given that Inspectre is almost certainly Cameron Wybrow, external_link may give some background (Denyse O'Leary, if you haven't encountered her already, is a prolific, if ignorant and much-derided, Canadian professional pro-ID blogger). ERV in turn external_link. 
==Creationism==

Removal of wiki_link is not "vandalism". Please familiarise yourself betrer with wikip[edia policy before you start throwing around accusations. 
You have no wiki_link stating that the research may impinge upon creationism, so the claim is purely wiki_link. 
''wiki_link'' is a rather obvious counterexample to that idiotic claim. 
This campaign by some to speedily close discussion is just wikilawyering and causing disruption.  All we want is a good article about Malia.  I've written in ANI about why she is notable, even those oppose admit she is "marginally notable".  Try to suggest that Mrs. Obama gets her fame from Barack and see how far that bad logic takes you. 
Thank you for your answer.  ANI has decided that BLP/N is the correct forum and that people should not remove it there. As stated in the unprotect column (re-listed), there is every reason to have it and the only reason not to is "WP:IDONTLIKEIT".  It is hypocracy to allow Bo but not Malia.  Malia does more than eat, unlike Bo. 
Please do not use talk pages  for general discussion of the topic. They are for discussion related to improving the article. They are wiki_link. If you have specific questions about certain topics, consider visiting wiki_link and asking them there instead of on article talk pages. See wiki_link for more information. Thank you. 
[MENTION: JamesBWatson Wikipedia:Articles for deletion/Red Pepper (magazine)] 
== [WIKI_LINK: Cambro-Norman] Lord of [WIKI_LINK: Gower (Lordship)|Gower] ==

No objection from me. 
== Non-breaking spaces ==

Because it wasn't an improvement at all? 
The point ''you'' seem to have missed is that nbsps were unnecessary. 
Let's face the facts. You're an incompetent editor determined for whatever reason to add unnecessary clutter to an article that you couldn't have written even in your dreams. Do you understand now? 
Please do not remove sources from articles. Sources don't expire; things like participants in an episode must be sourced. A statement of "confirmed on air" is not a source. Please read wiki_link and wiki_link for additional information.   • 
That's not the way it's done on Wikipedia; wiki_link! If you remove a source, anyone can remove the people from the episodes as being unsourced.   • 
Where's your source? - 
In other words, it's all bullshit you pulled outta your ass, right? - 
Please do not add the book cover images back into the article. If something comes of the Fair Use Review, they may be added back in then. Thanks 
Yeah funny isn't it I keep thinking they're just regular editors with no more authority than you or I. I keep forgetting that they're in fact our social and intellectual superiors, granted godlike powers by the mighty one, and whose farts smell like strawberries, and whose every word is a honeyed drop of profundity, given unto us the unworthy hoi polloi.... colour me unimpressed. 
As stated in my edit summaries. wiki_link does not apply in wiki_link violations. *Possibly BLP-violating, is the same as BLP-violating as far as I can tell - and that is an [WP:3R#Exceptions|Exception]] to 3RR. Please allow a discussion to take place and '''reach a consensus'''. So far all we have had is a sparring match consisting of around 5-6 people which has reached a practical stalemate. I am requesting protection, and a RFC so we can develop consensus. 
*OR is BLP-violating. Please allow the RFC to take place to allow wider community commentary. I will abide by consensus. 
== Commons Upload  OfficialPhoto.jpg ==

I didn't upload it to the commons. It was already there.— 
Because the issue is in the process of being resolved, and wiki_link is a speedy delete tag. Surely you can wait 6 hours or so for the Canadian Parliament should wake up and answer our queries. It is 4:45 am in Ottawa (if it's the same time zone as New York).— 
There are other photographs of the individual on the commons, and I doubt that it's going to take a month for them to respond to you. It is still an ungodly hour to be dealing with all of this, though.— 
Not a problem.— 
Not a problem.— 
Whatever. I've solved one problem, now you guys have to find out who holds the copyright.— 
None of them states free use?  Are you blind?  The Office of the Prime Minister gave an email declaring that ''Yes, it is the freely-licensed official image. Please use that one.'' 
== Sigh ==

Just leave it be. "Definitions of black people" is a much better title. Go discuss it at the talk page if you wish to change it, again. — 
== October 2009 ==

Im not going to contest the block because I know what I did is wrong, but I just want to say you sort of did it in a shady way. First you said you werent going to, and then you just saw us trying to discuss it on your talk page, which now we can't. 
This might sound weird but I kind of want to stay blocked, just so it can stay off my mind and I can watch the Vikings-Packers game in peace tonight 
We've found contradicting sources as to which game, with the Mets or Cubs, prompted Tommy Lasorda to go off in his obscenity laced tirade about Dave Kingman. Do you have nay sources on the subject? :::It would go in the discussion section, right? I brought it up for discussion at wiki_link. I think you might want in on this discussion. :::Did you see the other source on the site, however? It also looks pretty legitimate. Also, the sources I've seen that call it a Mets game call it an 11-0 victory in which he hit three home runs. I've never seen one that calls it a Mets extra innings win before. I'm not comfortable changing it, however, I'm not sure the current game it is credited as being is correct either. 
Please see wiki_link and wiki_link. Athlete states, "People who have competed at the fully professional level of a sport," wiki_link is professional, the players get paid making it a profession. BB Notability states "the article must cite published secondary source material which is reliable, intellectually independent, and independent of the subject," and they do. These are the guidelines I follow, do you have something that states the contrary? 
If it was in fact "consensus" it would be in writing on the notability page. Your problem seems not with me but the guidelines, in the future leave me out of it and don't waste my time. You should bring it up wiki_link if you want some thing done. Good day. :::It's obviously not. If it's consensus then why would it not be on the wiki_link page. I'm not going to listen to what you think notability is, but if the guidelines change I will follow them. ::::I have asked three separate editors and they can't find anything that says "minor leaguers are not notable enough for their own article," like you said. I'm going to believe wiki_link over you unless you prove there is a "consensus." ::::: and  at the same time (he deleted the discussion so here is the external_link) and   who couldn't produce the "consensus" you spoke of. You say "it was agreed to at wiki_link a while ago" but wiki_link is WP:Baseball and it says ''"Minor league players, managers, coaches, executives, and umpires are not assumed to be inherently notable. '''To establish that one of these is notable, the article must cite published secondary source material which is reliable, intellectually independent, and independent of the subject."''''' You're making up a consensus and I'm not buying it. ::::::You could have done that without wasting my time! And when you say "A while ago the user:Gjr rodriguez created a bunch of minor league players" gives me no point of reference. The wiki_link page was updated in April of this year. If there was "consensus" it would have been changed. :::::::Haha, coming from the user that said "So dont be a fucking wise ass" to me and also made edit summaries like external_link, external_link, external_link and countless others. Who's the pot calling the kettle black? ::::::::Yeah, maybe you're right. I'm sorry if I offended you. I just felt, I wasn't going to change you mind and you weren't going to change mine. Also, a point of interest for you may be wiki_link. Good luck with your discussion on wiki_link. 
Hi there, I wonder if I could grab your expertise. I've been working on wiki_link, which you might know started its seventh series yesterday. One of the main characters, Jonny, has been written out but his section in wiki_link refers to events going way back to the beginning. Another user wants to move his section into a new "Former characters" section, and I am resisting, on the basis that there are few characters in the series, he is central to it, and it makes no sense to me to have a separate section considering that this will probably be the last series anyway. I see wiki_link characters get moved into a complete new article, but "Two Pints" is a lot smaller in scope. Having failed to find any guidelines for this, would you mind letting me have your opinion? Thanks. '''''' 
Much obliged to you. '''''' 
Why did you feel the need to undo my changes? Do you want me to GIVE you the acapella of it so you can see for yourself my friend? "this original research is worse than the other original research, it also contains a personal interpretation of the meaning - this needs a source if it to be readded" I will personally pitch down the acapella and add just the sample of the chorus for you just to make you happy. 
Dude you have no fucking idea what you're talking about. Why don't you fucking check the a capella for yourself and see that it says I'M BLUE IF I WOULD BLEED I WOULD DIE? Jesus some people in this world just shouldn't exist. 
You have been blocked for three hours for incivility. We cannot tolerate these types of edits: 
I have unblocked you to allow you to reply to your RFAr. 
I don't know what's gotten into you, but the behavior is unacceptable, so You have been wiki_link from editing for wiki_link of Wikipedia. The block is for a period of 1 week. If you wish to make useful contributions, you are welcome to come back after the block expires. 
Personal attacks.  I think your responses to Rschen7754's messages were thoroughly unacceptable, and in addition, your edits that added "profit" to wiki_link can't be construed as anything but vandalism.  If you have good explanations for your behavior, please go ahead and give them. 
== When was Zainab married? ==

I'm not sure about her marriage to Yusef, although I remember them stating when they were about to go travelling (just before she discovered she was pregnant with Kamil) that they had been married 26 years and this was in August 2009. 
In the divorce papers Masood was reading, it cited that Masood and Zainab married on 28 January 1983. As for her marriage to Yusef I would have said 1977/78 but we can't be sure. 
Shouldn't her name be Zainab Yusef and not Zainab Khan? 
The Khans are clearly not as traditional as the Masoods, or Afia would have been called Afia Yusef. We already know this! And what GS said. Watch the show properly P –– 
== Balance in the article ==

 This article suffers from whitewashing by Spacefarer, DaveApter, Triplejumper, Saladdays, Ratagonia, Gilbertine goldmark, and AlexJackl, among other, all strong LGAT and/or Landmark Education graduates and apologists attempting to create an article devoid of any crtical thought, as their livelihood/reputation likely rides on it. This is known as "looking good" in Landroid-speak, and is identified by their "technology" as a negative defense and something grads should know by now to be avoided. But the corporation takes presidence over all. Good luck guys. Your edits are denied. 
===Office closures===

WP-3O stated inclusion. We've been through this a million times. YOU'RE WRONG. STOP THE VANDALISM. 
This is getting to be pathetic on your end. You're in denial. 
After looking over many of the recently posted comments and explanations, I'm getting the feeling the discussion is getting a bit off track. So let's focus on the actual issues of Gill's contested edit and suggestions and how to resolve then. So let me restate, what the issue are and what they are not. The following points were problematic to some of the other editors: *p1) large editorial changes without consent in highly contested  article (something that ideally should be avoided *p2) deletion of formal Bayes solution in a 3 step experiment *p3) lack of citations and possible wiki_link *p4) style/language which might not be optimal for an encyclopedic article (imho at times it reads a bit like polemic or essay which is ok for journal articles but usually not appropriate for WP, see the use of adjectives for instance) The following things however were not really problematic, since so far there wasn't any serious disagreement: *n1) (mathematical) correctness of the odds approach (nobody suggested it is not correct) *n2) odds approach in the article (nobody really claims that the odds approach cannot be in the article, the issue was with using it as a replacement for formal bayes solution, but that can be discussed in p2) *n3) game theoretic aspects in the article (nobody really claims it cannot be a part of the article) So I suggest to leave n1,n2,n3 alone and focus on p1, p2, p3, p4, which for the most part can easily be fixed. 
