I notice that earier that  moved wiki_link to Bill Chen citing wiki_link , then you reverted this change, Bill Chen doesn't commonly go by William, his book is even penned as Bill Chen. From what I read in WP:COMMONNAME PatrikR seems to be correct, Examples given are names such as: *wiki_link (not wiki_link) *wiki_link (not wiki_link) I think this revert may have been a mistake unless you know otherwise? ▪◦▪ 
I see what you saying I just read his pokerstars profile, It struck me when I saw the change because I remember him being called Bill when I watched the last season of high stakes poker, But you seem to have many more years experience in the Poker/Gambling world then I do(I'm still a bit of a newbie), so I wanted to check with you first. BTW as far as the WPT, I was thinking nine that made up final and 6 for the tv table, I read this article that say the WPT Final table is made up of 10 players, with the final six that make it on TV,  I just want to be sure that they are correct, when I update the players infobox stats, thanks ▪◦▪ 
No more than two editors advocated deletion.  Greatestrowerever and maybe Kymacpherson.  That's not a clear consensus for deletion.  Cheers, 
That simply isn't true.  If you read the comments, you'll find it's actually 2 keep, 4 transwiki, 2 delete (more or less).  The ''comments'' favour no consensus/transwiki.  The "votes" favour delete, but voting is evil, of course... 
I assume your deliberate lying has a point, but get over it.  Stop bizarrely goin on about transwiking.  That has nothing to do with the afd.  There was a plain consensus for deleting the article. Transwikiing is completely unrelated. Please don't be so deliberately obtuse in the future.  wasting other people's time is simply rude. 
If you have problems with my edits to the 4WD page please let me know, do not just revert the edits.  Although the 4WD article is very accurate the introduction is riddled with errors, which I corrected.  I think it is everyone's best interests to make Wiki pages as accurate as possible and the Four Wheel Drive article is not a gleaming example of this. i.e. All-wheel drive is just a marketing term invented to sell primarily on-road 4WD-type cars This is completely inaccurate AWD is no JUST a marketing term. AWD is very different from 4WD and I explained the differences in my edits. There are also blatant contradictions in this introduction as well. So please instead of immediately reverting my edits tell me what your disagreement is.  If you feel that my edit was inaccurate the please let me know why so this can be resolved. Thank You 
Although AWD can be considered a form of 4WD it is not the same drive train type as Part-Time 4WD.  So I would have to say calling it just a marketing term is a narrow minded and inaccurate statement.  Even though they are similar you can't just lob them into the same group.  If, as you say, AWD is just a marketing term then taking a turn in a Audi A6 Quattro would produce wheel hop just as taking a turn in a Ford F-250 4x4 with 4WD engaged, which is not the case.  So apparently there is a difference, which would be the center differential in the Audi A6 allowing each wheel to receive a variable amount of power.  Which is not true of 4WD vehicles because a transfer case ,unless a Full-Time 4WD transfer case, will force all wheels to receive 25% of the engine's power. 
Please stop removing and altering other editors' comments. What appeared to be valid concern is quickly descending into trolling, and if you continue, you may be blocked from editing. Stop it. - 
external_link is trolling, as is removing other people's comments. Look, Wikipedia is built on consensus, and consensus has it that we use American style for American subjects. End of story. Any more complaint about trolling about this topic and I'll report you myself. 
==WP:RS==

Please stop deleting reputable sources from this article.  You have deleted Joe Wilson's NYT article that is a key factor in this whole controversy!  Among others.  Simply because the article is printed on a different site does not mean it is sourced to a "heinous blog" (which the site is not anyway).  If you find a better place that the article exists, put it there.  Or if you have trouble with the link, make a case for deleting the link, but not the whole citation!  You also deleted a notable article in the notable, non-blog, journalistic source wiki_link, a notable article from the well known and respected scholarly project wiki_link, a notable, on-topic view of wiki_link by wiki_link, and a notable interview with wiki_link.  Many of these are cited in the article and thus should be in an accurate list of references!  wiki_link does not mean that quoted sources should not be cited.  It also does not mean that you can only link to the NYT website.  It also does not mean that you delete an entire citation just because you don't think the website on which the citation is found is reliable  you can actually cite stuff here that isn't on the web at all!  Notable interviews (esp ones that are quoted in the article) on notable radio programs should be cited here even if you don't think the website on which the transcription appears is "reliable."  Please stop deleting notable information.  Thanks! 
Agreed ojn Cooperative Research but not the Alternet citation - they are transcribing an interview on a well known radio show with a well known source with expertise on this topic whose comments are cited in numerous mainstream sources.  If you have a better source for the transcript that is fine but you cannot just delete it because it is "edited" - unless you have evidence that they are making stuff up, we must presume good faith on the part of journalists involved.  The interview is also directly cited in the article; you cannot just delete citations when they are quoted sources; the same is true of the Giraldi interview. 
(1) Please substantiate that the source is "notoriously unreliable."  (2) Please indicate where it says we should assume bad faith with sources that are transcripts of interviews (I know the quote in the article is directly from the interview as I listened to the interview myself; I also have looked at the transcript and do not see anything that is different from what I heard; but apparently I should not trust my own ears either?)  Find another source for the interview if you like but you cannot delete it based on your assertion that it is "notoriously" unreliable (this is the first I've heard of this alleged "notoriety," btw).  (3) Care to substantiate your assertion that you "question the relevance" of the Giraldi interview?  I explained its relevance above and you simply repeated your claim.- 
This story about Iran supports the concern that Iraq was trying to get uranium from Africa.  It also confirms the wiki_link saying President Bush comments about Iraq seeking uranium from Africa were "well-founded."  It also points out that wiki_link is either incompetent or liar or both. 
But it certainly blows holes in the argument by Joseph Wilson that no isolated country could get hold of uranium from Africa.  But of course, we knew Wilson was a liar long ago.  He found out Saddam was looking for uranium in 1999 and then wrote his op-ed piece saying there was no evidence Saddam was looking for uranium. 
I agree with Idleguy. 8-Pass charlie is a very insignificant component of the airwar. I am sure as we go along there will be hundreds of small stubs that will be created. They all cannot be linked at the top of the article. You can however link them in the links /   references etc. 3 Squadron also falls in the same bracket. where will we stop? We will end up listing all the IAF and PAF squadrons that ever took part in the war in "See also" or "Main article" etc. Links to such stubs / secondary articles should go in list of links at the bottom of the page. 
The only consensus here, as Jaiiaf has also concurred is that it would lead to a plethora of see also links. As if the see also is a required section in the first place. Few, if any of the FA articles posses see also links. With immediate effect I'm removing the see also section since it adds little and everything is linked properly in the article. You are acting against the consensus here, i.e. it's insignificant. I can appreciate that you've taken the time to create the article, but that doesn't elevate it to the significance to be mentioned in the main war. Like i said, add it to the PAF history page. I find you haven't done that. Thanks. 
 You are somehow missing the larger picture. You yourself state that it is an "interesting trivia". I would agree with the assessment that it is trivial. The see also section is not the hallmark of a good article and thus I think it should go. I am perplexed that you should re-add the entire 'See also' section - whose links to the 47 war, siachen etc. are properly embedded in the article - just so that this one "trivia" stub of yours can be linked. Isn't that a tad too much of over stretching? If you want it to be improved then use the right stub tags and request someone to improve it. Simply linking it in the see also section of a war is hardly the right way to improve articles. There are 101 such trivial/non-trivial stuff from the war, not including the battles etc. Should we start a ballooning list of links to articles of minor importance attached to this article? 
. . 
Firstly I'm not one of the "gang" nor is AreJay or anyone here as Grace seems to put it. Secondly the "neutral" view itself is not really well educated nor do they properly read the threads or history of the pages concerned. The neutral sources and some biased views are already given in the said articles. Yet Grace is asking that this user and his sockpuppets come to the talk page and show his sources. I wonder why a vandal would frequent a talk page? I don't see him coming and if anyone believes he is going to discuss this openly is naive. Secondly the problem isn't only to this article but ALL  articles related to the India pakistan wars. Incase these neutrals don't have time to read or understand here's the lowdown: wiki_link keeps deleting the info on the bengali atrocities wiki_link just read it dammit. wiki_link more vandalism wiki_link copyvio images and copyvio text from biased sources wiki_link blatant copyvio images and jingoistic text wiki_link minor changes to suit his POV. Incase it has not been noticed he has a pattern of simply reverting to his previous version without engaging in discussion like we are doing here. So the fact is while we talk about this and try to resolve he jolly well seems to care less for Wikipedia or its neutral stance and simply reverts to his POV. In those articles too, users like myself and other different users have reverted it to the non-chauvinistic versions time & again.  is asking for this vandal to come to the talk page and discuss the 1971 war which the miscreant refuses to do. Yet nothing is being done about it or his blatant cut and copy of text from the net. If anyone still has any lingering doubts then search by selecting the sentences used to describe his photos on google and u will get an exact match down to the last punctuation error. To avoid such future disputes I suggest that people should have a user account incase they want to break the 3 revert rule. that way it would be easier to block the user. Even now one of his sockpuppets Napoleon12 can be blocked. 
Are you the sockpuppet vandal who keeps reverting back to ur own biased statements which themselves are lifted directly from www.pakdef.info without even changing the copyrights tag? lol. don't u worry cuz u are quite close to getting banned. you should be ashamed if you are cuz u r involved in POV, copyright violation of images and entire articles shamelessly. 
im sorry to have been mistaken but whoever wrote that article made a miscalculation when determining the speed from knots to kph, 1 knot is 1.85 of a mile. therefore 10 knots is 18.5 miles per hour. am i not correct? 
you have all the info from pat miller wrong...now he will scold you message me back 
Why is is vandalism to add references to recent events that anyone can find after a moment's googling? You some PR guy for the college or what? 
Sorry about the shannanigans. I've never thought about another account before and would quite honestly frown upon it. Its just I don't like my edit count rocketing when I am in the middle of doing repetitive edits. Many people judge the WIkipedians by number of edits as final. Maybe I should carry on with mine for all edits and pretty soon it'll be in the top 3. even for those bot type edits that are made by the second . 
So you think it's approriate for an encyclopedia article to come across as if written by a PR department? The article has no content in the slightest bit critical or even informative. The article is a transcription of some administration office's blather and anything possibly interpretable as negative is spun positively. You're a PR schmuck and that's it if you disallow discordant points of view. Removing my link to the riots and animal cruelty at the school simply make the article incomplete in the same way the catalog is. The links are not in the slightest bit disparaging either. They link to verifiable sources that are neutral (news organizations). Maybe in Norway, the truth is disparaging if it's embarrassing (to you). What a moron. Nautilogos 
I was a bit disgruntled you recently deleted my article on SocialVibe, especially just after it had been patrolled.  I am a user of the site who was interested in its message and felt compelled to look further into it (seriously, my sources are the first couple things that popped up after a google search).  I am a bit confused why a well written and documented article (my first) about an up and coming social networking website with well over 25,000 subscribers and almost 150,000 unique visitors each month (http://www.crunchbase.com/company/socialvibe) is any less relevant than say, Sandis Valters whose brilliantly written article reveals that he is a Latvian guard who plays for ASK Riga.  Having seen such articles before, I did not feel the need to "justify" my article; however, I am new at editing/creating wikipedia articles, did I do something incorrectly?  Please respond as I would like to know what I did wrong... 
With regard to the article's lack of notability and a lack of citations, look at wiki_link.  It has only one citation not linking to itself in its entire article (whereas 6 similar sources are used on socialvibe), and it has never logged more than 10,000 unique users/month in its short history (http://www.crunchbase.com/company/bluepulse).  A google search for bluepulse yields 77,000 results, whereas a search for socialvibe gives 146,000.  Bluepulse has big numbers of page views and mobile downloads, but it refuses to tell media outlets how many users acutally use their site.  I like the ideas behind bluepulse's product, but until it is more widely used, it is not yet nearly as notable as socialvibe, nor does their wiki article use nearly as many citations.  And, browsing very quickly through other social networking sites, I am sure that this is not the only one.  Can I put the article back up and go through a standard process for articles for deletion that are not actually spam? 
I want this topic to be UNprotected, so I suggest you do so. Do you wanna go to war with me? 
Are you a moron? Did you even bother to read this? I'm going to escalate this. I suggest you learn about me before declaring war. . . . 
This section is a mere three lines long. Would anyone object to integrating it into the biographical sections of the article? 
Yeah, I moved it to its own section because it was part of the "Early Life" section (!). Feel free to integrate it elsewhere. 
== Bill Vallicella's blog quote ==

This is not an encyclopedia article type of criticism and it comes from an invalid source - a blog.  There is valid criticism of Rand in academic journals for those editors that want to hunt it down.  If it were acceptible to use blog's anyone could prove anything, at anytime.  Shall we provide sources that the earth is flat, or that aliens have abducted humans for sex experiments?  This is a slap in the face to the concept of valid sources, just as the deleting of the very solidly sourced "philosopher" is a slap in the face of WP. 
 Blogs have to be used with caution, but in this case (i) the source is reliable and (ii) it indicates the seriousness with which she is taken.  See comments on journals elsewhere. 
There are plenty of legitimate sources that criticize her. Let's stick to those. 
I don't mind his "dismissal". Rand rarely appears to seem to know what she is talking about (much like me). But the word "understanding" is  as i have said several times  is not an objective term. this is one scholar making an inference. if someone came up with one scholar that says she is a philosopher it would be dismissed as a matter of weight. i think her "lack of understanding" should be dismissed as a matter of weight unless you can come up with many scholars that say the exact same thing. particularly since it is an inference. - oh that's right, you don't take me seriously anyway. so just fuck off and ignore this post. 
With external_link, you deleted (rather than archived) a discussion from the wiki_link Talk page, which external_link WP:Talk.  Please don't do that anymore. (In fact, since among the comments you deleted were some that were only a few hours old, it would not have been appropriate even to archive them.) 
Please read wiki_link  wiki_link is '''''NOT''''' the place for wiki_linkboxing against SCOTUS's interpretation of the Establishment Clause. 
I notice that you and I have been going back and forth on the Fictional Multiverses section of the Multiverse page. I'm wondering exactly what your problem is with what I am writing. All I am doing is trying to make sure that Marvel Comics gets some mention (preferably equal coverage) on the topic of comic book multiverses. I even took out unnecessary information and replaced it with a link to another page about it the specific topics. Could you please talk to me about WHY you keep deleting any mention of Marvel comics? If you have a problem with WHAT I wrote, surely you can come up with something better (or some improvement on my writing) that talks about how Marvel uses the concept of the Multiverse. 
I'm just trying to be fair here, you're suggesting that I not add to an article without citing, etc.   Well, how about you not DELETE AN ENTIRE SECTION without first discussing it. You've done that twice now. All I want you to do is (a) NOT DELETE THE ENTIRE SECTION, fictional multiverses do need some mention, and there is nothing wrong with the way there were mentioned before you deleted it, hence, I undid what you did and (b) talk this through, perhaps come up with some compromise about what to do. As I mentioned before Wikipedia prefers that information be presented poorly rather than not at all. So perhaps we can find a better way to CONTINUE presenting the information in a better way, because this back and forth between you and I is getting really ridiculous. And I don't want some bull about you sending me to WIKIPEDIA GUIDES, I've read them and know what they say. I read them way before you pointed them out and way before I edited the section. I still think the information contained within the section is pertinent to the situation, what problem do you have with the article discussing at the end a few paragraphs on multiverses in fiction, explicitly stating not only at the section header but also within the section itself that it's fiction. Everything I said was true, I even took out the things I said that would have needed references, basically all that is stated within these paragraphs is that the concept of the multiverse is used and, in some cases, how. Why do you insist on making this a big deal? Do you have some sort of personal vendetta against me for undoing your revisions? Keep in mind that WIKIPEDIA isn't yours, it's everybody's and you don't get to make all the big decisions, if you want to make a change this drastic you should discuss it with some other users first, rather than just doing it. And considering I seem to be the only user who cares enough to do something about it, don't you think you should discuss this rationally before doing something like this. 
All this because I won't let you insert your Marvel fancruft trivia into a serious science article. You are being ''utterly'' ridiculous. 
I've never seen wiki_link kind of reaction to an editor (but I don't spend much time on AN/I).  Inspectre could do with some similar attention perhaps. 
Please stop deleting appropriate external links to Wikipedia, as you did to Creation-evolution controversy. It is considered spamming and Wikipedia is not a vehicle for the promotion of your religion. If you continue spamming, you will be blocked from editing Wikipedia. 
You have vandalized a perfectly valid and referenced, and not irrelevant, addition to these pages. Please try not to do this again. 
There was no OR there! 
There are no reliable sources for creationism, so it figures there would be an article on it! LoL 
==Malia==

Haha.  Is it time to delete Laura Bush now too?  I think its appropriate for a separate Malia Obama article, and it will inevitably be its own article sooner or later.  I'll chime in on the ANI; I was told before that Deletion Review is where this would need to go.  If it goes to DRV now, its quite possible that the editors who are in favor of the redirect will skew the view of consensus (not because of any bad motive, mind you, but just from being more invested at this point contributing and defending their views).  When Wikipedia has a gap like this, typically the article keeps getting recreated by less-frequent contributors who can't believe there isn't one, and eventually it sticks.  So over time, the system sorta works. 
== November 2009 ==

You don't have many friends do you? I am trying to be friendly. 
This isn't Myspace or Match.com, and isn't going to become anything like it due to the many idiots like you on the site. 
Any objection to changing “Captured in 1290 by the son of wiki_link, the wiki_link Lord of wiki_link ...” to “Captured in 1290 by the son of wiki_link, the wiki_link Lord of wiki_link ...”. He was, after all, the grandson of wiki_link. 
Thanks, . 
I replaced some of these which had been removed from this article and added a couple more. These prevented things like " John XXII" and "2 November" breaking at their spaces at the end of lines. I understand these uses are recommended on wiki_link. Another editor disagreed and kept reverting my edits. I can understand people not thinking this is absolutely necessary and may not wish to spend time on it when editing but why remove what is only a (small) improvement? With the use of smaller screens now on tablets and smartphones there is far more likelihood of lines breaking at confusing places so more NBSPs in these appropriate places are becoming even more useful. I welcome discussion and await some form of consensus. 
The point you seem to have missed, Eric, is that I was replacing the NBSPs that were in the article when it was FA reviewed, but Ohconfucius arbitrarily removed on 1 Sep.  I did add acouple of extras to help for the reasons above. What is your problem with that? 
Have you read wiki_link ? Just because something is not ''necessary'' does not mean it is not ''useful'' or ''helpful''. What's your problem? 
== SNL (season 36) ==

Not if the episode already aired. Then references are no longer necessary. It's been that way for years on these SNL season pages. - 
The previous SNL seasons have no references.  So do you want us to find archival evidence that THOSE hosts and musical guests appeared on the show? Of course not. It's a pain to do so. - ::::::P.S. Also, the cameos and musical performances are also unsourced. Ergo, everyone agrees that this is correct information. - 
I'm just looking for it. 
==Images in [WIKI_LINK: Intelligent design]==

Because an admin told you so CO. 
== BLP and 3R ==

Your hystrionics aside, there was no blp violation. So you clearly broke 3rr. You're just lucky the page was protected. 
There is no BLP violation, how many times does that have to be explained to you before it penetrates your thick fucking skull. 
When you uploaded to commons, what license did you select? 
Ok, I see that, why did you revert my copyright violation tag?  I think now that we have the two pages copyright Herman Chung, the image needs to be removed or a release needs to be obtained from Herman Chung.  At a minimum I think the House of Commons staff need to make a proper release to the email address of the foundation.  We've come this far in this argument, I think we should complete it properly.  Thoughts? 
I did write them a letter last week on Dec 14/06, if my past experience is any indication it will most likely take a month for an answer.  Doesn't anyone have another photograph? 
Thanks for performing that edit in the article and getting involved. : 
*Thanks for finding an alternate image for the wiki_link article.  It's a great relief as it removes one more point of conflict on this issue. 
Ryulong, I've already found that the Office of the Prime Minister did indeed have permission to distribute this freely.  Please see the talks page of the image. 
IMO, the image isn't worth the dispute.  I only have concern about it because I figure it's better to get the right image now then to use an improper image and have it removed later after the subject is deceased or out of the public eye.  I don't know why they're so vehement about being right or wrong, it's just a photo.  I will continue the discussion on commons, but I suspect it will be deleted as there seems to be 3 independent copyright claims and none of them state free use. 
Take this discussion OFF OF MY TALK PAGE.— 
Ok now I gotta explain it to you as well. I originally created "Who is Black" and someone else changed it to "definitions of black people" without an explanation. Still there is no explanation to this day. For some reason you and others seem to adhere to using "Definitions of Black People" and ignore the obvious unfairness of doing so. I've covered all the bases, I've explained my position, I've sought arbitration, and I've not received a proper response from anyone. At this point it is wrong and totally out of Wikipedian rules to continue to change the original title. 
Thats what it was in its ORIGINAL STATE! Why are you supporting a change that was not done with dialogue first. Dammit block me. I am so tired of you fake anti-black racists trying to pidgeon hole black people into something you can control. You are so out of line it's rediculous. Definitions is so much more condescending towards black people than asking. You wont change "who is a jew" to "definitions of a jew"? Why? because defining blacks is so much  more comfortable to your racist mind than defining jews, or japanese, or chinese.  Zaphnathpaaneah 
You have been '''wiki_link''' from editing for  to prevent further wiki_link caused by your engagement in an wiki_link. During a dispute, you should first try to wiki_link and seek wiki_link. If that proves unsuccessful you are encouraged to seek wiki_link, and in some cases it may be appropriate to request wiki_link. If you believe this block is unjustified, you may wiki_link by adding the text {{unblock|''your reason here''}} below.  at wiki_link, per a complaint at wiki_link. 
You can be unblocked, even now, if you will promise to stop edit warring on baseball articles. In the discussion so far, neither one of you has expressed the slightest willingness to compromise. 
Were we unblocked for the Twins/Tigers game? Wouldn't know... 
== Minor leaguers ==

(wiki_link) Past consensus says that minor leaguers are not notable enough for their own article and should be merged into the respect minor league page. (i.e. wiki_link)|wiki_link) 
== Lucky You! ==

Hi, my opinion is that he doesn't need to be moved to a new section, as he's still a main character, even if he's not in episodes being aired at the moment. So keep him where he is. │ 
== I'm Blue song ==

That whole section is based on wiki_link, but your additions especially so. Original research is not allowed, and uploading it yourself is still original research, so should not be done. Find a website that mentions it (not one you created), and you can add it to the article. | 
== Blocked ==

On the contrary, the edits you should not tolerate are the other side preaching their incorrect disambiguation.   -  - wiki_link) 
== March 19 ==

Uh... blocked for what?   - ) 
What you call vandalism I call having fun. What you call a personal attack I call a wiki_link.   - ) 
How can anyone be so sure they were married from 1977 until 1983 or whatever it was? Just because she was 15, doesn't mean she married in the year she turned 15, it could have been the year she turned 16. Are we even sure she was born in 1962? How do we know she married Masood in 1983? –– 
Have they ever celebrated a wedding anniversary? I bet someone remembers. –– 
== Zainab's new name ==

Does the credits at the end of the episode say ''Zainab Yusef''? No they say ''Zainab Khan'' and Yusef called her ''Mrs. Khan'' during the episode. So no, her name is ''Zainab Khan''.  – 
 OK. Frst of all,the two of you don't have to be so fucking rude about it because right now, you came off as asswipes. And second, I wasn't watching back then. So watch your tone. Jerks. 
This article suffers relentlessly from individuals with strong personal viewpoints attempting to drag in material to skew it towards their own point of view (and also suppressing material which does not do so). Wikipedia is not a soapbox, nor is it a forum for expression of opinion.  The NPOV policy lays down that facts about opinion are acceptable, but only where authoritative individuals or clearly defined populations holding those opinions can be identified, and even then, they should only be represented giving due weight to the size of those populations. Much of what is in the article currently is clearly opinion rather than fact. For example: 
Please remain wiki_link and refrain from wiki_link. 
This item seems to me to be a minor issue which might merit mention in a 500 page book on the subject, is of no significance  to justify its inclusion in an article this size. Organisations of this scale do open and close branch offices from time to time - so what? The operations in France and Sweden were both minute and no doubt marginally viable. Both suffered defamatory attacks from sensationalistic journalists. 
The references are still bad refs. They are opinion at best. The section should not be in article. 
==Gill's changes/arguments and focus on what matters==

Splendid! ::Clarification of motives: I am a professional mathematician and I do a lot of work on statistics in law, medicine, and so on; I talk to journalists... I am always trying to learn how to communicate probability to ordinary people. Here I try to communicate to you, wikipedia editors, what I think are valuable probability insights. This does not mean that I consider myself *above* the other wikipedia editors, quite the contrary, I consider myself *below* since you are peers of one another but I am an elephant in a porcelain shop. I try different ways to get some subtle ideas across. Some ways turn out to work, some don't. Some ideas turn out to be duds, some grow through the interaction with they guys here.  I learn from my experience. And I get new ideas. When people don't understand my way of thinking that is at first puzzling but later one can understand why. Someone is missing something, usually *both* parties are missing something *different*. In the long run this should result in a synthesis. Science proceeds by conflict. Keep up the fight! 
