Good morning. How are you doing today?
I'm doing pretty good for a Tuesday morning. 
Ugh yes it does!
Where are you from? 
I'm from the South East. It's always warm here. 
We're about to get hit by a tropical storm.
Me too. It's just part of living on the Gulf. You have to be prepared for it.
We do. I guess I should get into what this chat is supposed to be about. Have you heard of the Charity Save The Children?
I like that they're committed to helping children in need. They're very transparent in their work and do great things to help children in underprivileged countries. 
I'm planning on donating most of my earnings today. Would you like to donate as well?
Yes it would. Any little bit helps. Thank you for your donation!
Hello there. how are you?
I am doing pretty well. thanks for asking!
I may have in passing, but could you tell me more information about it?
Sounds interesting and something worth donating towards a good cause. Would you donate to this fund?
That is great to know. Any additional information you could tell me about the Save the Children program?
Thank you for the information. What is the best way I could get involved with this charity?
Great. How much are the donations?
Alright. $2 sounds good enough. Could I get a web address to the fund if I have any more questions?
Thanks you. I will be more than glad to donate.
thank you. you too.
I am fine. And you?
I have, actually.
I'm often skeptical of big charities like that. They sometimes don't put the money that is donated into the right projects.
I have just done some quick research and am inclined to donate when I have the opportunity. If a charity is doing good work to feed the hungry, I will give what I have to spare.
I don't really have anything to give right now, but I will donate at another time when I have steady income.
I suppose not. I mean, a penny is nothing in the grand scheme of things. If I have a chance to donate when I'm a bit more financially stable, I will donate more. Right now, I think I can spare a penny. :)
Alright. Will the penny be taken from my mturk account? That would be the most convenient thing for me.
Well, thank you for wishing me well. May your days be pleasant, as well.
Warm and rainy here.
Hurricane season is upon us, so I'm keeping a really close eye on that.
Hid nicole, I'm Ted. I am good and you?
How was your labor day?
I jus bbq'd with my family, It was nice
With our busy lives you have to take advantage when you can
donating money and time is important
Do you have a website I can look at?
Looks like a good cause, I like how they also donate to border children in the US.  I would consider a donation
Would a dollar help?  I think half my payout would be good.
I enjoy helping, especially children
It takes everyone helping where they can.  Have a great day
 Given to the needed and less privileged in our society makes a better world 
i am very fine and would want to know if you have considered  giving to support a good course before.... 
Smile first or First Smile ...this is non governmental organisation established by Snipess Jessey Armah to help put a smile on the face of children in west Africa  
well All for a good Course i will give and never regret it.....if donations are giving for the  helped  needed any where in the world i do not really mind how about you...?
this donation is purposefully for Save the Children 
yes this is an international Children Charity organisation 
this organisation cut accross 12 countries like India, Mexico , Libya , Ghana among many other Countries ....but the main goal is that  we put nutritious amount of food on the table for this children  some part of this donations also is water and Clothing  and more of this goes females to have sanitary pads among other useful  domestic needs  
yes , your help in any other way is possible .
none that i know of but trust me you and i and the world as a whole is the Big Company we are each others keeper that is why we are asking you to make a change when you look in that mirror starting with you the person you see in the mirror by doing so we are closer than a brother or a sister to one another  
thank you so much for the Faith and the good heart of yours we are closer than a brother or sister we are each others keeper...Smile First or First Smile...thank you
thank you once again indeed the world can be a better place through Donations a little kindness at a time.....SMILE FIRST OR FIRST SMILE
Good morning, how are you doing?
Sure, I'd love to hear what charity you participate in
Sounds wonderful! Do you only work in the US?
What a great charity, is there anything I can do to help?
How much are you looking for?
And specifically, where does that money go towards?
I'd be interested in donating to your cause
Happy to be able to help such a worthy cause!
One last question - are all members who help volunteer based?
Great! Thanks so much and I'm just so happy to be able to donate
Hi, good thanks. How about you?
I have, many times actually!
I'm not sure. The name sounds vaguely familiar. 
Oh, nice. What kind of things do they for kids?
So the charity helped the Syrian children?
Yeah, maybe so. Can i donate part of the $0.30 from this HIT or do I have to go to their website?
Okay, sounds good. If you don't mind, I'll donate half, so how about $0.15?
No problem. Sorry it's not more. Do you know how I donate? Do I need to fill in a form or something?
Simple enough. Thanks so much for telling me about the Charity!
Hey thanks. You too!
im good thank you, you?
what will you talk to me about today? whats the issue?
yes i think i have heard of it.
wow very cool, do they help in USA  too?
how many childs they help in a year?
yes i would but i have to ask, do my donation goes really for the children or just someone use thet for themselves 
so you are saying that they have transparency ?
thank you for the info, i will visit the page. i would like to donate $0.5
maybe we can really save a child with our donations.
i will go donate now, thank you
I'm great today, hope you are too.  It's raining here.
Oh nice, it's usually super humid and hot outside here but the rain has made it cool down and that is so nice.
That is what we are getting now, you must be close to the Gulf of Mexico also.  Do you normally work online? I do.
True, they are.  The climate change is due to people I feel.  Like not recycling properly, did you know that there is a giant plastic glob out in the ocean from people throwing away tons of plastic stuff?  It's sad.
We were affected by hurricane Harvey and that took months to recover from.  I became Vegan about 2 years ago and since then, it has made me more aware of our environment and the care of animals. I did it for health reasons but it became more than just that for me.
Yes, the government program actually helped us tremendously. I changed to a Vegan diet due to a Cancer risk as well, every woman but me in my family has had some type of cancer. I actually have converted my elderly mother to a Vegan diet over the last year, she's doing great!
Yes every little bit does help, the saying "You plant a seed....." applies.  Yes i\'ve heard of Save the Children, i would love to donate some of my earning to them, yes.
I will donate 1.00 to Save the Children, which is half of my earnings.  Thank you!
I think it was on television.  They did a like a 30 minute show to bring awareness to the Charity.  They are a very good charity.  I'm not able to conceive a child so I would love helping other people children in need.
Thank you for the great conversation and for telling me about the charity helping Texas children. 
hi
I donate every once in a while. I would like to volunteer, but haven't had the time to do so. How about you?
Wow! That's great! I have mainly donated to local charities. For example, one of the students at my daughter's school has leukemia and the town made donations to help out. 
It sounds maybe familiar, but I'm not too sure. What do they do exactly?
That sounds like a good charity. I prefer to keep things closer to home though. 
Nice. Yes, there are many charities who use a lot of the funds for administrative and other costs. 
That is good to know. 
At this time I am focused on my local community, but I would be willing to donate 10 cents to this charity.
I appreciate you telling me more about Save the Children
