Hi. I am doing good. How about you?
Haha. Same here, but it really feels like a Monday.
I can not believe how warm it is already.
I am from the Midwest. What about you?
Oh, yep. You are definitely in for warm weather, which is great as far as I am concerned.
I heard that some bad weather was going to be coming. I hope it is not too severe.
Yes, I am sure you get a lot of storms.
I have heard about them. What do you like about them?
Yes, I also like what they do. They are a great organization.
I would like to dotate $0.20. Would that help?
Good Evening
I am doing well! How are doing today?
I'd like to tell you about a great program I am working on!  Have you ever heard of Save the Children?
Save the Children is a non-governmental organization that operations world wide raising funds through partners and donations to fight for children's rights and provide relief and support for children in developing countires. 
I would and I have!  9 out of every 10 dollars goes directly to a child in need. 
Absolutely!  There are a variety of ways to be a part of the program outside of donations.  They have a program to sponsor a child in need, you can throw a fundraising event or participate in events such as triatholons to raise funds, or help advocate for children.  
You are more than welcome to donate today and your donation will be sent to Save the Children to go towards programs that help the children directly.  
You can donate up to two dollars of your payment, but more is always appreciated! 
Thank you so much for you generous donation!  To answer any more questions the link is  URL 
You're welcome and thank you!  Have a great rest of your evening!
Hi, how are you today?
Not too bad :) Have you heard of Save The Children?
They do greeat work at least I think what about you?
I know normally I am too but I was convinced to research them once by a very giving friend and I found that they do a lot of awesome work and a big majority if not all donations go back into the charity and lining someones pocket
hehe, I meant rather then lining someones pocket....So do I have your commitment to donating some today at the end of the HIT?
They give you an option at the end of the HIT to donate even 0.01 would be very helpful....a penny couldn't hurt could it?
Good, and I'll match and times it by five and now we'll have donated 0.06
yes, it'l be taken from your bonus and you won't even notice it missing to be honest.... good karma.... maybe you'll be lucky today ;)
how's the weather?
it's warm but not rainy that I know of
Hi, my name is Nicole how are you today?
Wonderful Ted, I m pretty good myself
You know it was pretty laid back....my family chose a seafood theme for dinnera this year... how did your day go?
Awesome...just spending time together is a wonderful opportunity not enough people take advantage of anymore.
You are absolutely right... with the holidays eason approaching I always try to locate an organization for my family to actively help raise money or conduct fundraisers for diffetent supplies and such they will need throughout the year
We just finished a donation drive to provide supplies for teachers... and decided to stick with helping organizations and persons assisting kids... one of which is Save the Children
Absolutely  URL ....it's non-goverment organization that promote's the rights of children for aide with health, education, their overall wellbeing and safety
Absolutely.... I love their purpose and Im looking forward to gelpibg as much as possible ... a donation would be wonserful
Absolutely....that would be greatly appreciates...every dollar counts towards success
Awww, thank you so mich... more amazingly selfless people are needed in the world
Your right....if we all do alittle it makea a major impact.... you have a wonderful day and continue being great....thanks again
Hello, how are you. yes that's right
I donated through HITs. what is this organization about?
I thought thin HIT belongs to Save the Children. It is smile first for first smile now?
I know but I want to know where my donation to this HIT goes and I wanna know about the organization
okay so please tell me more about "Save the Children" is it an international charity?
in how many countries do they work, what are the main issues they work on?
That is interesting. Is it possible to join them in person? and help them?
is there any big company cooperating with them?
I will donate anyway, it's okay. IKEA and Disney cooperate with them and I know a little help can make a difference
thanks, sure I will donate 
Good morning.
I'm great, thank you for asking! Do you have some time today to talk about an amazing charity I am part of?
It's called Save the Children and we work towards helping disadvantaged children around the world have adequate food, shelter and healthcare.
Great question. No, we work all around the world, wherever our help is needed.
Absolutely, we are always looking for individuals who are willing to contribute to the cause.
A donation of just $1 can help feed a child for 5 days.
The money goes towards providing meals and clean water.
That's great! Thank you very much for your donation!
The research team will collect all donations and send it to Save the Children.
We do maintain support staff in country who are paid a living wage, but the rest of our staff are volunteers.
Hello how are you today?
Good thank you for asking, have you ever donated to charity?
Great, have you heard of the Save the Children Charity?
Okay, let me inform you. Save the Children is a foundation that helps children all across the world. There are many children that are in major need of help. 
Helps feed, clothe and provides shelter for children who are in need. Millions of Syrian children have grown up facing the daily threat of violence. In the first two months of 2018 alone, 1,000 children were reportedly killed or injured in intensifying violence. 
Oh yes and others all over the globe. Would you donate to this charity today?
You can donate the $0.30 form this hit every penny helps. 
Okay that is great. We appreciate your donation. Knowing that you are willing to help says a lot. 
Like I stated before every penny helps thank you. The donation will be deducted from your pay for this hit. No forms, no sign ups.
Your welcome have a nice day.
Hey! How are you doing this evening?
I'm doing pretty good.
Have you ever heard of the charity Save the Children?
They're a great non-governmental organization that promotes children's rights, and support in developing countries.
They help all over the world, wherever there is a need.
They helps thousands of children each year. They're funded by public donations. Would you like to donate some or all of your earnings today?
It goes to the children, the research team collects all donations and sends it to Save the Children.
Absolutely. You can check out  URL for yourself to learn about some of their efforts.
That's great! Every bit helps, I will match your donation myself.
I think we can. Any bit helps.
Hi, how are you?
Oh cool, I like rain. I'm good. It's really sunny here. 
It's like that here too in the summer. We should be getting a lot of rain soon because of a tropical storm coming up
I have a part-time job in the real world but I do some online stuff on the side. I'm actually in the northeast part of the country, but when there's a big storm down south we get some of the effects of it. But I hope it doesn't get too bad where you are, it seems like storms get worse and worse every year.
Wow I didn't know that, that's pretty gross. Yeah climate change is pretty crazy. And people don't even realize the impact it has on human beings, like the weather and pollution is really affecting agriculture and making it harder to grow crops. And there's all the damage from storms of course, people still struggling months and months after hurricanes.
Oh cool I'm vegan too actually. It was the same for me, I made the switch to reduce cancer risk since there's a lot of that in my family, but eventually it became an environmental/animal rights thing. I've been vegan for about 6 years and was vegetarian for about 5 before that. I'm so sorry to hear hurricane Harvey affected you. Were there any government programs or non-profits that helped you to recover?
Wow that's really great to hear! My parents won't go vegan or vegetarian themselves but have definitely started making healthier choices since I went vegan. I guess every little effort helps, right? And that's really good to know you got help when you needed it. There's a charity called Save the Children that's still helping kids in Texas fully recover from Harvey. You can actually donate a small amount from your task payment today to support them. Would you be interested in helping them out?
Awesome, how much would you like to donate? You can pick any amount and it will be deducted from your task payment.
That's really great, thank you! Can I ask how you first heard about Save the Children?
Wow yeah, that's a really great way to pay it forward if you aren't able to have kids yourself. Well thank you again for your donation, I'm glad this charity has your support.
Hello there
By any chance, do you donate to charities or do some volunteer work for charities?
I have done some volunteer work for Red Cross in the past and donate on a regular basis to health-related charities.
That is inspiring. Have you ever heard of a charity called Save the Children?
It is is an international non-governmental organization that promotes children's rights, provides relief and helps support children in developing countries.
They help children all over the world and run a very efficient operations with nearly 90 percent of all donations going directly to help the children which is much better than many other charities.
Save the Children isn't like that.  They are really committed to their mission of helping children. 
Would you be willing to donate to Save the Children?  If so, how much would you like to donate to the charity now?  Your donation will be directly deducted from your task payment.  You can choose any amount from $0 to all your payment ($2). 
That's great because every donation helps.  Thanks very much. 
You are welcome.  It is a great cause for sure. 
