I like thrillers a lot.
Zodiac's one of my favorite movies. Zodiac the movie about a serial killer from the '60s or '70s, around there.
And I just think serial killers, in general, are interesting, so the movie was really good. And it was just neat to see that world. Like it went really in-depth. It was like almost 3 hours long, so you got to really feel like you were a part of that world and time period. And see what the detectives and the police did and the investigators.
Yeah. It was really an immersive movie.
Probably the main character, Robert Graysmith, just cuz he's awkward and bumbly. So, I guess that's the one I would be the closest to.
Probably the most memorable one is the murder at the lake. Just cuz it's really vivid and horrific to watch. But it's very memorable.
Not that I can think of.
I haven't seen that.
I've heard of it, but I haven't seen it.
Not particularly. I don't really like comic book movies that much. But I really wanted to see Deadpool, so I'd probably be more willing to watch that than most comic book movies.
I don't know. It just seems a unique concept and different, not just the standard superhero movie. And it's more of a comedy, so that's unique.
Yep, I think most people do.
I'm not a big action movie fan like Die Hard or like Rambo movies. I don't hate them, I just think they're boring. Like I can't watch a lot of them, or else I get sick of them.
Never seen it. I know what it is, but I haven't seen it.
Just in general? I'm not I'm not picky about actors. Like I won't see a movie just cuz I don't like the actor in it.
I mean I like certain actors more than others, but I wouldn't say I have a favorite actor.
Catch Me If You Can
It's just an interesting story and it's based on a true story and it's got Leonardo Dicaprio in it, another good actor.
Yep.
Yeah, I mostly like comedy movies.
Well I like that kind of movie because you know, it'll make me laugh, and I often watch movies with my girlfriend, and I want to make sure whatever we watch, it's something we can both enjoy and and relax while watching.
Yeah, I really enjoyed The Longest Yard with Adam Sandler.
I liked the acting. It's a lot of humor and gags in the movie. It had a good pace, good pacing. The story made sense. Yeah, very funny movie.
Oh great.
Yeah, sure. Good question. Not really a fan of Hallmark movies, that kind of romantic comedy. Mostly because they typically have pretty bad acting. Yeah, not for me.
Well, I guess another reason would be that the stories are all typically same or very similar. There's no It's just it's just very boiler plate. There's nothing There's not much new about each new Hallmark movie.
That's exactly right.
I have not seen Jurassic World, no. But I saw the original Jurassic Park
I liked the original a lot. Very creative movie. Very ahead of it's time with the computer generated imagery CGI. Yeah, it is it still holds up. It's still is a great movie even compared to anything that that's coming out today.
I really like comedy movies.
I love to laugh and comedy movies, that's their whole purpose. Make you laugh.
I liked Step Brothers.
Had some amazing one-liners that still get used today even though the movie was made awhile ago.
I don't like RV.
And I just didn't It was just so slow and boring. I didn't like it.
I have seen the movie Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom.
Hello. I like horror movies.
I like to feel that inside of you that scares you to death, but you still want to continue watching the movie. I like when I feel goosies all over my arms, you know? That's the reason why I like it.
Saw
Because it was sad, it was a horror movie and it was like playing a game, you want to play a game with me and they will catch people and put them in a home let's say in a house and they will lock them and they need to find the way to leave. But in order to leave a place they will have to end up dead.
But I do like all the movies.
Let me think. Well, I don't know. Emily Rose, maybe. Emily Rose.
It was fake. You could tell that it was poorly made, and I didn't get scared at all.
I have not watched that movie.
I have not watched that movie, either.
I did watch it.
kind of cool, but not my cup of tea.
I have not watched that movie.
Oh yeah. I watched that movie.
I loved it because it was a woman, the powerful one in the movie, finally. And it's always just the guy doing everything, you know what I'm saying?
She was very beautiful, her hair was amazing.
I am drawn to romances.
I have not. I know of it very well, but I have not seen it.
Maybe White House Down was surprising for me.
I didn't go into it with high expectations at all. I thought it was just going to be I don't know, a lot of blowing up, pretty dumb, but was it It was I think when I watched it, it was summer day or summer night where almost nothing seemed to be on cable, and I was just looking for something to watch, and I thought, oh, okay, it stars Channing Tatum. I'll watch that. Or I'll turn to that. I probably won't be there for too long. It ended up being a ton of fun. It was like a new version of Die Hard. They had a lot of fun with the movie. And despite it being like unrealistic and they're blowing things up, it was great. It was just a really fun hour and a half.
No.
Yeah.
You know, epics like that are a hard sell for me. It's very long. I wasn't nearly as charmed by the blue people that they were that most other people were. I don't know. It seemed to be lacking in finesse and It just seemed very over the top. It really did seem like an event movie, and maybe if I had seen it in the theater, I would have sort of fallen in love with it like other people did, but It just It was underwhelming. The direction wasn't nearly as good as I thought it was going to be and I just thought it was going to be something more exciting and more appealing that it ended up being for me.
No, but I know I know what that movie is, yeah.
I mean, sure.
I don't like the Halloween movies. I don't like scary movies. So, when I watched that that was just like at a party with friends. And that's what they wanted to watch. I just don't enjoy scaring myself like that. So, the first Halloween the one that originally has Jamie Curtis from back in the day, that is a much better movie than the other Halloweens were. But, I still They are still not my favorite. Too scary. and outside of the first one. And apparently I ha I haven't seen up the most recent one that is sort of a direct sequel to the first one. Those That is a lot of gore, a lot of blood, a lot of trying to scare and not a lot of story line in movie.
I usually like action drama movies.
Well, I like watching fast paced movies and I also like watching movies that have well developed story lines and characters.
Yeah, so I like movies like Star Wars.
Movies like that tend to have very well developed universes, lots of characters, lots going on, lots to do with the story.
I'm not too big on comedy movies.
I feel that the humor in comedy tends to be -- mostly a miss with me when i watch them in movies. They tend to be very topical humor. Mostly humor that just doesn't appeal to my interests.
I usually prefer dark humor and humor that's kind of well thought out, well developed.
Yes, I like movies like Good Will Hunting.
Movies like that tend to have humor that's very witty and sharp.
I like movies like Spotlight, so I'm looking for something that's meaningful like a good Spotlight kind of a movie.
The connection between being young, gay and black.
I like that it highlights being African American and what it means to be gay and like all the hardships that go along with that because of it.
It's too short. I want it to be longer maybe some comedy inside of it also.
Star Wars
It's action-packed, and it deals with like a lot of science fiction, but also like reality.
It's really high budget. It could be a little bit less budget. It could be a little bit slower paced, but it's really fast.
Yes, that was really funny. Pretty cool.
I like the actors, and I like that there's conversations between the main characters and the slot part of the characters, and that it's just like a cool funny movie and relates to everyone.
That's all.
Not really. I mean it's short, it could be longer, it could be more people of color inside of the movie but that's about it.
I like comedies a lot.
I like the I like to laugh. I like the lighthearted nature of comedies. They kind of make you happy. There's nothing depressing about them. So you're always in a good mood after you watch them.
Probably The First Wives Club.
This movie is The cast is superb and about It's perfect as it gets for what they were going for. It's very original and just hilarious. You kind of don't know what's going to happen from moment to moment as they try to get revenge and rebuild their lives but it's a lot of fun and just You laugh throughout the entire movie.
I have.
I like a romantic comedies.
I like when it makes me laugh, and also the romance story line. I like movies with a happy ever after.
I liked Bridesmaids.
It was funny and there was also some romance in it, so it was perfect.
I didn't really like Crazy Stupid Love.
It was just a bit boring and not very funny.
Yes, I've seen it.
Okay. I generally prefer comedies.
Yeah. Yeah. In moderation, they are.
Yeah, Superbad.
I like the acting the actors that were in it.
Let's say action movies. Just because they're typically a little too over the top for me until I become immersed in it.
Not off the top of my head.
Yeah, like years and years ago.
I liked it at the time. I definitely liked it.
From time to time, I really like to watch some indie films.
They usually have off pitch stories and interesting characters. So, it's kind of off the beaten path.
One that comes to mind is Oldboy.
It was really It was really crazy. I mean, just there's a lot of crazy things that happen in it. And the you know It was just a really intriguing story.
Yeah, I'm not a huge fun of of live action family movies.
They're usually just too silly for me to take seriously. I You know, the plots are usually one-dimensional.
A movie that I heavily dislike? Let me think for a minute. I think something like Like Beauty and the Beast.
I I thought it was not a good remake of the original animation. I thought the I thought the It just uses so much CG that it just might as well be animated. And if you're going to animate it, you may as well watch the original movie.
I have not seen that, but I have heard of it.
Yeah, I've definitely seen The Matrix.
When I originally saw it, I really liked the kind of the world the world-building that was created. Like like, you know, there's this whole world beneath our world. There's the whole matrix, right? There's reality, and then there's the matrix. I really liked how they explored that topic.
action
Yes, there's many actually. I like The Day After Tomorrow
It was suspenseful, had a lot of action in it, a lot of death. It was dark.
Yes, I'm not into Disney movies per say. Kid movies, I don't like.
For me at my age they're kind of boring. They don't relate to me.
Yeah The Lion King, I don't like that movie. boring
Boring.
I have.
I enjoyed that movie about an innocent man that goes to prison.
Yes, I do.
I like that it has a lot of action.
I do like action movies. I'm actually not a huge fan of the the Bourne series.
I think I actually dislike kind of the seriousness of them, and also they're really long, and they tend to have a lot of aspects to them that if you're not paying super close attention to, you kind of miss them. Like they're They're kind of movies that you have to watch a few times to actually get them.
Yes, I love Thor.
I have, yeah. Infinity Wars was awesome.
I like that there's a lot of powers and fantasy.
I really enjoy animated movies, romantic comedies, and thrillers.
They usually tend to be feel-good type movies with happy endings, and I really like a happy ending.
Pretty Woman
I really liked the comedy factor, and I think the chemistry between Richard Gere and Julia Roberts was just spot on. The writing was excellent. And I just think the movie was all around outstanding. I I just think it was really well made.
science fiction movies the the superhero movies types like that
I don't think I have. Who's in that one?
Great.
No. You know what, I haven't seen that one.
No. I haven't seen that one.
Yes, I've seen that one. That's a good one.
What did you like about I really liked the all-star cast in it, and instead of there being one star, it was an ensemble cast. I really enjoyed that.
Yes, really cute movie.
I liked that it was like a fantasy but not too farfetched. It was It was really cute. And I think Jennifer Garner is the perfect actress to have played the part of the lead because her humor just really fit well with this type of movie, and I just thought it was really just really cute and enjoyable.
action movies.
Hunger Games
The live action of it and the storytelling, and just how it's just like out of this world. It's kind of my favorite genre, and I love it.
Yeah, loved that. It's one of my favorites. Live action is so fun.
Yep, love that one, too. I like that it's funny, and it's cool, and I would see that, definitely.
I haven't seen it yet, but I want to.
I don't want see any romance movies. That's not my good type of movies. I hate romantic comedies.
I'm single, and it makes me depressed, and I just don't think it's a realistic expectation of what's really going to go on in the world.
I really like romance movies.
Just really pulls at my heart strings and, you know, makes me wish sometimes I can be in that situation.
My favorite movie would probably be sunshine and the eternal mind.
It's just a roller coaster of emotions, and the story's great. And just get to experience a lot of emotions throughout the movie.
I really don't like 50 First Dates.
It just felt really repetitive. Like experiencing the same day every day. Just There wasn't really anything new, and I just felt bad for the main character.
I have not.
I have not. I have heard of it, but I have not seen it.
Yes, I have. Logan is a great movie.
Well, I was hoping there wasn't any romance, but it was a really heartfelt story and sad in the end, and I really liked the character development they went through.
I like horror movies, especially supernatural horror.
I like horror, but I don't like slasher types or anything with a natural enemy. I like ghosts, hauntings, that type of thing.
The Ring, the Japanese version.
It really reinvigorated the horror genre at a time when horror was stale. It introduced to the entire world the Asian aesthetic of making horror movies, and it fits the supernatural part that I like in horror.
No, not that I can think of.
Saving Christmas
Everything about it was terrible. The cinematography was terrible, the script was horrible, and the acting was just completely awful.
I would mildly enjoy it. It's not my favorite genre, but it's fun to watch.
I enjoyed it. It was an entertaining movie, but once again not my favorite genre.
Sure.
I have no interest in Harry Potter, but that's more specifically about Harry Potter as a franchise, and not the genre.
Yes.
The genre itself is fine. There's nothing I particularly dislike about it.
Deadpool
It's funny. It's got some cool action and effects, and I really like all the actors in it.
The Last Airbender
Well, the acting is not good, the effects aren't great, and it pretty much butchers a very long TV series.
There were a lot of plot holes, and even the music wasn't great, and there were some like really stupid moments that didn't make any sense.
Yes.
I liked it.
The atmosphere is really cool its like claustrophobic and there's sorts of broken down machinery everywhere and the overall design.
The actors are really good in it and everyone seems like they are genuinely framed while also been reacting realistically.
It can be a little slow paces, I guess.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
Yes.
Yeah, I guess.
The action is a lot of fun, and the cinematography helps the action seem a lot bigger and more fun.
There tends to be quite a bit of pot holes, and the story can get a little bit on the silly side.
I love comedies. They're fantastic. I love to laugh.
That I can laugh with my family, and they I can really share beautiful moments with them. Comedies bring people together and make them laugh.
The Waterboy was fantastic. I always loved The Waterboy.
Adam Sandler was hilarious, and there was just Yeah, there was moments in that movie that just always make me just die laughing. Adam Sandler was the best part. It was a classic.
I hate Twilight, and I don't like overly-dramatic romantic movies.
That they are overly dramatic and unrealistic and that they are they exaggerate emotions, and they like twilight with some mean they are just focused on playing on female's emotions.
Yes, Matrix was awesome.
science fiction
Blade Runner
The psychological aspects and the cinematography.
No.
Okay, thank you.
I don't like romantic comedies.
They are very formulaic, have the same sorts of characters and boring plots.
No, not in specific.
Yes.
Yes, I did.
I liked the narrative, I liked that it didn't pull punches and didn't have unnecessary action scenes, I thought it was very psychological and well constructed.
I like comedy movies. I like comedy movies because they make me laugh. They are enjoyable to watch, interesting characters in it, the joking inside the movies. Yeah, that's why.
Dumb and Dumber
Because I like the plot. I like I like the way they that they that they're chasing the girl. And they pull they pull pranks on each other and just to get the girl to like them. I like I like how there is suspense in the movie. Like at the end, there's a bad guy that shows up with a gun and and tries to tries to take the money and just just an interesting movie
A movie that I dislike? Project X.
There was nudity in the movie and it didn't really explain why people were taking off their shirts why girls were taking off their shirts just Just a bad plot.
No, I haven't seen it.
There's action in it, there's there's gore, there's there's killings, there's violence.
I didn't like it. I don't like science fiction movies.
I really like romantic comedies, dramas, adventures, and mysteries.
I don't know if I really like comedy, and I like the romance aspect of it. I guess on top of romantic comedies, just romance movies, too.
No, I haven't.
Syfy and animation
I just I can't I don't really get into the story. I just They just don't interest me. Like there's no real plot and I don't know. I'm so bored by them.
Let's see. I would say Captain Underpants
It was just really uninteresting and ridiculous and hard to follow.
Yes, but not the second one. I really liked The Incredibles. That's like one of the few animated movies that I've liked.
The story. I liked the idea of Mr. and Mrs. Incredible being a husband and wife team, and that they were superheroes. I liked the whole family dynamic in the story.
I really like romantic movies like Hallmark Movies.
Well, I just I just love the love stories, and I like movies that have a happy ending. And there's not too much violence or or drugs. Or bad things like that.
I don't like violent movies and I don't like movies about gangs or criminals or just bad things.
One of my favorite movies was probably Oh gosh. What was it called? It was called Love on the Sidelines, and now it's a really good Hallmark movie.
Yes, I have seen The Matrix.
That movie was okay, but it was too violent and Yeah, not really much romance.
Yeah, I have seen that.
Oh, it has everything that I like. It has a great love story, nothing X rated or R rated. Just a a good movie with some some drama but a a nice happy ending.
I I like dramas, like historical dramas.
Cuz it allows me to learn something that I wouldn't have known in previous. I love to learn anything that I can.
I love X-Men
I like how it parallels reality to fantasy. Also, I like the graphics of it. The design is superb, and it just makes me laugh.
I don't like Suicide Squad.
It was poorly managed as far as timing and then the plot did not make sense. I also did not like the line design of the movie altogether.
No.
Yes.
I know.
Yes.
I like I like graphics. I like the message. I like the general consistency of it.
Yes.
I like the I like the plot and I like the direction. I like how it gives you something to feel, but also lets you be imaginative in the fairy tale aspect of it. And it's just like a fun movie that's really cool to escape the realities of the world.
I really like romantic comedies.
They are sort of happy movies. They're funny. There's a happy ending. So you laugh. It's sort of lighter in tone. So it's very easy to watch. They're very enjoyable.
Yes, like The Holiday is one of my favorites.
It is has a fantastic cast first of all, and great writing, and it is endearing yet funny. Has different parts that you're not expecting and just really likable characters and you just sort of fall in love with the the scenery is fantastic, the characters are so likable you just you just take it away and you love the characters and let them be happy at the end.
I really don't like horror movies. Like scary movies.
I don't They Basically, I'm a scaredy cat and they just scare me. I don't want to help myself have nightmares.
Horror movie that I mean, for the most part I just don't watch them. Like Halloween is a no go.
Exactly.
No, I have not.
Sure, that's a great movie.
Bridesmaids has a fantastic cast and it is very funny writing but even though they're sort of They got more attention for to laugh out loud and sort of shocking moments. It also has more sort of quiet moments that are really funny. Like you have to You might be miss the first time around. It just really works. It's a It's a really funny movie and unexpected. It was pretty original at the time. to have that kind of that kind of comedy and starring all women.
I like comedies and dramas.
I like comedies because they are not too serious and I like dramas for their suspense and adventure in them.
I like the movie White Chicks. It's about two agents who are black, and they dress up in disguise as two white girls to try to solve a mystery. It's a comedy.
It was pretty much just stupid and hilarious.
I didn't like Indiana Jones and the Crystal Skull.
I thought the ending was unrealistic and ruined the rest of the movie for me.
Sometimes I like it.
It was all right.
It was something that I watched and it's not that I didn't enjoy it, but I wouldn't pick it out as a movie to watch in my free time.
I like dramas, I like romantic comedies.
Because I find them really interesting, and I really get absorbed in the plot.
I love the movie Top Gun. I also love the movie Con Air.
They had me on the edge of my seat. I thought the acting was incredible. There was a lot of action and there was always something going on.
I'm just trying to think of a movie I did not like. I didn't like Avengers. I also don't like Star Wars or Star Trek.
I just think that they are overrated and too unrealistic. I just don't really care for Sci-Fi I guess.
Yes, I have.
And I have not seen The Grinch, but I think it would be funny. I've just heard of it.
Oh, I loved Forrest Gump.
I just thought that there was a lot going on all the time. It was funny, but there It was also emotional. I I really like the story line. There was something to it.
i like thriller. I like horror movies a lot. I liked Psycho. I liked American Psycho. I liked the chainsaw massacre series.
They are fun, you know? They're They're good time, they're a great day. Yeah, I mean they're just
Yeah, I don't like I don't I would say bad movies. I don't like anything with a bad critical review I don't like. I But I I don't like bad critically reviewed movies.
didn't like The Simpsons Movie I didn't like.
Didn't like the acting, I thought the plot was kind of old and stale.
No.
Hi.
I like superhero movies and some of the action movies, not all of them, but really seen a lot of superhero movies lately. Science fiction's good, too.
Oh, yeah. Last one was really good. The second Avengers It was It was okay, but it wasn't as good as the first one or the last one. And I can't wait for the next one next year.
Yeah, kind of makes you know want to hardly wait to see the next one.
Well, because they're so really well done. The casting is really good and I have read a lot of those com books when I was growing up, and the casting for all those has been very good so far. They are just fun movies to watch and I don't know. It's just quality. I haven't seen a really really bad one yet. And I've seen most of them.
Yeah, I like Star Wars. I even like that Han Solo story that a lot of people didn't like. I've seen all those, too. and They're just almost as good as Well, most of those are as good, except for the second trilogy. The Those movies are almost as good as the superhero movies.
I'm not a big fan of horror movies. Not because they're scary, just cuz I don't I'm not a fan of the genre. It's not I don't know, it just doesn't Its not my idea of a good time, most of those movies I have seen a few but I don't usually If have seen them, it's usually been not in the theaters, on DVDs. I just don't really enjoy them.
A lot of times, plus a lot of it's already been done. A lot of it's just rehashing stuff that's been done. You know, it's like movie number eight or movie number nine or something you know, something crazy. I don't know. I mean, I've seen some of the early ones. But, I'm just not a fan of the stuff that's coming out now.
war movies
action movies
Saving Private Ryan also like Marvels Can't even think here. Spider-Man Batman
Why do I like it? It's the They're box offices. They're nice movies.
Well I like Saving Private Ryan. I mean, the best That's like one of my best movies because it really depicts World War II, and it's very action-packed. The actress did a good job and the sceneries and everything are really authentic. That's about it.
An awful movie Fifty shaded gray or something, whatever the name.
Fifty Shades of Grey or something, yeah, that's a awful movie. Well, it was because it's boring. I mean, there's no action. It's just drama movie. I I don't like watching dramas.
Yeah, I've seen Ant-Man. I've seen part one. I've seen part two. Pretty good movie.
A lot of characters from It's a lot of characters from X-Men, from Marvels.
Yeah, I've seen Skyscraper. It's an all right movie. I didn't really enjoy it much.
Well, I mean I like The Rock, you know, he always make pretty good movies, but I just didn't like the story in the Skyscraper. It's kinda lame.
Not really.
I like musicals and horror movies.
Usually, the music and the songs, but sometimes the suspense.
Xanadu
It had really good actors and I liked the music.
Some horror movies, some drama and action.
Usually they're kind of boring.
The Exorcist
I don't like how anxious it makes me.
No.
Yes.
I really liked the way they changed all of the colors in the movie to look kind of old.
Well, I like comedies, dramas, fantasy movies, the action adventure. things like that
One of last movies I watched that I enjoyed was Black Panther.
I liked that it had a largely African-American cast, and I like the story line.
I did not enjoy the movie Cars from Disney.
I thought the story line was kind of silly, and I don't think it's one of the best films that has come from that studio.
I have not seen that movie.
No, that movie does not sound familiar.
Yes, I have seen that movie.
I enjoyed the storyline. I thought the acting was excellent and it was a very emotionally moving film.
I really like romantic comedies
Rom coms make me happy. They put me in a position of like pure bliss, and I don't have to think about the bad stuff that's going on in the world.
Maid in Manhattan
I love Jennifer Lopez, and I just like the comedy of it, and it just reminded me that if you believe in love, anything can happen, just keep the faith.
I did not like The Wedding Singer.
It was boring, I don't I didn't find it realistic, I didn't find the people in it attractive and the writing was bad.
Yes, I liked Bridesmaids. That was a good one.
I really like movies in a science fiction setting. Or fantasy are my favorites.
The Matrix, for one, has a bit of action but in a futuristic-type setting. and with well-developed characters.
Let me think. I would say the first Alien.
The pacing was slow. They try to make it into a horror flack instead of a syfy flaking. The robotics and stuff weren't that good in my opinion. I think its an overrated movie.
I do. I do like The Hunger Games.
it's complex but it's very well done.
Sure. It's not a simple movie. You've to pay attention in order to follow what's going on but movies like The Hunger Games it's very it's done very well. It's a high quality movie so it really pulls off transferring what's in the book on to screen.
I love Good Will Hunting.
Well, the acting is fantastic like bow down fantastic across the board. And it's a touching story, it has some sort of sort of like a coming of age feel to it in some ways, very original, but also it has it's very serious. Many times it's it has a true impact on the characters lives, but definitely plenty of moments to laugh and laugh at it even though it's more so plenty of moments to sort of enjoy what's going on and not just have it be a serious tale of a transformation of a character.
Sure like there's like famous lines from the movie and most of those famous lines they're comedic lines. Like how about them apples, and you know I went to go see you know he stole my line, I went to go see about a girl those are the lighter moments of the film. They don't really have much to do with truly really what happens in the film, but they're memorable and they're really fun parts of the film that were made the balance of the film
Not really.
Well, the acting is very good, but for me, I have very little interest about the sort of white people writing about you know, black people who you know, uplifting stories and you know, oh how we helped the how oh us you know, do-gooding white people helped these small black people succeed, and that kind of thing. Not my thing at all. Definitely not something I think do I need to be sitting around for 2 hours watching.
Sure I'm black. I don't need to sit through a movie explaining how white people help black people get out of poverty or servant roles or anything like that. I don't need to watch The Help. My great-grandparents lived The Help. I don't need to watch a movie by white people about The Help.
Usually I like action movies or romantic comedies. I tend to really enjoy love stories.
Avatar and Seeking a Friend for the End of the World had to be my two favorite movies.
What about you?
What is that movie about?
That sounds pretty cute, especially if he actually turns good for her for her falling for him, and then he just stays the same.
What year was that movie made?
Do you know the average rating of that movie?
I actually may watch that myself.
Ah. The movies I usually don't like have to be the movies that end and don't have a point. Or they Or it felt like it ended too early. There are some movies that try to be artsy and they're pointless, but they're not funny pointless like Seinfeld. They're just pointless, and they're trying to take snippets of life, and it feels like it's just wasting my time or it did waste 2 hours of my time.
I actually never heard of Bridesmaids, could you tell me about it?
Are you going to tell me anything about it?
That sounds like a new like a movie for middle-aged women.
I like most movies, but I really like movies that are based on true stories.
I think it's just easier to get invested in the story when you know it's at least partially true, whereas if it's all fiction Like I like fiction movies, but if they're true, it's easier to believe it cuz it actually happened.
I really like Zodiac. That's one of my favorite movie.
I just really like true crime, and it's a really good movie. It's probably the best true crime movie I've ever seen, and it's just really interesting, and Jake Gyllenhaal's really a good actor in it.
I don't really like romantic comedies that much.
I just think they all feel the same, like they're all very cliched.
Yep. Probably the worst movie I've ever seen was The Adventures of Pluto Nash. I don't think there's any movie that's worse than that.
I mean it's not a funny movie. Meant to be a comedy, but I saw it when I was like 10. I didn't laugh once. If you can't make a 10-year-old laugh, then you got problem.
Nope. I have not.
No. I haven't that either.
comedy movies
Well, they don't have to have a sensible plotline usually, and they make me laugh.
[inaudible]
I just thought it was funny overall.
I don't like drama.
Well, I have enough drama in my life as it is, and I just don't like the thought of thinking about other people's problems. Not superficial, you know, the cliche problems in drama
I can't think of any at the moment.
Yes.
I thought the lead actors, Will Ferrell and I don't know what the other guy's name is I think that they are a good combination. So, I liked just because of that.
I enjoy all kinds, but I really like you know, superhero movies, action movies, stuff like that.
The action and the characters, you know, civil era movies is kind self explanatory, but I kind of like the villains too sometimes especially if it's a good actor play and a good villain and, you know, just like regular action movies. If there's a good character if it's fun, you know, not somebody that just kills a lot of people, but somebody that, you know, is fun to watch kind of like Bruce Willis The Die Hard movies or Stallone in pretty much anything, action movie he's been in, or Schwarzenegger, you know, with the quippy phrases, like in Terminator.
Well, I like the new the Marvel movies are really good probably the best of the superhero ones at least so far. Just regular action movies I kind of like I kind of like the old ones the fun ones with Schwarzenegger and, you know, like the Terminator movies and the Rambo movies were all good. The older ones not the not the last one and they got one kind of out soon. I don't know what it'll be You know I just this kinds of movies.
Well, you didn't have to really think about what was going on. It was Usually you know, I mean, they're all kind of the same plot, except for the superhero movies. But the action movies, they're all kind of the same plot. It's like You know, some kind of crazy thing happens, and then they have to go on a rampage and kill a bunch of people. The superhero movies though, I like those because the plots are so intricate nowadays. It's not like You know, like the early Superman movies were kind of fluff and stuff and now the the newer ones have complicated story lines and complicated characters.
I'm not a real big fan of horror movies. I just Not because they're scary or anything, just because they're just not I don't know. They just don't really appeal to me. Like I guess the last good one I saw was probably the first Ring, maybe. But nowadays they're just so cookie cutter and Kind of blah. If If You know, if there was a really good smart one that came out, I'd probably watch it, but I generally just avoid car movies altogether cuz they're just too It's like watching the same movie over and over again.
Nothing in particular. I just Like I said I don't I don't generally watch a lot of I can't think of a really bad movie I have seen lately. I must have seen good ones. But I can't think of a really bad movie that I've seen. Is that I don't watch but I try to watch try to make sure the movies are good before I can see them.
Yeah, I saw that. It was It was pretty good. It was better than the first one, I thought. But you know, it's it's it's not as good as some of the other Marvel movies. But it was fun. I like
I liked it was it was kind of smart. It was It was a little better than the first one. I don't know, it was fun to watch, but I mean really not like anything about it. It's just It's just not quite as a compelling He's not quite as a compelling character as some of the other Marvel Superheroes.
I like watching entertaining movies, mostly animation movies.
Yes, recently I watched, well, last year a movie called Your Name which was a movie with a great plot that was very interesting.
The the depiction of characters and how the director played with different timelines in one movie. Kinda don't want to if you've never seen it spoiler, but the way that you walk up to the climax at the end was masterfully done.
A lot of people like this movie, but I really hated it. Space Jam, it was a mixture of animation and basketball.
I just I just thought the story was really weird. Like I said, a lot of people love it. I'm just not one of them.
The plot was also weird. Like, it doesn't have to be super realist, but it has to make sense and in my mind it was kind of cobbled together. It wasn't really a good movie.
I have not.
Yes, so I have seen The Avengers movie.
Yeah. Super hero movies can be great at times, yeah.
I like dramatic movies. Because they make me like feel like I'm not alone in the world, or the world is just like interesting and fun. Not fun.
I like Set It Off.
I thought it was like a cool real life story, and it made be connected to black people, which I am black, so I liked it.
I don't enjoy biographies.
I would like to read it instead of seeing it, and I don't always think they're being authentic to the story that really happened.
Yes.
Yes. Loved it. Made me happy. Love the music. Connected to the reality of the world.
Yes.
Yes.
I like drama and comedy movies.
I like movies that have a rich plot line, and drama movies usually do have a rich and interesting plot. And I don't really like action so drama movies tend to be less action oriented.
One of my favorite movies that comes to mind is actually kind of a romantic comedy and that's You've Got Mail. It's a super old movie, but I still really like it.
It's funny, and it's kind of dated now. But it's funny, and it's well-written. And I'm a fan Tom Hanks, especially when he was young. So, that's one of my favorite movies of his, as cheesy as it is.
I really don't like horror movies, and I don't really like thriller movies, either.
Animated films.
They are fun, fanciful, and can do things that you can't do live action.
Wreck-It Ralph
I thought it was funny, charming. I enjoyed the jokes, the meta humor, and the characters.
I don't like crime films.
I think they tend to be too gritty, too dark and a little mucky.
the The Room
Everything about it is bad.
Yes.
I like the characters and the humor, I also like the story and the overall tone.
Sure. Out for Justice is terrible.
Good God. So, the acting is abysmal. The story line is both simple and bad at the same time. They have Steven Seagal doing entirely too much on his own. They have supporting cast that basically is as bad actor as Steven Seagal is maybe to not make him stand out too much When you can get to a fight scene, they're okay. But it's It's just a lot to go through. It's dark. It's It's just not bad It's amazing to me he's had such a successful career.
Oh, absolutely.
Shawshank is an excellent film, excellent. Should have won the Oscar. It is just superbly acted. The script is brilliant. It is It's really pulling you in and making you care about people who you otherwise may not. It's making certain characters sympathetic who otherwise wouldn't be. There are moments that are completely touching, which is amazing cuz you're watching something in a prison then make a reading for the characters, if you there there really is a delineation between good and evil despite being in a prison. It's just that it's a phenomenal movie and the acting, and the writing, and the direction are top notch.
Yes, and they would be correct.
I like teen comedies a lot.
They are They're like They're like regular comedies in that they're funny, but because they focus on high school, they usually incorporate some kind of A lot of times there's a romance in it. There's something sort of nice and simplistic about that time because there's only so much teens are sort of focused on. It's usually very much you know, about a specific period of time, couple years, you know, they're 17. They're 16. It's funny. The romances are usually simple and cute, and nothing too overboard. They It doesn't usually veer off too much into where a movie doesn't necessarily need to go, and it takes away from the rest. But they're They're fun. They're enjoyable.
There's a great movie recently called To All the Boys I Loved Before, and that's a really sort of fun and funny and endearing Teen comedy it has a great lead and it doesn't always happen but this one is pretty original which helped a lot. And it was just it was definitely fun the these are getting harder to come by at this point. They used to make them so much more often. So, when you find a good one like this it's it's a rare gem.
Sure. What is that? John Tucker Must Die, that's not a good one. That is a still a teen movie, but That sort of That's one that sort of went off the rails. It's doing too much, trying too hard.
Sure.
Yes.
A Walk to Remember is not my favorite movie. I guess It depends on like these kinds of movies. I am not the biggest fan of the author of that movie. It's based on a book. And he kills almost everybody in his movies, so that's why I'm not really a fan. A Walk to Remember has The lead dies, so it's Even though it's a teen movie, it's very sad. It's a drama not a comedy, and she's sick. She's sick throughout the entire movie. There is sort of a nice, endearing teen love story, and you do get involved with the character, but she has cancer. She's dying, and she does die in the movie. And it's It's kind of heavy, so it's not really It's not fun. I can like these movies, but They're the kind of movie Let's say if I see it, I don't keep watching it. So, It's not my favorite to watch repeatedly at any strech.
Yes.
Yes. Love this kind of movie.
I like action-packed movies.
That has a lot of action in it for one. And I like fast paced movies, you know.
Blade Runner 2014, hey I like like that one.
What's not to like? Action, fast pace, all the way around a good movie.
I'm not into love stories. You know, and kind of slow, not interesting, you know.
I have. Yes.
It's like kind of the American James Bond movie. I mean it's it's a lot of action, a lot of suspense, a lot of technology you know, that may or may not be fake. So, yeah, good movie.
And Yes, I've seen that one.
I really like superhero movies.
Yes, I have.
I love Paul Rudd, that's the lead, and he was great in it. A very good fit for the more humorous take that they were going for. And it It was sort of a lower key superhero movie, like not like heavy on the action, but that worked given the cast and the kind of superhero they were doing. It was really quite different, for a superhero movie, so it was good.
Yes.
I do like that movie. I don't like personally don't like the newer Star Wars movies as much as I like the originals from the '70s and the '80s, but I do think that these are good, that these are well thought out and continue the the imagery and the story very well. And they're very captivating, very engaging, with good action and good storytelling.
I usually am not the biggest sci-fi fan.
So, sci-fi is not my favorite, they usually have aspects in it that are for one are a little scarier which is definitely not my favorite. And they are very science based which isn't necessarily the worst thing in the world, but sometimes they go a little too far into the world that they're trying to create and seem to almost confuse themselves with their cleverness. So, when sci-fi is well done I I certainly like But more often than not, it seems that they bungle it, and it is a mess.
I like drama. I love a good drama, you know?
A good storyline. Usually most dramas have good storylines. I like that.
I don't like action movies because it looks too fake to me. You know. I don't like I don't watch them.
Hello, I really enjoy comedy and action movies quite a bit.
My movies in particular, like comedy-wise, I like Billy Madison, Happy Gilmore, like action movies, I really enjoy like superhero movies.
Some romantic comedies it just depends on who's in it and what it's kind of about.
I mean, it I like movies that have good reviews, kind of more mainstream ones. I'm not really into like indie movies.
Just that they're really entertaining, and they've kind of got a good plot to them.
Maybe something with Adam Sandler in it.
Billy Mason
Any kind of like romance movie like the Note Book.
Horror movies, they just don't really interest me very much.
They don't really interest me. I can't really get into them very well.
Good reviews mainly, if talk around like work and my friends is good.
I like historical drama movies. I like them because they're based on true stories, and they have usually have a great screenplay, and they can't make a sequel out of those.
I like the movie Schindler's List and I like the movie Lincoln.
I liked them As I said, I liked them for the fact that they're based on true stories. I liked that they had very good acting, and They were just very very intriguing.
I don't really like romantic comedies. If I want to name a movie 10 Things I Hate About You.
I didn't really like the writing in the movie. And I didn't like the story, and I didn't like the acting.
Yes.
Yes, I have seen it.
I thought it was very well-written. I thought that the that the story was very intense and very appealing. And I thought the director did a great job.
I like action movies.
like the cinematography, the scenes, the fight choreography, characters, all that kind of stuff
Yes. So, I like the Mad Max: Fury Road.
I thought the story, characters, and the action were all very entertaining.
No.
I wasn't a big fan of the newer Spider-Man movie.
I didn't like the story for most of the movie, and I found the actor that they chose to play Spider-Man to be kind of weak overall.
Yes.
I thought the story was fascinating, good characters, great special effects.
I like action movies
Because they're so much fun, and there's fighting. I just love it.
Any Marvel movie, really.
Avengers: Infinity War
Cuz it had all my favorite characters in it and all action in it cool moments.
None of them I can think of right now. I can't think of anything right now.
Yes and I have seen that movie.
I like the magical aspect of it. I love the characters. I just love it overall.
comedy
They are funny and entertaining.
I like the movie Step Brothers with Will Ferrell and the other man. It was very funny, humorous movie. I was laughing the entire time.
The movie had a great story, and the characters were all very unique, and each one had their own way of being funny.
That would be Probably it's the movie Harold & Kumar Go to White Castle.
I didn't like the characters. There was nothing interesting about them. And I didn't find the movie funny.
Yes.
Yes.
It was an action movie, interesting characters, good good acting good action scenes
I like romantic comedies.
I just I like the story, and I like happy endings, and I just like the stories about you know, how different people are falling in love and the comedic aspects.
Yeah, that's a romantic comedy. I love Bridesmaids.
I really don't like science fiction very much.
Oh, science fiction movies are for geeks, and they're kind of boring. They're kind of boring, and I'm really not interested in the storylines. They're not very realistic.
No, I hate Star Wars.
comedies
I like a movie where I can enjoy it, and laugh, and just have an escape.
I like Woody Allen movies. I like Annie Hall.
I don't like horror movies. or scary movies
They're just a little too scary for me, too realistic.
I don't like No, I just don't like too much blood and gory type movies.
Yes, I have.
Well, I like the title, but I also like the movie. I thought it was a great movie. I thought the acting was superb, and I thought the story by Ken Kesey was exceptional. So love the movie.
I really like I like thrillers, and I like movies that have a lot of suspense and things that keep me guessing.
Because they They tend to really keep me interested in the plot, and I really like I like the the pace and how it makes me feel excited.
They can be good sometimes, so long as they aren't too obvious or they aren't too complicated. I think sometimes they can go overboard, but I like a mystery every now and again.
Actually I just saw a movie that I really liked called Suspiria. It was a horror movie and it was really good.
The tone of the movie was incredible, and I thought it was the camera work was really good, they had a lot of really pretty pretty and visual visually appealing shots in the movie.
There were some parts that were pretty frightening. Yeah and the overall plot of the movie was pretty terrifying.
The ending was good, but I wouldn't say that it was a happy ending.
Yeah. That's true. They they tend to be kind of a mixed bag at the end.
A movie that I didn't like I didn't like the movie Crush.
You know, that didn't bother me so much as I thought it felt forced. It felt It didn't feel like the stories naturally went together, and I just thought it was It was I didn't like the writing. I thought the writing wasn't good.
I haven't I have not seen that yet. I have I've heard a little bit about it. I roughly know what it's about. I know it's based on a book, but I haven't read the book or seen the movie yet, no.
I saw The Grinch a while back. I do like I do like it, and I thought it was well done.
I thought I thought the makeup and costume was really good, and you know, I'm a big Dr. Seuss fan too, so I thought that worked really well.
I like comedies and not dramas comedies and war movies.
I like that they're like dramatic, but in a real world sense, like they feel more real than say, a regular drama, because well, it's about war. And even when they go a little further than than what actually happens it still ties them to it. It doesn't feel It doesn't usually feel like it's being blown out of proportion to to a just just believable proportion. I guess. Oh, yeah.
Full Metal Jacket was a good movie, so was Saving Private Ryan. So, either one of those.
Well, I liked that it was a deep movie. It just I don't know. It really sucked me in in a way that not many other movies can do, or that have done.
A movie I didn't like. Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, that's that's one that I definitely did not like.
Well, for one I'm kind of biased against Tim Burton movies. I don't really care for them that much, I mean I'm totally for the whole dark and dreary atmosphere kind of thing but it almost seems too exaggerated in some ways. And I mean it just it departed to much from the original Willy Wonka cuz I know that was like sequel-ish kind of movie to it, and it was like It just didn't sit with me very well. I didn't I didn't care for the the art style. I didn't care for the plot. I just didn't really like it.
Heck yeah, it was.
I may have, but I don't remember. I don't think I did.
Quiet Place No, I've never seen that.
I like horror movies
Because I think life is really scary and horror movies allow me to be scared in a safe space.
I like Poltergeist.
I like the dynamic with the family, and I thought it was really really scary just the way just what happened to the little girl in it cuz she was really young and vulnerable.
I don't like Night of the Living Dead.
It's too slow-paced, and I don't like the zombies in it.
Yes.
super bad
I like that it's funny, and it's all-inclusive, and it's just like a good like journey that you go on, but also high action-packed.
It's fun and it's like action packed and there's comedy, but action and there's like cool costumes.
It's a lot of profanity and there's a lot of young people in it and I wish there wasn't and I want it to be more like all inclusive.
Jason Bourne
No. I didn't like it.
It's just like a stupid actor and then it's like boring and it's like I don't believe anybody and the characters, and like everything to me seems fake.
It's just like really annoying and it's just like I don't like the main actor in it and I just wish it wasn't like that.
I didn't like that one either.
I think that plot is not realistic and it just doesn't seem like something that people would want to go see, and I don't just like the graphics or nothing like that.
It's just boring and it's just like silly actors and I just don't like it. It's not my type of movie.
Maybe comedy or the action in it.
I like comedy. I like action. I like sci-fi. I like fantasy.
I mostly like new, interesting situations. That's why I in particular like funny comedies, because they tell The good comedies tell new jokes never heard. The fantasy and sci-fi I really like because it's just completely different imagined worlds.
That's a tough one. Let's go. I like My fun movie is The Matrix.
It just blew my mind. I really like the the movie unraveled. So, you think you're in one universe but you're in a whole another universe the movie is slowly The plot slowly unravels. It's really deep.
I don't like scary movies. I just don't like To be surprised and make myself jump just for no reason. I just didn't really find that fun.
I can think about that for a bit. It's been a long time.
It's hard. I'm just going to say movies that I kind of didn't like. How about that? Blair Witch Project
It was just it was it was dumb and it was just like trying to surprise you and the camera quality was bad.
I have not. It just came out.
I heard it hasn't been reviewing that well, but I guess I wouldn't mind seeing it.
Yes, I have seen it.
It was okay. I wasn't completely bored. It was kind of interesting, but it wasn't that great.
I like that it took place in Singapore about a Asian family a rich Asian family which I guess we don't really see that much in any other movies or TV shows. But, I dislike the bias. I just don't think like they Like it try to be funny it it wasn't really genuinely funny. I don't think the plot was super good.
Yeah, I seen most of them. Maybe all of them. I don't know. I've seen three of them.
They're pretty good. Maybe a little bit overrated, but I still enjoyed watching them.
I guess I focus on the bad, cuz that's what comes to my mind immediately. I just remember the camera work, and I think maybe it's the third one, or maybe there's a fourth one. The The last one that I saw, the camera work is horrible, like I could not tell what was happening in the action scenes. Too shaky.
Yeah, I guess. It also gave me a headache.
Nope. Movies are entertainment, not pain.
All right, thanks for talking to me. Bye-bye.
Oh you know, I like spy films, and I like Sci-Fi and I like anything with a lot of action in it.
I like to think about the what we could have in the future that that we don't have now. Yeah, and at the same how when the future they will have the same problems that we do just with better technology. That is interesting to me. It's kind of the human condition always always continues.
Oh man, my favorite movie? It changes. I don't have a favorite movie. I mean Dr. Strangelove might be my favorite. Full Metal Jacket might be my favorite.
Let's see. Well, it's written by Stanley Kubrick. Which is important cuz he's my favorite director. It's got a boot camp scene in the Half the movie's the boot camp and then half the movie's the stuff in Vietnam. And it just It's a It's an anti-war film. It's just really well done. The acting is fantastic. And it's really really intense.
man Bowling for Columbine or anything by that guy. I can't remember the director.
I don't like the director. I I think he's pretentious, and that says something cuz considering I'm pretentious. So, he's just He's just annoying, so the movie's annoying.
I may have but I I can't remember the plot.
I have seen the movie. Yes.
A Pulp Fiction is great. It just got this it's wonderfully violent, it's humorous, the cast is fantastic. Well if you're you got the same objection and principles as in it I think I might they made the first time they were together were they were also in Die Hard from together they they worked great together. And just add little sub stories in in Pulp Fiction make just a fantastic film.
I like romantic movies, and I like comedies.
I get really engaged in them. I like the love stories. It takes me away from my boring old love story.
One of my favorite movies would be Titanic.
because it has a really great love story. It keeps you engaged the whole time. The only bad part about it is the ending when the guy dies. Other than that, it's a good movie.
I don't like horror movies.
Yes, I don't like being scared at all. And I also Any of the scary scenes, like if someone jumps out of a doorway in the dark, every time I walk through my house at night, I can just picture that happening.
Yes, I have.
I thought it was a cute movie. I liked it, except for Will Ferrell. That actor that plays the elf is, he drives me crazy. He's really annoying, so that's what threw it off for me. But it's a good like one-time, maybe two-time, movie.
Yes.
I liked that it was a cute family movie. I liked that the family fights crime together. It was a nice sequel to the first one. Me and my kids really enjoyed it.
romance
Because they make you feel good.
How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days
I liked it because it was cute and it was a little bit funny.
I don't like 10 Things I Hate About You.
I didn't like it because it was based in high school and I don't really think that's suitable for my age.
No.
Yeah.
I like them because they're fun and cute and funny.
I like comedies and action movies.
Because I like lighthearted movies. And I also like it when there are a lot of things going on when I'm watching a film.
Well, I feel like I should be enjoying myself when participating in entertainment.
I dislike musicals and horror movies.
Musicals because singing doesn't really catch my attention, and horror movies because I always find them hard to believe.
It's cuz some of the things I go on in horror movies are just too extreme and very difficult to imagine.
The Avengers
Because it had a large amount of action and also mixed in good amounts of comedy, making it an entertaining movie.
Because it was overly graphic.
It had a lot of disturbing scenes that involved needles and knives and gore.
Yes. I like Guardians of the Galaxy. I like superhero movies.
Because it had a good cast and a good story line, with lots of action.
Yes, I liked that movie, too.
I like romantic comedies, I like action movies.
Sure. For romantic comedies, Pretty Woman, 27 dresses, Bridget Jones Diary Someone Like You For comedies, regular comedies? I like First Wives Club. Oh, another romantic comedy that I love is The Holiday, another one is Picture Perfect. Two Can Play That Game. For regular comedies, I love 40-Year-Old Virgin Waiting for Guffman, Best in Show
That's like a female central comedy that is just hilarious. And it's The plotting, the scheming it's a kind of a revenge comedy I guess you could call it. It's just a lot of fun and like really had fun making it and it came across for that just 2 hours of fun. The actors are fantastic in that movie which is really what makes it a good movie probably.
Favorite actor favorite actress is probably Sandra Bullock, maybe Julia Roberts, favorite actor not not for comedies but Tom Cruise. It's definitely up there as a favorite.
I usually check for the cast, who's in it is definitely going to help determine if I see it. The general description what is supposed to be going on in the movie if that sounds appealing or not. I will check for the director a lot of times I will check one time many times, and I also usually check reviews even though that doesn't necessarily determine whether or not I go, from both critics and moviegoers. I always check moviegoer reviews, not never just critics, and I usually check an IMDb rating.
I enjoy action movies. Because they're fun to watch.
Yes. I enjoy watching the the Ninja Turtle movie.
That film has a lot of action in it. It has a lot of action where it's fighting bad guys. first time in the world
I do not enjoy 2010 Moby Dick
The film was boring. It was on It was on It was on a ship. It was just on the submarine. It just wasn't wasn't fun to watch. That's why it's not a good movie.
Yes. I have heard of it, and I also watched it.
Yes, I enjoyed them. They were good films. Very funny, very dramatic.
gun movies. It has a lot of action a lot of killing bad people. And when Deadpool get his arms chopped off he he can regenerate his limbs.
I like movies that are kind of artsy. For example The Grand Budapest Hotel is one of my favorite movies. I like movies that have a good plot and a unique story.
Yes, given those unique maybe different color contrasts. and with good music.
And The Grand Budapest Hotel and Inception.
I like Inception because it had really good music. It had a unique story line. That was something I've never seen before, and the visuals in the movie were really awesome. A lot of cool architecture.
I'm not a big superhero movie fan or action. I do not like horror movies either.
Because they scare me, make me feel bad.
Yes.
I like the movie because it had good music in it. It was It was a superhero movie, which I don't really care for too much. But it was a unique one. The story was really cool.
Yes.
I liked it. I thought it was pretty average. It was cute. It was a child movie. It had a good message on it. And it was a little bit, you know, simple and childlike for me. But overall it was it was all right. It was good.
comedies, thrillers, suspense
I like to laugh, I like to be in suspense, and I like thrillers.
The Avengers
I like that it's sci-fi. I've always liked Marvel comics and the characters.
dramas musicals
Dramas tend to make me cry, and I don't like to get emotional.
No.
Yes.
I've always enjoyed the Marvel comics. And I used to read Thor as a kid, and I love the action in it.
Yeah, I like superhero movies.
I like the fantasy, how it brings me to a greater joy and puts the ability of thinking that you can do anything if you put your mind to it.
Superman
He always does the right thing, even though he could just kill people. He just tries to uplift them and like make them be better, and just is a good person, and that just gives me hope for humanity.
I did not like Weekend at Bernie's.
It just I don't like the idea of death and how it like franchises it or makes it like a cool thing and funny. It shouldn't be like that when you're dealing with someone who's dying.
I haven't seen it yet, but I will go and see it cuz it seems like it might be It's going to be up my alley with stuff that I watch and like.
Yeah, loved it. It was like one of my favorite things ever. So funny and just like bad ass.
I like mystery movies, not romance movies, and yeah.
Oh, I love romance movies, love them. Love the plot, I love you know, the acting is great. I love the female driven characters and i love the resolutions.
Yeah. I liked 40-Year-Old Virgin. Really like that movie because it was a really funny, good Steve Carell flick. I watched it on a network. I didn't like watched it on online or out of theater I watched it on a TV network.
Well, I can tell you I don't like action movies. Too much action for this soul.
No. No, they don't They don't do it for me. No, I never get stimulated at the action scenes.
I didn't like. Let me Let me think, a movie I didn't like. I try not to watch like bad movies. Oh, I didn't like Sandlot I guess. That's way back though.
Oh yes. I like Star Wars, yeah. Yeah, I saw the first one for a a class I took in college, but I never I never saw I don't think I saw any of the rest of them, but now the first one. Now the first one was really good. First one was really good but I don't know. I think they're still coming out with Star Wars movies in today.
I really like action movies.
They are exciting, sort of like nonstop, has a really good sort of speed to them. They're just not at all boring. They're also They don't tend to be realistic, so they don't remind you of anything about everyday life, so it's a good escape, and usually an exciting one that you can really ride out and you know, and watch and be engaged for 2 hours.
Exactly.
Sure. I love Gone in 60 Seconds.
that has an ensemble cast that really works. It's clever we don't have a ton or at the time we didn't have a ton of action movies that were based around cars and car chases. So, it was a little different. And so the action was a little bit different and it was sort it was exciting to watch the car chases. So, it really worked. And it was it was pretty well written. I mean the acting was excellent, and the writing was pretty good, so it was it was enjoyable action film but also one that was not as familiar as they had been making at that point. We had way more in recent years but at that time it was fairly original.
Yes.
I don't like horror films.
I'm not really a fan of scaring myself while watching a film. I like to just be able to enjoy it. And for the most part, a scary movie will literally scare me, possibly cause nightmares, so it's not something that I typically go into enjoying. It's something I go into with trepidation. So it sort of defeats the purpose. I I consider movies an enjoyment, so it really does defeat the purpose for me to be watching a scary movie.
So Olympus has Fallen is a action film that is around the white house that's not particularly good and it takes itself way too seriously. So even if it was decent enough it's not realistic enough for it to be taken as seriously as it was taking itself. So, it doesn't really work. I I completely confused the cast. The supporting cast is better than the leaders.
I have.
Black Panther is excellent. It's fantastic that it was a black cast, African American cast that is a superhero. It's just never They never have done it before. So it was refreshing. It was great to see. It was inspiring to see, and the movie was actually great. It wasn't even like it was some sort of a downgrade. It was an upgrade for superhero movies. So, the the acting is fantastic, the story line fantastic, it was all around excellent movie.
Yes.
I watch a lot of comedies.
My favorite is going to probably be Best in Show. But that's a pretty that's I don't know, it's a smaller movie. I can name a more well known movie too.
It is so excellent. It's hilarious while being clever and sort of subtle. It's The style of the movie is a mockumentary, so what it's mocking it pulls off extremely well, and the cast is just superb.
if there's a certain type that I stay away from, outside of I stay away from horror films for sure. Scary kind of movies are not my thing. I'm also not the biggest fan of tear jerkers.
Die Hard 5. A Good Day to Die Hard. That was disappointing.
So A Good Day to Day Hard is the part of Die Hard series so this is actually the fifth movie in the series, not only is it by far the worst, it is Probably the weakest storyline, the one that doesn't use the sort of lead character of the series, John McClane, which is played by Bruce Willis well. It had good action. That was basically all it had going for it, but even then, it just It just wasn't great. It was I think the wrong setting. I think a lot of A lot of bad choices for that movie.
No, I've seen plenty of other Tarantino movies, but not that one.
Woo, really too scary for me. I know it's an excellent movie, but too scary for me in general.
Not much. I really haven't seen the entire thing. Sigourney Weaver's excellent, but in general, entirely too scary for me. I'd I'd have nightmares about that.
What kind of movie I've always Well, I can't say I've always, but I like westerns now. I used to not like them as a child and now as an adult, I oddly have grown to very much enjoy a good western.
Well, I used to not like the movie Tombstone with Dark Holiday and well Whiteout played by I can't think of the actors name now. Kurt Russell and I forgot who played Dark Holiday, but as a kid I always thought it was boring but
For Westerns, I think it's how simple and It's always kind of just about a single moral or I mean, sometimes you can have it where there's fantastical elements to it that lend kind of itself to like the American fairy tale, sort of. But they're always very simple stories with a little bit There's almost It's always action in there somewhere, and they are they are kind of relaxing to watch as well. And also, I'm interested in that that world that they exist in that that western world.
Whereas the genre of romantic comedies I've I like the comedy part, but the romance once are always like there's a meet cute moment and then there is, you know, they they don't get together until the very end. It's very formulated kind of I guess I've just kind of bored by the formula, but if they focus more on the comedy, I like it. I like them more.
Kind of was saying that the they very formulaic. They they don't necessarily take chances, you know what's coming. I mean they're good for probably to watch when is maybe raining on cable or something on TV, but I'm not ever going to like pay money to go to a theater to watch it unless I have to.
Yes, and I like the the co in remake and the original with Wayne.
In the theater, yes. I think I did, the remake. I don't remember. I know I've seen it, though. Yes.
I like I like prison movies.
Like Like The Great Escape, so it's a movie about guys who ran a prison camp in World War II.
The acting is really good in it, and I really like the plot. You know, there's a lot of plotting and planning by the by the prisoners to get out, and watching them work is a lot of fun.
Not a really big fan of of family movies.
You know it it seems like when they say family movies it's mostly for kids and you know they just don't They just don't really appeal to me that much. They're They're They're normally very low-level plots.
Yeah, I have. Yeah, I've seen I've seen a few of them.
I liked the first one because it was kind of novel in that you know, you were waiting to see what the twist was, or like if there was a twist, or how they were going to get out of it. So I think it was It was a simple but effective plot.
I like watching comedies, action, dramas sometimes. When I get spare time I like double into something new like documentaries or biopics.
They're entertaining to me, I like the aspect of being like action a lot because there's a lot of things going on at once, and when there's a lot of things going on, it catches my attention. Like I have to know what's going to happen next.
Specific film I really enjoyed recently was Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse.
It was different. It was a different animation. It It was like a different cartoon kind of a movie. It had elements of comic books in it, and it explored a different super a Spider-Man that everybody wasn't used to, and it told a different story, instead of the same old story. And it dabbled into like the multiverse and different universes in the world.
I don't like thriller or horror movies at all. That's about it.
I did not like I don't like any of the Chucky movies at all.
I like action films, drama, mystery.
Well, often I want just simple entertainment, but then sometimes if it's a drama, I like intelligent dialog, serious situations, that sort of thing.
The Man for All Seasons. Now that indeed was a serious drama, and I like the intelligent dialog in it.
Well overall, it was well acted. The action was very believable. You got to understand the characters' motivation, so it was a very compelling story.
I I don't like horror films, although I do like Vincent Price, so occasionally I would watch one of those, but normally I don't like horror films. I also usually don't like animation, and actually, even though I like comedy, I don't like probably most comedy films.
I I feel they're too simple. They're sort of geared toward the lowest element, as far as the situation and dialog goes, so they lack the sophistication  The old classic comedies had more meaningful situations than today.
I Yeah, I I guess maybe because I had seen such good reviews for it, that I was expecting more from it than I actually got. I didn't particular care for it.
Yes, I I like that. Once again, that that was a good drama with good characters good character personalities in it.
Ranges from science fiction, comedy, action-adventure, political thriller, thriller, horror to an extent. The only, really, I I've even I used to not like Westerns, and I even like Westerns now. The only thing, really, I don't like are like Hallmark-type sappy movies. And maybe some rom-coms. Or musicals musicals too I don't mind.
I think it's the imagination in the the the thing that people like about going to the movies it transports you to a different world. First, at least that mean obviously for the science fiction genre. But it's a way to I can really lose myself in the stories and the excitement whereas the genres I don't like For musicals there's not much plot usually, and I don't like the way stories are told through the music. I feel like it loses the point. It's not something that I enjoy. I don't like the songs usually and I think that's what most people like about those movies.
Let's see. Well, recently just cuz it the third one just came out but the and I didn't really say it but animated movies like Pixar-type movies How to Train Your Dragon, that series is a underappreciated series I think in comparison to like Toy Story and other Pixar movies. Toy Story would also be up there for me in terms of movies I like or a movie series I like.
I want to say it's called It's kind a bit of musical. Across the Universe or it's the one where I forgotten the name. It's something with universe, and I think it's Beatles reference, because all the songs in the movie are Beatles songs. But, it's like a romantic story or something. Which also, I don't really like romantic comedies. I'm not sure it's a comedy, but it's definitely a musical. And I I just But name a musical, and I I probably do not like it. Little Shop Horrors, I didn't like. Though, parts of it, I kind of liked. I liked the plot of it. I just didn't like the music of it.
That's right. I like The Beatles music but not in a movie form. I think it's just repetition of it. It gets tiresome. Like if there's one song or two songs in the movie, maybe I can that's fine. But when it's like every 5-10 minutes or whatever, it breaks down to it gets tiresome. But I also don't like to listen to the same type of music. Like I don't listen to a whole album because I get bored by the end of it. So, it's probably just my preferences or you know.
Yes, its it it will be on it would be up there in terms of one of my favorite movies.
I like science fiction movies. I like science fiction movies because they always have interesting stories, and they deal with crazy new technologies or futuristic technologies.
Blade Runner, I really like Blade Runner a lot.
It's It's about cyborgs and it has Harrison Ford in it and I really like that and he's a bounty hunter and I've really liked the concept of bounty hunters. I think it's fun.
A movie that I don't like Let see, a movie that I don't like was the Love, Actually
Well I thought I thought it was really cheesy. I mean, I think the story was silly, and then And it's also just about Christmas, which I don't really like Christmas movies that much.
I like the Ocean's Eleven, and I thought it was fun. It's It's fun how they get the get the whole group together.
So, about Ocean's Eleven I thought I thought although I liked it I thought the I thought the ending could have been better. I mean, so I didn't I didn't like how they They spent too much time I think pulling the team together, even though that part was fun. It just kind of It's almost the whole movie. And then another thing I did not like was you you only get to see how they did everything at the very end.
I haven't seen Crazy Rich Asians, I have heard a lot about it though.
I would I would go see it. I mean I don't have anything against it.
Actually, I did not like that movie very much.
I don't like the acting of Andy Serkis. I think he looks like he's mimicking an ape instead of them just using features that facial expressions an ape would make, and I also thought that the plot was stupid.
I don't know about that movie. I have not heard of it.
Yeah, I liked that movie. It was incredible.
I like action, and I like dialog, and I like the quality of actors. If that means anything.
Well, no, cuz I like a surprise ending, so the ending doesn't have any impact on me.
because That's what I like. I don't know. It's just my taste, I guess.
I'd have to say the one who flew over the cuckoo's nest. Have you ever watched it? It's very good.
It is comical, for one, and has one of my favorite actors in it, for two, and
I have to go with Denzel Washington. He's my favorite actor as of right now. And I like Matt Damon. He's good.
I have. Very good movie. I've highly recommend it.
I do. When it comes out online, I plan on getting right on it and watching it that very day.
I don't like a love story, I think they're boring. And am just not the love story kind of a guy, I think they're chick flick, you know.
Maybe if you got like action so I might do it if they have good mixture, and yes. And mystery. It had a little bit of mystery in it too, you know.
I like The Hunger Games. I watched them all. They were all pretty good.
Who doesn't like Dumb and Dumber? That's very funny. I mean Jim Carrey in it was excellent.
Sci-Fi superhero fantasy
Cuz they're really exciting and different than real life.
Chronicles of Riddick
Cuz Vin Diesel's awesome, and it was a really good movie. very cohesive plot, at least I thought. I know other people didn't like it.
I can't think of one. No. Not that I can think of off the top of my head now.
Yes, saw that. That was okay. Leonardo DiCaprio
I like Escapism. I'm a tech and I work in computers and So, futuristic stuff appeals to me. It's different than real life. It's kind of for better or worse, it's in the future.
I like comedy movies.
I like to laugh out loud and enjoy them with friends
One movie is Panama Express.
I like the kind of crude humor with references to modern culture.
I don't really like romance
They're a little too sappy for my liking. I like to be either serious or laughing.
I can't think of one right now.
Yes
I think anything with either has some action or explosions, just cuz on the big screen that you know, that's something you really get to It feels like you're experiencing it. Or something with a good plot, like a thriller or something with a surprise ending, kind of like the movie Se7en, something like that.
Well, at this time of the year I always try to watch Die Hard probably 100 times.
I think it's the how realistic it is. It doesn't feel dumb. It feels like a guy would actually be making these decisions. He's not doing anything stupid. He's trying to It's a normal guy in a extraordinary situation, and he has to figure out his way out, and everything in it feels natural or I mean, it's heightened, cuz it is an action movie, but it It It doesn't make you feel dumb watching it, which a lot of action films I think do.
Well more recently, The Cloverfield Paradox on Netflix, which I I tend to like sci-fi, which is why I And I like the Cloverfield movies, but Cloverfield Paradox just was It didn't make any sense. It clearly felt like a It had a good cast. It had It looked good, but it was clearly a dump by the studio cuz it is not a good movie. It just didn't work, and I felt like I got suckered in by marketing.
Yes and I like all assuming you mean the Tarantino remaker version of the of the movie and yes I like pretty much any Tarantino movies.
Tarantino movies or Inglourious Basterds?
rapid fire kind of dialog and there's sterilized dialog with the violence. And you can tell that he really love the what he is doing that and I think that comes in the screen and the dialog and the characters and the way it's acted. And the stories are usually just simple but unique in their own way. Like Pulp Fiction is, you know, revolutionized movies and are not and many are story telling kind of way and, yeah. It's You never know what you are going to get but you also kind of knows it feels familiar. Like every Tarantino film feels like a Tarantino film and but you never know what he is going to do next. And so it's always a fun little adventure with him.
I like comedy cuz I like to laugh a lot and have fun.
Oh my gosh. methinks The Spy Who Dumped Me Deadpool, Game Night
Well, Crazy Rich Asians had like a romantic vibe to it and made me laugh.
No.
I can't think of one. Maybe Juno? It's been that long
I guess it's the storyline and I thought it was more dumb than than funny.
Yes.
I like the suspense.
I don't recall seeing that one.
No.
It was all right. I don't think I saw the whole thing.
All the characters I guess I liked Loki.
Well it was fantasy. I like the fantasy element.
No.
I didn't see it, and I don't recall it.
No.
Yes. It came out last year.
It's a Christian movie, and it's clean.
comedy movies
They're really entertaining, and they make me laugh.
Billy Madison
It's funny, and the storyline's pretty good.
Its about a guy that proves to himself, and his father, and friends, and family that he can go back to school and succeed.
Probably Titanic.
It just wasn't the genre of movie that I like.
No. I mean, it it just wasn't really the kind of movie I like to watch.
Yeah. That's really good.
Yes, I'm a superhero movie fan.
The storyline I can relate to, and they're really entertaining.
I like how engaging they are.
No.
I really like dramas. I don't like every single drama but I do like that that they can take sort of a slice of life and make something special out of it. Dramas are usually the most realistic and the most ordinary type of movies that you can go and see. So, there are makers who can make something special out of sort of an ordinary is quite an accomplishment and enjoyable to watch.
Sure. Good Will Hunting is one of my favorite movies.
Sure. The cast is excellent. The writing is superb. It is really It was so original and so insightful for who the characters were. Very And the movie was incredibly endearing and incredibly touching.
Sure. I don't like the Titanic.
Sure. It is an epic film, and to me, it doesn't do well with its epicness. It is rather ordinary, and the two main characters, while likable, would have been better suited for something of a smaller scale, despite the overall grand nature of the story they were trying to tell in the historical aspect. And the other thing is that it just It's It's so such a over hyped movie and it's just, I don't know, ordinary. It's not something that's overly enjoyable and it's nothing that you want to keep watching over and over again. It having a good soundtrack or two likable characters out of, I don't know, a hundred isn't something that you should should get loaded over so much.
I do.
Sure. Insurgent is a sequel to Divergent and it I like the first one and the second one is very good. It is a good a really good continuation of the of the story and it's a a nice sort of second look into the characters that we met the first time but in a really showing them in a completely different not a completely different make but in a different light that we saw first one In the first one they were battling for something competitively different than in the second one even thought they are related, so it really did carry a long the imagery well. It was very enjoyable.
I haven't seen Interstellar.
I have.
I would, but it's probably something that I would It's more likely that I would see with a friend who wanted to see it more than I did.
Yeah, I I like Star Wars movies. Yes.
Sure. It is Star Wars mythology and the world that they create is really something special, and this definitely continues that. The other thing is that it's just It's quite a world that they've created, so it's exciting. So it really is a nice escape, and it's incredibly detailed, so it helps to sort of create this other world. It's a lot to follow, but it is enjoyable.
It's not my favorite. No.
Sure. I think it was poorly thought out. I think the So I think it was poorly thought out, and the writing, because it was poorly thought out, suffered. Like they didn't They knew they were trying to do a movie that included both characters, so they were trying for something interesting, but they didn't have anything that really connected them that warranted making a movie.
I like dramas.
Yes.
I like the fantasy aspect of it and it's just like a different world that was fun to watch.
Cameron The Miseducation of Cameron Post
I think it was fun because I'm in a gay community and I think it was an accurate interpretation of what's happening. And how it goes about how I believe that, the rightness of coming out.
I did not like Sorry to Bother You.
I thought it was inappropriate, and it wasn't realistic, and it just made me feel weird. I thought it could have been really simplified.
Yes, I have. I loved it.
My favorite kinds of movies are romantic comedies.
Sure, like Notting Hill it is Sort of heart-warming and funny, and it has a happy ending. And the romance is always fun to watch develop and play out. I really like the lightheartedness and the comedy of the movies. I There's sort of enough bad things going on in the world, that I don't need to watch a ton of it in a movie. So, I like lighter, funnier comedies, and romantic comedies are my favorite kind of
Sure. So like Love Adores is a easily one of the worst movies I have ever seen in my life. It is It has actually a very good cast, but the script and whatever they are trying to do in a movie is so flawed. That one is an approach where they have two women who are sort of friends and they are traveling together and they're embarking on sort of a new part of their life, but to say it doesn't work is an understatement. It's It's very bizarre. It sort of starts as like a romantic comedy and turns into a bit of a thriller, which It's based on a book, and I never read the book, so I don't think that's how the book turns out, but it's completely unexpected and not how they sold the movie. And So that was bad writing, really bad directing, and just a bad idea in general, despite having Sort of a well known and trustworthy cast to pull it off, but you can't pull off something that's this bad.
I have.
I love that kind of movie.
I like action movies because they get me hyped and pumped up.
Die Hard
I enjoyed the acting story and the type of characters in the movie itself.
I didn't enjoy Casino very well.
I thought that the movie was just way too long and the story was too complicated of all.
Yes.
I thought the special effects were fantastic, and I thought the acting overall was very believable.
Yes I do.
I really enjoyed the action scenes and I thought the story was excellent overall.
Yes, I do.
I thought the story and characters in the movie was great overall.
Yes, I do.
I really enjoyed the special effects, and I like seeing the the mixture of different type of characters in this movie.
Hello.
Dramas, mostly.
If they are written well then the story and the character are usually engaging and I find it to be a good exploration of the human condition.
Yeah, Her.
I loved that it was I mean, even in a somewhat not too distant future or whatever, with a lot of technological convenience and you know, relative prosperity, that people can still end up alone somehow. I think that's incredibly valuable and worth exploring.
Sure. Let's say the 50 Shades series. I didn't like any of those.
I thought that the I think that the material is terrible. I think that it should not have been green lit either as a book or as a movie. And, I am disappointed in at least American audiences that it has made as much money as it has as a series.
Yeah, I did.
I Well truthfully, I really enjoy seeing the visual effects and the sound design. I'm always I'm always mesmerized by the things that you know, visual artists and animators are able to come up with. Plus there's sort of an element of I like to put myself in the shoes of a superhero and imagine that I'm them, but I don't get too carried away with stuff like that, usually.
You're welcome.
I like action movies
Because of the guns.
the scenes
Tropic Thunder
the actors and the action. Robert Downey Jr.'s really good in it, and so is Jack Black.
The stage set up and the coloring.
I don't like any of the Halloween movies.
I just don't I they're really cheesy. I think that they could be more fleshed out, better written. I think that a lot of like the things that people like about those movies are the things that turn me off about it.
I haven't seen that movie, so I can't comment on it.
Yeah, I like that movie.
I like the action and I like how it was shot.
Yes.
I like the action scenes, I like the actors, I like the director, and I like how it was shot.
I like romantic comedies. I like comedies and dramas.
Oh, I can just relate to them. They keep my interest. They make me forget about you know, my real problems in life.
Nothing specific. I just really like them all.
Let me think about that for a minute I didn't really like. Crazy Stupid Love, that was not a very good movie.
The acting wasn't very good and it wasn't very convincing.
I haven't but I heard it was good.
Die Hard I saw it long time ago. Yeah, I've seen that.
Now I watch a lot of different types of movies, but I like mysteries and thrillers quite a bit.
The last one I watched was called Prisoners.
It just had an unexpected twist at the end that I didn't see coming.
Can't really think of any off the top of my head that I saw recently that were disappointing.
Nope.
Yep.
I guess I liked that it was a comic book movie about not a standard like superhero. It wasn't like a Superman or a Batman or like one of the more famous ones. And it had Paul Rudd, and I like Paul Rudd a lot, so that was a plus.
Yes, I have.
I like drama films, and I also like films about sports
I like their plot. I like the romance in them. You know, it's interesting you should ask that, because I I really do enjoy the drama films. And they go back to like the core of acting too, like there's not a whole lot of like action in there. Like I really liked About Schmidt. I don't know if you could call that a drama film, but there's a lot of drama in that film.
The deadpan acting from the lead character is really funny. Well, the film is a lot funnier than people like actually think it is. Some of it Some of it did get a little like over the top like the guy the like before the wedding he took like a ton of prescription pills and like that's not realistic. But it was really really funny.
Yeah, I didn't like Jeez, The Bye Bye Man I really didn't like. Just such a stupid idea. I heard one of my co-workers say like, oh, it's a bad film. It's a bad film. It's a really pathetically named film. It's really awful. I'm like, all right, I should go see it. Then. Of course I go see it and it turns out to be absolutely a hot pile of garbage.
Yeah, absolutely. She was absolutely right.
No, I haven't heard of that movie. I don't watch like a lot of new movies, I don't really watch a lot of. I like some of the older movies, but I I really haven't watched movies in a long time.
No, I haven't seen that movie.
No, I haven't seen Black Swan. I've seen Oh, The Burmese Harp. I saw I saw The Burmese Harp.
That was a really good movie. That was a piece on when the Japanese invaded I think Indonesia back in the '40s or '50s like during World War II. It follows this guy who like finds this Buddhist monk and they play the harp. There is no real harp in it, but they do sing like Home Sweet Home. It's a period piece, it's really gorgeously done. I thought it was really good. It's dubbed in English. It's not dubbed like it has subtitles in English. I think it's spoken in Japanese.
The ending, oh, the ending was was really good. Like, I think he goes home. I don't think there's like a love interest in the story per se. It's about war, you know, it's about war. And he goes on this beach once. I think it ends it ends on a ship with his like wise Buddhist giving a statement of like He might be reading, no, he's reading he's reading the guys that he's reading the protagonist letter as all the Japanese troops on the ship go home.
comedy I like funny movies.
The Hot Chick. My favorite comedy is The Hot Chick.
A movie that I watched recently that disappointed me? That's a hard one, I have to think about that. Maybe the movie Samson.
How they treated Samson so badly.
The Matrix. I've seen bits and pieces of it. It's pretty old.
It's not that I don't like. I just never really got into it. I've only seen bits and pieces. I mean, Keanu Reeves is pretty good looking. What's there not to like?
drama, fantasy, documentaries. Sometimes family, but that's about it.
The storytelling if it's pretty good. I like how detailed and creative that people can get with different characters and different plot making, so I think you can really make up a lot of stuff.
Well, Back to the Future, the whole trilogy, I guess.
Just the storytelling and the characters and how over time like what happened. Like it was a lot of surprises, and the heroism of the main characters
I guess Super Troopers, cuz it was kind of one of those movies that the comedy wasn't as good as it could have been, and it was It just really wasn't funny. It was corny and dorky, and how they initiated and executed like you know, just parts of the story of So it wasn't that great.
Yes. First one.
I'm I'm glad that they included a lot of the characters that are a part of the comics and But, they could have made the part a little bit better towards the end. I didn't like the outcome and But the second one is better. But yeah, the first one was kind of I didn't really care. I saw bits I saw more bits of the second one. I didn't see all of it, but from what I saw, it was better.
I've not seen the Space Odyssey.
No. I don't think I've heard of that.
I haven't seen that one yet. I heard the end of it wasn't that great. Like Spider-Man dies or something.
Not really. I'm more interested in like the single comic book characters like Batman, like Dark Knight. I saw those. Superman one was okay. Like Man of Steel. Captain America
I like I like how they built up the story and how he went to the army and just the cinematics of it was very good.
It went into more details in his story. They were like like the new Spider-Man: Homecoming I think with the the kind of I don't know. It was cheesy. It wasn't like more serious, like even the first The second one with Andrew Garfield was pretty good. It showed Gwen Stacy instead of Mary Jane, so but they were still both serious installments.
I enjoyed it. That was pretty good talking about some movies. I hope you enjoy rest of your day.
I like action movies. They are sort of exciting, usually fun and really quite an escape from, you know, your real life. It's usually not something you are going to be encountering. So it's really an experience you are not going to be you can really embrace yourself and and not think, "Oh, this is real life and it's about to happen." So it's it could be a lot of fun, very exciting And sort of a real thing you can immerse yourself in for a few hours.
Sure. I love Bourne Ultimatum.
Sure. Bourne Ultimatum is a excellent movie on literally every front. It is a excellent acting, excellent writing, excellent direction. The direction is usually overlooked but the directing is phenomenal and it helps make the movie absolutely perfect. It is a very tight movie. There is barely a a a second that is wasted. and I don't know. Let's say the movie is like 2 hours or 2 hours and 20 minutes or something. It feels like it goes by so quickly because it's just It has such a rhythm to it, and you're just immersed and involved with what's going on. And it's a character you can root for, and just people you like And this is a continuing series, so you really know the character already, and you're really there to root them on.
Yes, unlike so many I did not like Dark Knight.
Sure, Dark Knight is a Batman movie, and Batman already had an original, and it's so the problem of Dark Knight for me is is not true to the comic, and we saw a movie that was great and true to the comic. So, I don't like the joker character, it's not that bad. Keith Ledger was bad as the joker necessarily, not exactly, it's that it was not written very poorly. It was so dark. So the two things I really don't like are it wasn't funny which is what the joke was supposed to be and the writing was extremely disappointing and very dark so just it was a a just bad all around for me.
That's not a movie I have seen, but it's the kind of movie that I would like, that's a superhero movie.
Oh God! No.
Sure. I don't like horror movies, so I don't like scary things, and I don't like sort of things that are meant to just sort of scare and gross you out, which is what The Purge is trying to do.
I'm not sure I know that movie.
I don't think so.
It kind of sounds like something that I would see, yes! It does.
I like the Nutcracker. I'm not sure what the Four Realms is. I was at the new one. Yes, that would be something that I would see.
No.
Sure. First real reason is I am not a Harry Porter reader therefore not really a Harry Porter fan and in general I don't like fantasy movies not a rule but they're not my favorite type of movies.
I really love comedy movies.
You know there's a lot of stress in life and I just like to kickback, put on a funny movie and just laugh a lot.
I really love road trip.
The characters getting in a lot of silly situation and I just pretty much laugh the entire situation.
I don't like Paul Blart: Mall Cop.
Didn't really like the main character and just the entire situation of the movie just didn't really sit with me.
I have.
It was really interesting to see a character completely oblivious in serious situations, and I laughed a lot during the movie.
I like the really like the thrillers, you know, stuff like Memento or you know, something that's got some twists and turns in it. Maybe it makes you think it's going to end one way and then ends the other. I like The Sixth Sense or that Gone Girl was pretty good, even though it was kind of It was kind of easy to tell it was going, but it was still still pretty good. Also trying to think of another one.
Yeah, The Usual Suspects, because Mainly because I really When I watched it the first time, it's one of those movies that you can't really I mean, you can watch it more than once, but you The first time you watch, you won't know the twist, so it really kind of grabs you. And with that one, I really didn't have any clue. I mean, usually you might have some kind of inkling of what's going to happen, but with that movie to me, it just really kind of grabbed me, and I was like, man It left me kind of speechless at the end.
I liked that I didn't I couldn't predict the ending of it. You know, like I said just a second ago. You know, it was really a unique movie, and you know, just had a a great ending that you really just did not expect at all.
I wasn't a huge fan of the Harry Porter movies. It's not that I didn't enjoy them so much, it's just, I don't know, I just wasn't I never read the books I guess I just wasn't as interested in them as everybody else. I actually I don't think I've seen all of them to be honest. I never watched the first couple.
Oh. I don't know. It's nothing really particularly You know, not any one particular thing. To me, they were just kind of boring and I don't know. I mean I It's odd because I generally like those kinds of types of things, but to me something I guess maybe if I would have read the books as a kid, then I would probably you know like it more. But it just wasn't all that interesting to me.
Yeah, I actually haven't seen it. I'm not a big horror movie kind of guy, either. But I heard it was good. I probably will watch it. Like I said
I might Netflix it. I didn't go see it when it was out, or I don't know. You know, now that you're saying it, maybe I should go to the box and rent it tonight, cuz I'm pretty sure it's up there. But I had heard it was good. It just didn't It's just not my kind of thing, really.
Is that the one With the Nazis and zombies, I think. If it is, I haven't seen it. I think I saw the preview for it at something I went to not too long ago. Yeah, it's not generally something I would probably go to the movies and see. But I would probably I think it was either directed by Eli Roth or If it's the one I'm thinking about, or he was a producer. So I probably would watch that one, but no, that's not something that I would go to the theaters and see.
Yeah, I saw that. I've seen all the Thors. I like it. The last one I thought was really good, probably the best of all of them.
Just the hero kind of thing and you know I like the moral universe movies, they are really good
Maybe sci-fi and action, probably my two favorites.
I don't know. It tends to be I guess the most interesting to me. It's difficult to explain exactly why that would be. But I'll think of something else. I'm interested in future and technology, so perhaps it relates to that.
The Matrix jumps to mind.
It was really good, the action was great, the dialog was good but most importantly the concept was pretty unique and interesting and
I have never really liked any horror movies, with possibly one exception for The Ring, which was pretty good. But for the most part I would pass on all those.
They are just terrible, I don't understand why anyone would like them. Why would you want to scare yourself?
Deadpool I think had a couple of sequels. I think I saw the first one, but I'm not sure if I'm getting it confused with one of the later ones.
I like comedy and action, sci-fi, animation, and horror movies.
They get you into them that you feel involved in the movie when you watch it.
Right now am watching Skyscraper. And I liked the the Marvel movies as well.
I haven't seen all of it yet but it looks interesting.
I don't like too much the medieval movies, you know and stuff like Harry Potter. I wasn't that big into and and stuff from that age in time.
It depends what the fantasy movies are about. And I'm not into Western movies, either.
No, I haven't seen that one, yet.
Yes.
I might get to it eventually. It seems interesting.
No, I have not seen that one.
Yes, I like that one. That was good.
They make you feel involved in the movie, and you're interested in watching them. You don't get bored, and you don't feel like you want to get up and and do stuff around the house, or anything.
I guess just ones that are kind of boring and make you wish you were doing something else instead of sitting there watching it.
I like action movies.
I like romance movies.
Let's see. I like The Terminator.
What stood out to me the most was the time travel.
I also like how machines are as smart as the humans.
No, that's it.
I think I like all the movies I watched.
Yeah. Yeah, The Avengers, yeah, it was pretty good. I liked it.
It was There was a lot of superheroes and action in the movie, and a lot of fighting, and that was fun to watch.
I don't think so.
I didn't watch it.
I don't know what it's about.
Never watched it.
Yeah, I watched that I watched that before. I liked it.
I like the magic and the fantasy genre, and the setting.
I really like superhero movies.
Yes. I would say X2, like X-Men 2 is probably my favorite of the superhero movies.
Superhero movies are sort of like action films but with a different storyline, a different lore, based off of the comic book, so it has The movie has great action, but also for a very kind of important and engaging storyline, and really well-developed characters. That's the big difference about superhero movies and regular action, is the are incredibly well-developed because of the source material, so it makes for a very interesting movie. Usually very entertaining, very engaging, and a great escape.
I'm not a big fan of Captain America.
I don't really like the colors of the movie. I found them too I found the movie boring and the colors to add to the boringness. I think in general he's just not my favorite superhero, but it's made worse by just how sort of mundane everything about him is and how in comparison especially to other movies. It's not that exciting, so I don't know it's just sort of every time I try to watch it, I fall asleep. It It's It just bores me.
Yes.
I think I would, especially if a friend wanted to go and see it. I think I would.
Oh, yes. Of course.
Yes. Iron Man is one of my favorites, superhero or otherwise. It is great casting, really exciting and fun scenes and fun and exciting action, so it really works. The weakest part of the story line is the first half hour, and on a rewatch, it makes way more sense than it did on the first time I watched it, so I just enjoy the entire movie now.
Okay. I personally like dramas.
the looking glass
I love the plot, the acting was superb, the direction was pretty good, I like the writing, and altogether, the reception that it had in reality.
I did not like Halloween.
I don't like bloody movies and that one it's also like seeing really fake to me. If it's going to be a horror movie it needs to be based in reality.
Yes. Yes, I have.
I thought it was pretty not a real story that could really happen, and I don't like how they mixed up the reality with the fantasy.
Yeah, I like horror movie and action movies.
There's incredible There's guns, action, excitement.
Saving Private Ryan is one of my favorite movies.
It It was an epic depiction of world War II.
musicals
They annoy me. I like movies that have a theme that isn't being sang.
A specific movie I didn't like? The newest Ghostbusters in 2016.
Yeah, that's correct.
I like all kinds, but I really particularly like drama you know, like feel good movies. You know, Something like Forest Gump. Something with a good story and you know, it just kind of leaves you with a good feeling at the end.
You know, it's just the escape of it all, and a good drama has just enough reality in it to to, you know, make you think it could happen to you, you know, it's kind of believable. It's not like a lot of the fantasy, we totally like some of those too, but, you know, it's the drama you can almost picture yourself in the movie a lot of times or people you know and stuff like that. Kind of easy to relate to.
How he kind of fell into all that stuff that he did, like he didn't really plan it. He just It just kind of happened to him. It's hard not to like that movie.
I don't know about a particular movie. I'm not a big fan of documentaries, usually. I mean, unless it's like Some of these true crime ones are kind of good. Like Making a Murderer, but it's not a movie, but it's you know, a series. Something like that is is I do like those, but just not Some of the other ones. You know, I'm just not a big fan of watching animals or You know, rain forest and stuff like that. I kind of like you know You know, just regular type movies.
I've seen all the Die Hards. I think there's a new one coming out. And even though the last one really wasn't very good, although it did have Timothy Olyphant in it, I will definitely see the the next one. I'll keep watching them probably as long as they make them, cuz they're just so fun. It's a Christmas movie, you know, the first one.
Well, the first one's Just the story was You know, I mean it was kind out there, but it was Bruce Willis probably the main reason I like them. I'm a fan of his, and the first one was just very clever, and the dialog and you know, the quippy remarks, all the crazy stuff that he did. It was just a fun movie to watch and You know, mainly coz they are fun they're just fun movies. I mean you know they could nothing like that could ever happen but its just fun to watch it on TV or on the screen.
Yes, I like to watch action movies.
They're fun. They're exciting.
Die Hard
I liked the end. fact that Bruce Willis's character was a real person, not a comic book character or anything like that, just a real guy in a difficult situation.
I enjoy all types of movies.
No. There is no type of movie that I don't like. I watch anything.
Yes, I have.
Well, the entire thing was great. Just very well plotted, well written, clever. Morgan Freeman was great in it. I'd love to see it again.
I like watching both war movies and documentaries.
I would say The King of Kong, The Fistful of Quarters, that was a pretty good movie.
I enjoyed that it was something that was a bit obsecure. Like when most people when they think of video games they're not thinking Well, most people are not thinking of arcades. So, when I think of a video game documentary, I don't think of arcades games. I don't think of competitive arcade games, so that kind of shone some light on on that whole scene that I'd never knew existed. And you know, it was pretty cool. Like they even You know, I they kind of dramatized it a little bit, which, I mean, was whatever. But it was also kind of a nice twist because it it made it a little more entertaining, without necessarily Overdoing anything?
I didn't care too much for The Wizard of Oz. Just because it I get that it's an old movie so like I understand. It comes from a different time but it just didn't really resonate with me all that well.
I didn't like the cliche plot line which, again, I'm sure at the time it wasn't cliche because it's such an old movie, but like to me nowadays just kind of seemed cliche. It was I don't know. Just like I said, it didn't really resonate with me. It's not to say it was a bad movie. I just didn't really like it.
I like action movies and comedies.
Because of the guns and the fast cars, the cool actors. They are extremely interesting. They're never boring. They're always fast paced. That's why I like action movies.
Yes, I like the action movie Twister.
Because it was relevant to actual things that are that are actually happening, natural disaster, something that we face every day. It was realistic, that's why I liked that movie.
I did not like the movie Deep Impact. It was overdramatic.
It was extremely overdramatic and it wasn't very realistic. And that was the biggest reason that I didn't like the movie, was that it was not realistic.
Forrest Gump was a very emotional movie. It had a character that was you could cheer for and root for, and you hoped he would succeed. I think that's what I like the most about Forrest Gump, is it was a very true and authentic story. It was a beautiful story.
I enjoy family, fantasy and mysteries.
I just like the fantasy part where you can enjoy watching something that is not common or doesn't really happen and the idea of that being able to happen one day.
One of my favorite movies was something I watched as a child and it's still is one of my favorite movies The NeverEnding Story.
I just thought it was a great movie, it was a good family movie. There was nothing unclean in it, makes you use your imagination. It was interesting and fun.
I do not like musicals.
I just don't like that type of When I'm watching a movie, I just mainly want to watch a movie. I don't enjoy the that type of singing, and it has it too often in a movie for my personal preference.
I have.
I liked the supernatural part of it, the vampires and that fantasy part of the movie. And there was also a bit of a love story in it. I enjoy that.
I thought it was a good movie it has a lot of magical and things in it that So, it's fun to think about that kind of world.
I like comedies a lot.
They're just funny, and they make you Like if you're in a bad mood, they help you feel better. They're just really like enjoyable movies to watch.
I mean, it's just It's one of the funniest movies I've ever seen, and it's really quotable, and has Bill Murray and Rodney Dangerfield and Chevy Chase. It's just a really good movie. It's really funny.
I'm not a big horror movie person.
I think it's mostly just how much they use jump scares. Like if there's horror movies that don't use jump scares that only use one or two I fine with it, but I hate jump scares. I need horror movies that rely on them. I can't stand watching.
I saw the Santa Claus. For real the kids and I hated that movie. That was the first thing that came to mind.
It wasn't funny and it just wasn't a good Christmas movie. Ideally I like Christmas movie and I like the first Santa Claus. I never saw the second one, but the third one was just awful.
No, I have not.
Yeah, I've seen Aladin.
That's one of my favorite Disney movies. It's funny, and the music's really good. It's just I don't know. It's a movie I always like watching. It's always enjoyable.
Hello.
Sure, go ahead.
I like sci-fi.
I really like the movie Inception.
I like I like how they portray a world that could be our own. You know It's not exactly fantasy, because it could actually be It could actually happen in our near future. You know, I just feel like I feel like I could get lost in the movie, in the story line and I just forget about my own boring life.
Thank you. Thank you so much for that.
I really I don't like romantic comedies. I really don't like that movie Maid in Manhattan with Jennifer Lopez. I think it's such a bad movie. It's not funny. It's not entertaining at all. It was I just found it really boring and generic and just I wasn't interested. I was just really bored.
Yes, I have, and I did not like it too much. It was I found it to be weird. I found it to be really, really weird.
This wasn't what I expected it to be, it was weird and a little bit gross.
Yeah, that's what I was thinking. I agree with you.
Yes, I have. I was pleasantly surprised with that movie. I I watched it knowing that it received a lot of Academy Awards nomination, and you know, I sat there with a open mind, and I really enjoyed it. I really liked it.
You, too. Bye-bye.
Yeah, I'm a big fan of um I saw E.T. I saw that a long time ago, but I really like it Oh, I saw The Iron Giant a long time ago, too. It was just some of the movies I remember from my childhood, and I really like those. I think they're really cool.
You Know The animation style is good. It was a very touching story. I remember watching on VHS with my parents, and we would always have popcorn with it and We would watch that and That was a good movie. The ending was good. But yeah, I mean, I like I just saw a Mr. Rogers documentary too, and I thought that was really really cool.
Yeah, I do. I really do. I like the documentary I've seen the Planet Earth documentaries a little bit, and I've definitely watched those, and I saw those on the science channel. I like the the nature documentaries. I like those. I like going out and seeing stuff. I was just in Phoenix, and I saw the botanical gardens down there, and they were gorgeous. It's a gorgeous place down there.
That's a good question, asking me what surprised me. I would say Stockholm Pennsylvania, and it was really surprising to see how closely he touched the children and how much they like bonded with him, even as adults. So yeah, that was what's surprising about that.
You know, I just watched I just found a movie I watched a long time ago called death metal veins, and it's about these heroin addicts who are in like a Satanic band, and I thought that was a really good movie. It was very I needed a shower afterwards. Like people in their insanely like like It's incredible, with the people you'll live with on this Earth, you know? It's incredible to see like all the suffering and stuff in that. That was pretty creepy. And plus like it was it was shot like the people were actually I think I think the people were actually shooting heroin like I couldn't tell what parts were scripted and what parts were unscripted. So yeah, in generally I like horror movies.
If you ask me anything from 2018, like I probably haven't seen it cuz I just don't go to the movies. I've never heard of it before. I never heard of it.
Yeah, I heard it was at the Oscars or some awards show. But I usually don't go out and spend my money at at the movies.
Sometimes I really like sand and sword period pieces. I like them because you know, they usually have some sort of like historical content to them, and they're usually action-oriented, too.
Probably the best one that comes in mind is Ben-Hur.
Oh, it's totally epic. I mean, it's really like this incredible story that follows follows one man as he goes on an adventure, basically. I mean, it's It's tragic too, along the way. There's so many parts to it. The chariot race in it though is really memorable.
Let me think for a second, about a movie I did not like. Yeah, I don't know if I was really that big of a fan of Demolition Man.
Well, I thought the castings were kind of over the top, and I thought that the I thought that the story was kind of corny. It really felt forced.
I know of the franchise. I can't remember if I've seen it or not. I think I saw the first one in the series, but I don't remember how it goes.
I would possibly see that if I was in the right mood. It seems light and fun.
I liked both Vol. 1 and Vol. 2. I thought they were both really well done. I like I really like the ending to Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2.
I really liked how they treated the the character's father at the end. And I really liked just the humor. The humor of the movie was it was pretty funny all things considered.
You know what? I don't like that movie at all. I thought it was Yeah, I did not like it.
Hello.
I like action movies and science fiction movies.
Well, they are exciting and I've always liked science fiction, I like the imagination, the fantasy and all.
Yes. Yeah, I like You know have some excitement, and some other worldly adventures going on It keeps me from getting bored.
Oh yeah, The Matrix I love The Matrix. I love the whole series it was great.
Yeah, aliens was was okay. It was good. The first Alien was even better, I thought. I think that was a classic.
I'd have to say Interstellar.
Well it's a very thought-provoking movie and great sci-fi, but with a touch of possibility, and it's relevant to the world today.
Well it was a little sad, yes, but actually, you know for the future of mankind, it it held some possibilities anyway. And I would have liked liked it if the movie had continued, so we could see what happens next.
Romance and drama.
Oh, that bored me. You know, I need action, and drama can be a little bit boring, I can't think of another word much better than that.
I enjoy comedy movies.
They're funny. I love being in I love the laughs so, yeah.
This is the end, I guess?
romantic comedies or just romantic movies in general like those
Just corny, and I don't like it. Lovey dovey kind of movies.
Not really.
Yes, I have seen Stepbrothers.
It was hilarious. It's one of the best movies in the comedy genre.
I like several different types of movies.
I liked the film Black Swan, which is a drama.
I agree.
I really enjoyed the ballet in it, I thought it was very artistic and it was a story that was dark, but very intense and interesting.
I thought it was effective. It was intense, and it made it a more interesting film.
I can't think of one of the top of my head.
Is that an anime film?
Yes, I've heard of it. I believe I've seen it.
I don't generally like anime films but I enjoyed the story, and I thought the characters were interesting, and the direction was really good.
I like dramatic movies.
I like how they're all sad, profound.
Forrest Gump
He's just a good guy, and he just keeps on going.
Yeah.
Yeah. I didn't like Days of Thunder.
It's really cheesy, and I think Tom Cruise is weird.
Kind of, I'm not interested. I don't like spaceship movies.
I usually end up going to horror movies.
I really like The Witch.
It was more of a mystery than it was like a gore movie, as far as horror goes.
I like the setting, mostly. I was always interested in Colonial-era stuff.
Well. I prefer more cerebral movies, mystery related things. And I don't like things that Panda did, you know, Mass of the Innocents.
I didn't like Paranormal Activity. Anything found footage just feels wrong to me.
It feels like they're lying to the audience, and I can't get into it very well.
No, I have not.
I have.
I did.
I really like the setting in that movie and the overall feel. I had read the comic beforehand.
I really have discovered that I like horror movies a lot more than I thought I did. I'm a I'm a big fan of horror movies.
Well, it just kind of dawned on me that I really enjoy when there is a good horror movie. So, I guess, you know? It's It has been kind of a long term in the works. There There're a lot of bad horror movies out there, so you know? It's hard for me to find a lot of good ones that I like, but once I have started to watch more, I realized that I'm really into them.
One that I saw recently it was called The Witch. It's It was pretty interesting. I I hadn't seen a horror movie done like that before.
It's It takes place in on the frontier, so it's kind of a period piece but and and and it doesn't it doesn't rely on the kind of the tradition horror movie tropes too much.
A movie I didn't like, I did not like the movie Armageddon.
Yeah, the plot was kind of was kind of silly, and I thought the movie totally went of the rails toward the end. I mean It The premise was okay, and then you know, the buildup of them making the team was good, and then it just kind of was just totally goes off track and doesn't make sense.
I can't remember, I usually see most of those superhero movies. I I honestly don't think I can remember if I saw that one. I thought I did, I don't know I don't know.
I did see Ender's Game, and I also read the book, and I thought the movie did a good job with the subject. So I thought it was pretty close to how the how the book went.
I thought the performance of the of the the kids was pretty good. I mean child actors can be sometimes the performance can be not that great, and I thought these kids did a great jobs with their roles. They made it really believable.
I like comedies. I like Good dramas. Highly rated dramas. And then I like superhero movies.
Well comedies I like them if they're good, if they're clever, if they're funny. Dramas it usually has to have good a good story, good actors. Superhero movies, I mostly like the Marvel ones that come out, rather than DC. I think they do a good job with the Marvel movies.
Sure. Avengers: Infinity War is a movie that fits fits in the superhero genre. I just thought it was really well done. All the characters are funny and likable. It's a good story, and it all fits together really well.
Yeah. Justice League is another superhero movie. I didn't like it that much. I only like a couple directors of Batman, Superman, and Wonder Woman, but I didn't like some of the others. I didn't really find them any interesting. And also, it's a little bit corny it didn't it also didn't fit together very well. I thought the story was not great.
Yes.
No.
Is that the James Bond movie?
Yeah. I've seen that.
I did like Spectre, yeah.
The story was good, and I liked the characters. I like Christoph Waltz and I forget the name of the the actress that was in it, but that's good characters, good story all around, good action.
I like classics. You know, I like like Billy Wilder and Preston Sturges, old movies with black and white.
I like well-written screenplays, I like nice cinematography, I like good acting. I like movies that are intelligent and not stupid.
I like the screenplay, and I like that it is funny. It's funny and it's intelligent. I like the actors, too.
Forrest Gump
It's manipulative and it's boring.
I haven't seen it.
I don't know who that is.
I haven't seen that one.
I haven't seen it, but I think I would like it. I've read good reviews of it.
strong female character lead character And seems like it has an interesting plot.
I haven't seen it, but I want to.
No, I haven't seen it. No, not interested at all, it looks different.
I don't like Tom Cruise.
hahaha
You don't have to. He's He's annoying.
I don't know anything about that movie.
Yes, that is a great film.
great acting and characters that draw you in
I really like teen movies. They're usually They usually combine aspects of comedy and romantic comedy and sort of the best parts of when you were young, so it's usually sort of a light-hearted genre.
Yes. 10 Things I Hate About You is one of my favorite movies.
It is really well acted. It has For a teen movie in particular, it has really good acting, really good writing, and also a very interesting story line. It's actually based off of Shakespeare, so it has more to it in the story line than a typical teen movie might. And it's It's fun. It's funny. It definitely has This one definitely centers around romantic relationships. It has a ton of comedy in it, as well. So it flows really well, but in other interesting way And the casting across the board is really great.
Sure. Like I didn't like A teen movie I didn't enjoy? I didn't like Superbad that much.
So to me, this was a very hyped movie. It was touted as sort of like a a great teen film, and I was let down by it. It's not that it didn't have some funny lines. It did, but for the most part, they were already featured in the commercials. So the movie itself, it came I know it sounds strange to say for a teen movie, but it came across very juvenile. A little too simple. It seemed to be I don't know, going for what a teen movie what like adults think of what teens are doing. It was very simple and just it's just not that funny it's not something used for a teen movie. I usually love it and I re watch it a million times. I've never re watched Superbad and I have no plans to.
Yes.
I love singing and I love dancing, so High School Musical would have a lot of that. It would basically be the main thing that it would have, so that part of it would be great and I would be entertained by that part most likely.
Mostly like comedies and documentaries.
Because I go to the movies to forget about my day to day nonsense, and I just don't want to see anything serious.
My favorite is is a little film called Local Hero that was made about 30 years ago.
I'd say a Bill Forsyth film who made a bunch of smart comedies in the '80s and '90s and I think it's the best work that he did trickily a great performance by Burt Lancaster and Peter Riga.
A movie that I don't like. I'm trying to think of one in particular last or recently that that didn't impress me much. I wasn't crazy about The Greatest Showman.
It was just too over the top and had some working some trendy social themes and I didn't think the music really worked on. It was a bit of hacking and and it was all that wrong.
I'm not sure.
I saw Rocky years ago when it when it came out
Well, like I said I I mostly like comedies because it takes my mind off day to day things and I like the documentaries because I tend to just enjoy more factual nonfiction subject matter both in movies and in books.
I love comedy movies. I love a good laugh.
I don't I'm sure you've heard of it. Office Space.
That's a shame. You should watch it. It's really funny, and it it embodies and explains the corporate culture very well.
How realistic it is in a normal office setting. And the different and specific characters that are present. It was a like a masterpiece that was woven together into something that became timeless.
Yeah, I watched Nacho Libre. It's a movie with Jack Black. His movies usually are pretty funny, but it was just not funny. Didn't make me laugh. And I guess because it was about wrestling, it didn't catch my interest.
I have not.
Yes, I've seen Wonder Woman.
Yeah, I like superhero movies. Not all the time. But if it's a really good one, and it's has an interesting plot, then I'll certainly watch it. But I won't be the first one in line to watch it.
Action and comedy.
Chinatown
Has good acting, good plot, and some really good twists and turns.
I didn't like Pi.
There was just too many subliminal messages, and it makes the movie hard to follow. Those kinds of movies can be hard to follow. These movies are really hard to follow.
Probably not
It just doesn't seem interesting to me.
No
Too over the top, and it looks cheesy.
No problem. Okay.
I like funny movies like Clueless.
it's funny and nostalgic. I particularly like comedies from the '90s.
Clueless
I did like that film.
Yes.
That genre is fantasy.
I like supernatural that it's different from the every day, unique, unusual.
I'm not familiar with that film.
I really liked that film.
Tom Tom Hanks is one of my favorite actors. And I thought the story was really great.
Okay.
Sure, I would see that film.
Yes, I do.
I like the the musical, The Sound of Music.
I agree.
Yes, I like the music in the movies. I also like the combination of music and film together.
My favorites are comedy and horror.
I just I like to laugh and the one that comes to mind is Tucker & Dale vs. Evil.
It combines both the horror and the comedy. It's kind of dark.
More the really romantic I don't mind like romantic comedies, but it's just really tearjerker romantic ones.
I can't think of one off the top of my head for that, no.
No. What's that?
Yes.
Yeah, especially the first one. I I kind of got They got carried away with how many they made, I think. But it was definitely original idea at the time. I enjoyed it.
I just say it was current original at the time that there I don't remember seeing anything like that before.
Yes.
Yes.
Whenever I saw that, I was probably like 13 for the first time, and it just scares the bejeezus out of me. It It was great, especially I like to go camping, so that being out in the woods and stuff, in a cabin, it's really scary.
I really like foreign movies, just because it's something unique, and I really like it to focus on the story. You know, reading more on the subtitles. I really love horror the most followed by drama.
I really like Trainer Bastion.
The zombies were pretty like realistic and all the characters were really good, it it just felt like a real horror movie.
Thinking of movie I don't enjoy. I really don't like cheesy horror, so not anything particular just general. I like more serious horror.
Too much comedy. It really detracts from the story and de-escalates the mood.
Yes, I have.
I would.
Yes, I have.
Yes, I would.
Yes. I've heard of the Conjuring, and I liked it very much.
It was really scary. Graphics are really really cool and and it's just a really unique universe.
Sci-fi movies.
Usually the stories are pretty crazy, lot's fun technology, people flying around
Dr. Strange It had fun magic combined with science type of thing. The story was really good.
great actor
Bright.
The story didn't seem to flow really well. It was kind of hard to get into. Really out there, so they didn't ease you into it. Also, the acting wasn't great.
Never seen it.
I haven't seen it.
Yeah, they are all right.
Spy movies, so fun-ish story. The action, the fighting scenes were really good. Didn't have much going on besides that, though.
I don't think I've seen it.
Yes.
The acting was really good. The It was pretty terrifying too, at points. And then you know, she fights an alien with a giant robot. That was cool.
Well, my favorite kinds of movies are pretty much maybe sci-fi dramas like The Matrix and Mr. Nobody. I also like comedies a lot, and Guess some adventure movies are okay.
I really liked Mr. Nobody because it told the story of making choices. It had It had like a kid, his parents got divorced. And he had to choose to go with his mom or his dad. And it shows you different different paths that he took. It was three different paths so. Just so like pre-law universities or something. So, that's pretty much with that.
I don't like Let's say I just I I just don't like a lot of family dramas. I don't like a lot of comic book like the like some of the Marvel stuff that's coming out. I don't really like the story telling they're doing with that cuz it's not the same as how they were written back in the '60s like in the actual comic books some of the superhero movies. I don't like reboots. Like they keep rebooting Spider-Man And I mean it's cool that they're doing that, but I just I just don't like that they're changing up the characters like they're changing the race. I mean I get that there are social quality and going on and, you know, they want people all to be accepted by their change in their character that's in a comic book. There could be a white character changing into a girl, it could be a gender change, or it could be a racial change. It's just not how it went. I mean I'm not saying that you can't do that, but it's not how the story went. Stick to the story. Be authentic, so I don't I don't really like those kinds of movie like that. And chick flicks, as well.
Oh, I kind of didn't like Spider-Man: Homecoming a little bit saw a little bit I just didn't like how the characters were developing it wasn't the same as the amazing Spider-Man which was pretty good the one with Tobey Maguire which was Spider-Man 1 2 and 3 with venom like all those were just I thought were all well written and good good directing and characters. And that was lacking in Homecoming. So, it's pretty much that one, too.
I've not seen it, but it actually looks like it's okay. It's kind of kind of looks like they added too much CGI to it, and I'm not a big fun of overusing CGI. I think it's good to use but not that much. Okay.
Pulp Fiction was pretty good. I thought John Travolta did good in it, Samuel Jackson was all right. I think I saw it maybe a couple times. A lot of people say it's a cool classic. I thought Quentin Tarantino did good directing in it, too. So,
It was kind of threw you off a lot at times. It was different things going on in the movie. So, that was pretty cool. Okay, we changed to like another another scene and And it would go to another one. They just had like different things going on, so A little bit of action, a little bit of comedy. That's about it.
drama
the plot and the characters
Lone Survivor
I like the camaraderie between and the people and the smaller unit in the military.
Romance movies, I don't like.
It's too mushy mushy and most of the time it's unbelievable.
I don't like One of the movies called I think it's called Messages Are Waiting, something like that.
It's too corny, it's too off the wall.
Yes.
No, I like the title because it depicts a person who is who can survive on his own and on his own wit for survival.
I like action films.
I like sort of nonstop action. The the the action sequences are usually exciting, and fun, and maybe gripping, and intense in a good way. There's usually It's usually quite an escape to watch an action film.
Mr. & Mrs. Smith is one of my favorite action films. It's a It's Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie and so great cast and this particular action film great cast, great action, great writing with sexual aroma that's paired into it which I really love and it has a lot of great back and forth a really great script which does not always when you have a great script in action movie, it does make it that much better.
I don't like horror films.
I don't like scaring myself. I don't like the blood and the gore that comes with the horror. I don't like in general just trying to sort of like scare myself to the point of maybe having nightmares later on. That's not something I'm into.
In general or a horror film? Cuz I don't have horror films that I watch enough to dislike. I just don't watch them.
and into this day. It was one of the most baffling movies I've ever watched from what it was supposed to be and what it ended up being. It was terrible.
I wouldn't say the acting was good, but it did have good actors in it. There was nothing really good about the movie. But the actors are known quantities who are in it, so I wouldn't blame it on the acting. It wasn't there were The actors sort of who are in it are They're award-winning actors, so it was really not the acting.
No, I have not. I know the movie but I haven't seen it.
Yes.
My favorites are romantic comedies.
I like that they are funny and a little more lighthearted and have a happy ending.
Yeah. One of my favorites is called The Holiday.
It has a really really good cast, and it is The writing is great. It's very endearing movie. Actually, surprisingly endearing, and multiple times, and it's just refreshing. It's really easy to watch. I I I watch it every year.
Yes. The Ugly Truth, that's a romantic comedy I don't like.
It is billed as a romantic comedy, but it's kind of more a gross out comedy. And it just doesn't work. It doesn't have sort of like the regular elements of a romantic comedy, and it has a more gross out juvenile humor. The lead in Gerard Butler leaves a lot to be desired. It's just It's a bad casting for Katherine Heigl, even though I usually like her, but not in this. It's just It's wrong on so many levels. It was from start to finish terrible.
No, that just came out, but I know what it is.
I'll probably eventually see it. Yes.
Absolutely. Yes.
I love comedy. I love foreign movies.
Because they make me laugh whenever I'm upset. They bring good mood in me whenever I'm down, lonely. They make me laugh a lot.
I liked the movie called the Little Man. So funny. Very funny.
Because it's so funny. I can't stop laughing whenever I watch that movie. Even when I'm annoying, I just love whenever I watch it. It's so funny, and it has a cool story line.
Yes. the Wrong Turn
Because it's it has a lot of thriller thing. I don't like watching blood out of people. I don't like watching people being killed. I don't like watch to watch people die and that kind of stuff. I'm scared of seeing people being slaughtered alive. Yeah.
Okay. Yes, I've seen the movie. I've watched it like twice, but I didn't like it. It got me really scared. I couldn't even sleep at night.
The thing is that I don't find them interesting at all. All they give me is scared thoughts that I can't even sleep alone in the house, can't walk around the house at night.
Musicals.
They make me happy, and make me leave the reality of the world, that's so sad sometimes.
Into the Woods
I like the music. And then the acting was great and the direction.
I don't like um romantic comedies
I just don't think that they have a real authentic representation of relationships.
Yes. Yes, I have.
I liked that it was a musical and that it was at least fun to watch. Great story telling.
Yes.
I like musical theatre movies.
A Star Is Born I like The story, how it's real life, but it's also in a fantasy. But I like the design and just how it could mean something bad, but it turns out beautiful.
I did not like Sorry to bother you.
The storytelling was just not authentic and real for me, and it just was just not good.
Oh no.
Yes.
Yes.
I loved the story and how it can go along with anything. and be good telling for a family. And it was just like really authentic.
I like fantasy movies.
I like that they're acceptable for children to watch, that they're they're not that violent. Lets imagination run. Yeah, those are the several reasons why I like them.
Toy Story 2.
I just liked the the characters in it. The The kid and the toys and they come to life. And they try to overcome an obstacle and and try an live a happy life, yeah.
Movie that I didn't like. Pokémon: The First Movie I didn't like.
The story wasn't really that good it wasn't really had a good time. It wasn't the plot wasn't that interesting I didn't I didn't think and it was just like a regular episode of Pokémon and didn't really captivate me
No, I haven't.
Yes, I have heard about them.
I liked Good Will Hunting.
I kind of like drama movies in general, but I also like the story seems like it could be something that would happen. And also it's Robin Williams, and I'm a fan of Robin Williams movies.
I just think I also just think the acting in the movie is really good, cuz you usually don't get to see Robin Williams in a serious role, so it was neat to see him like that. And also, I like Matt Damon.
Not particularly. I guess some of them in the genre can feel not like they'd be true, like they're too far-fetched, but that's about it.
I've never seen When Harry Met Sally, and I've never seen Transformers, either.
I have seen the first two Hunger Games movies.
I just think they're interesting stories, and it's just a neat concept, the idea of people being trapped in a place, and they have to kill each other until only one is left.
The characters are neat, just to see how they interact and how they deal with the situation that they're put in, cuz it would be hard to imagine yourself in that situation, so it's neat to see how people react.
I guess like The Hunger Games specifically. You can tell it's written for teenagers. There's just a lot of melodrama in it. Just feels like you're friend for teenagers, but it's still a good movie.
I have not seen it.
No, I have not.
Nope. I haven't even heard of that.
I've seen like 10 minutes of it, but never the whole thing.
From what I saw liked it.
I like movies about crime or like gangsters and just how people commit crime and the like intricacies of the back end, so how they deal with each other.
I guess that's just interesting seeing like true crime I mean I know the movie is not true crime but the way that true crime works in the real world and how mob the mob and the mafia work and stuff like that
I guess that there is a lot of them, really there used to be. Back in like the '80 to '90, they made a lot of them.
Yep.
I like action movies I like the
I like movies that are that have suspenseful and like bring Lots of action with their hands v body.
Street Fighter: The Legend of Chun-Li
I liked it because the woman has like has like super powers and and she can like defeat anyone with her flirty moves that she has and Just a good conquering evil type of movie. A type of movie I don't enjoy is
Pokémon: The First Movie
What I didn't like about Pokémon: The First Movie was that it was the same The same thing as I would do watching a regular episode of Pokemon. It The plot wasn't really direct so I didn't
No I haven't.
Yes I have. What about I liked about the Matrix is that it just has super powers that like like played by Keanu Reeves. He just has super powers and can dodge bullets and so much action. And I like his when he wears like those sun glasses and and that trench coat that he has on.
comedy
It makes me laugh. and think positive thoughts
The Toy, you ever seen it?
Well, had Richard Pryor in it for one, that should explain it by itself. It was extremely funny.
I didn't like the Parent Trap, I didn't like that. Not funny.
It's not funny. You know I didn't like it.
I have seen that. That's kind of funny. I do like that movie.
It was funny. A good family movie.
I think I like mostly action movies, but I really like things that are character development driven so things have a very pronounced story line.
I like them because I figure if I want to spend money in order to get into a movie, I want to have something that really resonates with me, something that I can really remember for a long time, cuz I don't tend to re-watch movies, either. So I really want the moviegoing experience to be an actual experience, so it has to be memorable and something where I can really take away something from the character interactions.
I think one movie that comes to mind is Inception, because it has really good action and really good character development, and it has a nice twist at the end. It's not a super big twist, but it is a twist.
I didn't really like [inaudible]
I felt like the overall story was just kind of boring, you know. You go to find the oasis, the oasis isn't there, so you just go back and you take control of the base. So it was really just not overall a gripping story. I didn't really feel like there was too much suspense, and the characters did not really grab my attention too much.
I do like the movie Reservoir Dogs.
Yeah, I like it because it has really great dialog. It was run by a director that I'm a big fan of, Tarantino. It has really good action, and I think the cast is always pure superbly acting. So I think it's a really great movie.
I've not seen the movie Whiplash.
I like The Shape of Water. It's pretty interesting. It has a nice storyline. It has good acting. Not my favorite movie, but I still appreciate it for what it is.
Sure, I think it has a really interesting sort of character. I mean, who really wants a character who can't really speak, but it was superbly acted by the female character,  so it was a really good attention-grabbing thing in order to get people drawn into the story, and I also like the relationship that the two characters have with each other, the amphibian and as well as the newt lady, so I think it's quite nice and it also has some really good action, some really good tension going on, so I think overall, it's a pretty solid movie.
I mainly like drama films and maybe like suspense films.
Well, I usually like You know, I enjoy a good movie with a good story. And there's been a lot of good drama movies out lately, so anything that has me escape from reality, and something that draws me in is a great movie.
I really like Bohemian Rhapsody. I saw this one recently.
I could really relate to the character. His life was very interesting. The acting was great.
Yeah, a couple of movies I didn't like. Let me think for a moment. Let's Let me think for a moment. There's this movie called The Commuter that was not very good that came out this year.
I don't think the acting was great. I don't think the plot made a lot of sense. It just was a movie that didn't make a lot of sense and didn't catch my attention.
I have not seen The Kissing Booth.
Is that I did see. Yes, I saw that one.
I love the adventure of the movie. I like that whole series. It's a little bit like futuristic and, you know, very well acted, and the effects are very good.
I like dramas and documentaries.
They are a lot of movies I really liked. I thought The Mansion was really good.
I like the idea of someone who is totally alone, but they they hold out hope for reconnecting with others by keeping others in their mind and solving problems.
The editing was awesome, and the story just itself was very good, very science-based.
A bad movie. I can't think of any titles right now, but there's a lot of bad movies out there.
And the plot was really crummy and it just wasn't structured very well. Could have been a good story but it just didn't come together.
Yes, loved it.
I like the story of a family of superheroes trying to live a normal life, and I like the animation. I love anything Pixar.
No.
No.
No.
That's a good example, but I think it's a bad movie.
It's just not the kind of movie that interests me. It has a really sad part.
no
No, I haven't seen that. I'd like to see it.
I like Lady Gaga, and I like Bradley Cooper.
Yeah, it's about music, and it's a romance.
I'm looking for family friendly kids movie.
It's something I could watch with my niece and nephew.
Coco
It had a good story and it was very bright, like the scenes, very engaging to the eye.
Not in that genre. Maybe Nightmare Before Christmas.
It was kinda dark, as in like spooky, and it's very creepy.
Okay, I have not seen that.
Yes.
Lots of fun action. The story was fun and it was kind of light-hearted too at the same time. And good music.
I have not seen that one.
Yes.
I like classic movies and comedy.
I like the nostalgic feel of them, and the way that classic movies are presented. What do you like about action movies?
An action movie?
I like the first Willy Wonka movie.
Yeah.
I like how everything is made on the set of the movie, and I like the actor who plays the main character for the lead and the as Willy Wonka.
No. I do, but the way that the movie is was done like overall with Johnny Depp, like it's very bright and modern-looking and it's It's just a lot different from the classic version of it. So, I prefer the original.
I couldn't say. I can't think of any.
I actually have not seen Ant-Man.
I haven't seen Aladdin either.
Oh, the the animated version?
Oh yeah, I've seen it a couple times.
Yeah, it's a pretty good movie.
I like the animation, and I think overall, it's just It's pretty well done. I think that like the the voice acting is pretty good, and I think that like it's all wrapped up together pretty well.
What is that?
Oh, okay.
I don't really like it very much, just because of its reputation. But I've seen like parts of it, and it seems okay.
I like biopics.
I like to know about peoples lives but most especially about the ones that I'm a fan of or just like inspired to be like.
Bohemian Rhapsody
I like the Freddie Mercury, and I think he's great, and I'd like to just know about everything that's going on with his life. . It was really great and the music was great.
Well, it was sad because he died, but other than that, I just liked the way that he gave in to the reality.
That's pretty spot on.
I was not big on Let's see, what recently came out? I did not like Incredibles 2.
I don't like animated stuff. Maybe I'm older now. I may I'm too old but like something about it just doesn't sit well with me.
The plot was fine. It just was like I just didn't believe it, you know? I just needed to be more reality.
I have seen it before.
It was okay, it was fantasy which wasn't that bad but I wish it was better.
Better acting, better producing, better writing, just like a better budget, maybe, just more action filled.
thriller and mysteries
Just how unpredictable the plot is and trying to figure out how it ends before the movie ends. I like to just enjoy the writer trying to figure out how its going to end.
The Usual Suspects
The ending was amazing. I mean, it all came together perfectly.
The actors, how well they played their characters. The director, and how he seemingly just It it was just so perfect how they put it all together.
I don't like romance movies.
A bit corny, boring. I know how it's going to end. It's all so formula.
Yes.
uh really good animations Plot was all right. It was just an enjoyable film. You could just shut your brain off on and just enjoy.
I really like psychological thrillers.
I like thinking about what's going to happen next, and I like trying to figure out the plot of the story.
Didn't like A Simple Favor
I wasn't sure if it was a joke throughout most of it, or if the plot line was actually serious.
I guess one of my favorite movies would probably Halloween.
I like that it's terrifying and could actually happen in real life.
No, not at all.
I am not interested in any type of sci-fi movies.
Sure that movie is pretty funny.
Not really, no.
No problem.
Hello.
I like action movies.
Well, they're usually entertaining, and there's a lot going on. soft and great movie scores
Well, it was really interesting. It had had the bad guys, had a lot of danger. had a dashing hero.
Oh wow. Well, I don't go see movies I don't like so it's kind of hard to say. I don't like horror movies. If you're talking about genres of movies Well, like Nightmare on the Elm Street or something like that horror movie like that. Pretty much any horror movie I don't like. I'm not going to pay money to go get scared.
I don't like being scared. I don't like jumping out of my seat. I don't find that fun. He also often put women in particular in danger, which I find kind of annoying and I think it doesn't help the general society to see movies where women are in danger from pyschos.
Jurassic Park was pretty good.
I'm kind of a science person, so the whole idea just seemed preposterous to me.
I heard of it, and I know it was very well-reviewed, but I never really watched the trailer, so I don't know much about it.
Well, it was certainly a classic and certainly held my attention. It was a little gory, so But I appreciated the skill with which it was made and how well it put as into that world. So it was at least three stars and probably three and a half for me, out of four.
I like comedy movies, and I like action movies.
I like explosions and gunfights in action movies cuz it's exciting and fun. And then in comedy movies, I like the actors in the when they're working together and the jokes makes me laugh. I like feeling good. I like being happy.
Forrest Gump is my favorite movie.
That it's Tom Hanks is like the best best actor ever. And he's super nice and super funny and it's really well directed and it covers a lot of America's history that was important to us and kind of made us the nation we are today.
Kind of movies that I don't like. Romance movies are kind of boring to me. I mean it's it's nice feeling, you know, we all like feeling love, and getting cuddly, but it's just It's incredibly boring.
The Notebook, I didn't like. And you're probably going to ask me why I didn't like it, and it's because it was boring. It was mushy, and it didn't make any sense. And women think that or The sad thing is that I think men feel like they have to do these like huge gestures to win a woman's affection, but that's not true at all. It's teaching teaching people the wrong thing. You have to be an adult. You have to be smart. Give people space when they need it.
I have.
One of my favorite movies is Wayne's World.
The genre is comedy.
I like the humorous aspect of it.
I can't think of a movie off the top of my head. Can you make any suggestions?
I like the Star Wars films, but I don't think that movie got great reviews.
I liked the newer films a Force Awakens and The Last Jedi.
I also liked the earlier trilogy, Episodes IX, V, and VI, but I did not like the films that came out in the early 2000s.
I didn't think that they were particularly well made.
I don't know anything about that film but I would give it a try.
The Lord of the Rings is one of my favorite trilogies.
My favorite one was Lord of the Rings 2: The Two Towers, but I liked all of the films.
I enjoyed the battle scene, I enjoyed the storyline. I thought it was a good connecting film between the first and the third and it was just the most exciting out of the three.
I would not be interested in that film.
It's not a genre that I'm interested in.
strange
I like comedies a lot.
They're just entertaining. They're funny and just makes you feel usually in a better mood, even if you're feeling down. Unless they're terrible but
And I really like Caddyshack a lot. It's one of my favorite comedies.
I don't like superhero movies that much, they are kind of fake movie.
Yeah, pretty much.
Super hero movie or just any movie?
The Adventures of Pluto Nash is one of the worst movies I'd ever seen.
Nope and
Yep, I saw that.
I liked it a lot. you know, I usually don't like horror movies. I liked that one a lot.
psychological thrillers
They make you think and can be scary.
Yes.
Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom
I like the character of Indiana Jones, and I grew up watching it, and just enjoy the movie.
The plot is okay, but it's more about the action and the characters.
Yes.
I can't think of a movie right now.
No.
No.
I've heard of The Purge but I didn't think it sounded all that interesting.
Exactly.
I haven't seen that one yet. I've watched the first three Mad Max movies, but I haven't watched Fury Road yet.
Vampire movies the and horror movies because it's fantasy. And I like to fantasize about living forever.
Yeah. The Vampire Lestat It's an Ian Rice book. I like that one.
The acting, the joking And that they were rich, and they were elusive. No one knew they were around. Uh-huh.
Yeah, family situations. I don't watch family comedies.
I can't relate to it and it's just That's the way I would like my life to be, like a situational comedy, but it's I mean, I try to make it that way. But I just can't relate to a family because I don't have like a family.
Yes, I I watched highlights of it on Netflix but I couldn't get it. So, no I wouldn't go see the movie, but I would watch it if I could get it for free.
I don't know what that is. I've never heard of it. But I'm getting If it's about vampires, I'm definitely going to Google it. As long as there's not too much crazy gore in it.
It was what? There's a lot of gore in it? I ain't
There's another movie I really like. It has I think Willem Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It Willem Dafoe is in it, and it's about Nosferatu, but a real Nosferatu. And I can't get my hands on that movie. I don't even know where to go for it. I would really enjoy seeing that. And also, Gary Oldman played a vampire, and that was a great movie. I think I even seen that. Gary Oldman played Dracula. I think it was called Dracula. I really liked that.
I think I saw that. I would definitely watch it. I wouldn't go out to see it. I would stay at home instead.
Comedy
Because it it makes me feel good, funny.
Dumb and Dumber, have you ever seen it?
Cuz it's funny and good actors in it, you know?
Halloween Yeah, I don't like Haunted Hill, it was stupid.
Because I didn't like it. It's just not a good movie. I mean, I can't explain it. Just didn't click with me.
No, I haven't. Is it a good movie?
Never heard of it, no.
Never heard of that one either.
Yeah. I like action movies. Love action movies. Love I love documentaries. Educational films are great. Like I like the indie stuff. I like art art art stuff.
Well, I love documentaries because they're great biopics, they're great overviews about a person's life and what they did. I like presidential biographies, such as on James Buchanan. I like biographies on US presidents. I like I liked the BBC like the the world series, the one on nature.
I like Bob and the Trees that was a fictional account of this lumberjack and Massachusetts, and he bought He bought the landlord right to a plot of land. But the whole of the land was full of termites, so it didn't go well.
I don't like like romance movies, I just stay away from those.
I don't like those. No, they're usually pretty bad. They're really sappy. Especially don't like the Lifetime movies if you've like ever heard of those.
Yeah, the plot's bad, the acting is bad, the script is bad. Usually the script's pretty bad.
I don't I didn't like Jumanji.
I typically like Sci-Fi movies.
They typically have imaginative storylines, and fantastical graphics, and things like that.
I recently re watched The Matrix and it held up really well. It has a pretty decent plot, the production value there are outstanding and it just looks really good for a movie from the 2000s.
Let me think. I can't really think of any sci-fi movies I've seen recently. Maybe The Crow. The Crow is not I guess you could say that's sci-fi. But I don't know. I just didn't like it. It was kind of overly campy, a little bit too self-serious, and it just kind of went all over the place.
I have.
Yeah, they're pretty good. I They're not my favorite, but I I've enjoyed all of them when I watched them.
I like action movies like you know some of the higher pace higher pace movies and I also like you know the superhero movies. They're also kind of action movies, part action, part sci-fi. You know, the different DC and Marvel movies that are out.
They're not my number one favorite, but I do enjoy those movies. Maybe that's I mean, it's They're not They wouldn't be my top if If there was a choice between that and maybe say a new Superman movie, I'd probably go see the Superman movie. But if I'm not doing anything else, I'll definitely probably watch Fast and the Furious. I've seen the last couple for sure, so Some of them are definitely better than others.
I really liked the Black Panther. I thought it was a interesting take on maybe not as popular characters, you know? As Thor and The Hulk, and all the the other adventures. I thought it was a really well well done movie and it was definitely wasn't a typical superhero Marvel movie, it went a lot deeper than than just that.
I thought it was interesting. I like the way they tied everything in. It wan't very It wasn't so much preachy, but it was. You know? It It was more up to date. And I don't know if you've ever read many comic books, but a lot of the comic books especially back in When I first started reading them in the 80s and early 90s kind of looked to me sometimes get preachy. Or but then I always had, you know? Kind of underlying messages in them, and I think this is It brought me back to a time earlier time reading comic books, I think. I don't know. It just mean a lot more that to say some of the dumber you know maybe genre that are out. But, I don't know. It was just a really good up to date Marvel movie
I'm not a fan of horror movies. Not because they are scary just because I'm just not a fan. I don't I guess I was when I was younger, but I watched all those Friday the 13th movies when they first came out. But, it's just to me they are just so over done a lot of times nowadays. And, now there seems to be a new one every week almost or every two weeks. I'm just not a fan. Not a I kind of been there done that kind of thing. And that's a lot of the problem. If I can find one that'll scare me then I might like it, but it's been a long time since I've been scared at the movies. I did not see Bridesmaids, but I generally like those types of movies. But yeah, I didn't see that one, so I can't really say about that. But those types of movies, yeah. Those buddy buddy type movies, kind of like The Hangover. I did watch all those. Those were pretty good. Yeah, those are fun sometimes, if they're good. Not so much if they're if they're just kind of not not very good. If they're not If they don't have a good writer, they're not as good. But yeah, movies like The Hangover. I like those types.
Yeah, I enjoyed Superbad. It was kind of ahead of its time a little bit. It's had a lot of imitators since then, but at the time, that was a A really funny, hilarious movie, and I did enjoy it. I don't know if it'd hold up as much today, but it was certainly fun at the time watching it. McLovin
I like action movies and thrillers.
I like the suspense of the movie and the build up toward a climax.
Silence of the Lambs is a really great movie.
It was very exciting, and you didn't know where it was going to go. It was interesting to watch, and I love the characters.
I don't like romance movies.
They usually portray a bad image of romance, like not realistic.
I have not seen The Incredibles.
I have not seen the movie Split.
I have seen Avatar.
I liked the action in movie. It was very intense and I liked the strange different world.
Yes. I've seen some Star Wars movies.
I like the science fiction part, space travel, and also the characters.
I like cool movies.
I really enjoyed The Thing, John Carpenter's The Thing.
I really enjoyed the special effects of the movie.
Also enjoyed the cast of characters and the quality of the acting in the movie.
Yes, I can. I really didn't like The Purge.
I felt like there were just way too much going on in the movie and had a poor story.
No, I did not see that.
No Reason
It doesn't sound like a movie I'd been interested in watching.
Yes, I did see Ant-Man.
I enjoyed the special effects. I thought the story was great. I thought the characters were funny. It was a very involving and enjoyable movie.
No, nothing else.
I like action, adventure, spy movies and that sort of thing.
Let's see. I like the Tom Cruise in Mission: Impossible 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5
Well, they're entertaining, and they're exciting, and there's usually some kind of intrigue involved. You know, it's It's involving
Well, let me think here. I didn't really like the Ocean's movie, Ocean's 8.
I didn't think it would Well, I thought it would be a good movie but the plot just didn't really get me going. It's a little dull for my taste. I'm sure other people enjoyed it but not me.
That's, you know, that's kind of fantasy stuff. It was all right though. I watched it with the kids. Was not bad, entertaining.
Well, yeah, that That's not really my kind of movie. I I managed to get all the way through it, and it was You know, it held my attention, but I will rather watch something else.
Too much drama, not enough action. How's that?
Action movies.
There's a lot going on. I like it when they have a story too though.
The first ones were good, but I really couldn't tell them apart now.
Deadpool
Lots of fun fighting, like martial arts and gun combat, and then the story was pretty good, and the comedy was very funny.
I haven't seen it yet.
Comedies, usually. Just comedy only movies.
Need a plot, yes. Has to be funny? No, not necessarily.
I generally like documentaries.
Well, I like to learn things and it's nice to be able to take a break from reading or Most documentaries are pretty heavy on visuals. And they're usually pretty good, go along with the subject matter, etc.
I generally don't like chick flicks, just because they're usually overly dramatic. And, well, I'm a guy, so I don't really relate to them in the same way.
I mean, they can also be gender neutral. It's just like the movies that tend to highlight women's problems like as the main focus of the movie. It's usually what I don't care for just because a guy now can't relate.
I didn't like Twilight.
Well, it was very cringey, if you will. Like for one, the whole idea that the vampires sparkle instead of burning up in sunlight, like that just, you know, it it seemed cheesy. And then there was the whole fact that it was just a love story. And I mean, don't get me wrong, I can get into a good love story. But it just Yeah. I really I don't even know how to put it. I just didn't like it.
True.
No.
I guess I'm a big fan of movies that are based on true stories and are kind of longer. I like a lot of detail in my movies.
Yeah. I'm a big fan of mystery movie.
Zodiac is probably one of my favorites.
It's an interesting story. And I like true crime movies and books, and it's a true crime movie based on a book that's based on a real serial killer. So it's really interesting.
I like the actors in it. I like Jake Gyllenhaal a lot. He's kind of the main character in it.
Types of movie I just like, I don't like romantic comedy that much. That's about it. I'm not a big fan of comic book movies, but they're all right.
Oh, Hunger Games was all right. I only saw the first two, but they were okay.
It just felt kind of melodramatic. It was just I don't know. It's been a while since I saw it, so I don't remember exactly what I didn't like about it, but I remember it just felt kind of overly dramatic for what it was. But it was still entertaining.
I've never seen it. I've heard of it, but I haven't seen it.
I like horror movies.
I like to be scared. I like the fear, I like the gore, everything about it.
I like Chucky. I like Child's Play. I love slasher movies like Jason, Freddy, Michael Myers.
Annabelle
It was just kind of lame. I I didn't really like it. Could have been scarier. I don't know.
I I don't know what that is. I never head of it.
Yeah, I like Mission: Impossible.
I like the action. I like the thrill. It's cool.
I have heard of that from my sister. I would like to check it out.
Sounds kind of funny.
Hi.
Let's say comedy movies.
Eight Crazy Nights
I thought it was funny.
I'm Well, in addition to finding it funny, I also found it funny. But that aside, it was a good Adam Sandler movie cuz it was funny.
I thought that the acting was pretty good, I thought it was kind of funny that Adam's family did a lot of the voices. I like the animated style of the movie.
Harry Potter
I didn't like it because it was dorky and cheesy.
I shouldn't really get into it. Like I don't know. I've never been against like you know, fantasy genre movies, but it just didn't jive well with me, I guess.
Never seen it.
Yeah, that was a good movie.
As a whole, I wouldn't say, but I like movies in the genre, like The Matrix.
I think Sorry, I like the underlying concepts of the movies like the whole red pill blue pill thing, you know just stuff like that.
Probably the red pill versus blue pill scene. Just cuz like you know, not having seen the movie before that, it was like a holy shit kind of moment.
I like action movies.
I like the the pace, the like nonstop aspect of it, and the really good the action scenes that have sort of lot going on that sort of keep you on the edge of your seat. Those are always fun.
One of my all time favorite movies is Bourne Ultimatum.
Well, action movies are not known for sort of their screenplay like the writing. But The Bourne Ultimatum is excellent on that end. So it's a very complete movie, very engaging, and then the cast is excellent. But the entire thing comes together, the pace the action, the story. It's fantastic.
Thank you.
Let's see. I don't like Armageddon.
So the problem with the Armageddon is it has action with no purpose and it has an incredibly incomplete screenplay like a story line. It's so concerned with blowing up things and creating visual effects which it did well, but it's too concerned with that so that it's a very very long movie and the story line is shakey at best, it's really It's It's a hard movie to get through the first time in the movie theaters. It's not one you want to watch again on TV, it's just not that good.
I love Bridesmaids.
Sure, Bridesmaids is incredibly well-written. It is not overdone, so it's not trying too hard to go I think into sort of trying too hard to be funny is just sort of is funny the way it's written which is one of its true strengths. And the other huge strength is its cast which is in someway subtle and someway obvious. But for each role, it was just perfect
Oh, I haven't seen that yet, but I'm looking forward to it.
The movie, I have not seen that, I don't know if I will.
Not my favorite.
The juvenile humor was kind of expected, but it was even worse than I was thinking it would be, it is just so dumb. I understand the title Dumb and Dumber, but it's just so dumb so stupid. I don't know, I guess. I think down to the audience entirely too much.
I like to watch dramatic movies.
I'd like to feel connect to characters and cry you just have to feel real.
I really like 12 Years a Slave. Cuz it was like dramatic but also real, and it made me remember my history.
It made me very emotional but also very aware of what was going on in the world, and I would like that.
I did not like First Man, I think it was slow, and just I mean, I know it was realistic, but it just was still slow in dramaticness, that I didn't care about
Mainly, it just dragged on, and didn't get to the real point for a long time.
Yeah, I liked it. Loved it.
I like cartoons, and like coolness, and they were just like made me happy. Made me still want to be like a real person. It was cool.
I like comedies
Cos I like to laugh and because I'm like half depression so it helps me to battle it. And it does the right things for me which I appreciate.
Bridesmaids
It made me laugh the whole time and just was a cool, interesting concept of friendship as well. That was just very cool.
I did not like this movie called The Fields.
I just didn't think it was based in reality, and I wish it was just more funny. It was too sad.
Yes.
I like action movies, like superhero movies, stuff like that.
Yes. Very much so.
I really liked Guardians of the Galaxy.
Well cuz it was funny and the plot The writing was really clever, and you know, they were traveling in a fantasy world, you know, places that you don't normally see on Earth.
The plot was It was set in outer space, and it was just It was an adventure. It was a superhero movie or superheroes movie, and they got themselves in dangerous situations, but they always found funny ways to deal with them.
I really don't like psychological thrillers or anything scary.
Yeah, and they give me bad dreams.
Thank you.
Yes, I do.
Yeah, and because of the Cuz of the protagonist, Katniss Everdeen. I think she's really cool. I like her.
I haven't seen Thor
I like science fiction. I like movies that seem realistic People always ask me what my favorite movie is, and I can never respond.
No.
Truman Show
The Truman Show made me think of a reality that was probable but different.
Superman
It's cheesy and corny.
I haven't seen it.
I haven't seen it either.
Yes, I've seen it.
It was cool.
It was a cool sci-fi movie that made you think crazy.
No.
Yeah, I saw it so many times on a bus.
They are sort of like a romantic comedy because there's almost always that kind of component in it. And it's also just a sort of a regular comedy a lot of times. But with the caveat of they're younger, which makes the story line kind of simple. Easy to like, easy to follow, easy to relate to. And it really just works, usually.
I really like the movie She's the Man.
She's the Man is has a very good base for a movie. It's actually based on a Shakespeare's novel, and it is interesting from a story line, also interesting in execution how they go about it. The cast is really good, very engaging, very likable. There's a lot of funny parts to the movie. Their romance is very cute. The friendships that you see on display are very nice. And the school setting really works.
Yes.
I usually stay away from scary movies, like horror movies.
I do not like being scared.
I have not.
Oh, absolutely. I've seen that.
Matrix is like a epic and it is At the time it was incredibly original, very sort of far reaching and what it was going for in terms of imagery and storyline. It was quite an undertaking but really works. It's You have to sort of just in some ways turn your mind off and other ways turn your mind on and just go with what they're trying to do.  The sort of action sequences are great in the movie. The acting, especially from the main cast, is really well done. And it's a really interesting and encapsulating world that they're sort of taking you into.
I liked the first one better than the sequel, but the sequel wasn't bad. Sequel wasn't bad. But the first one is the best one.
No.
Yes.
Well, for Hunger Games, I do usually I usually appreciate it even if I I don't like a movie that is based off of a book. The better base for a movie story line is usually from a book. There's so much more material to draw from in trying to make a movie adaptation. This is a great movie adaptation. It's incredibly engaging. It pulls you in.  The lead, in Jennifer Lawrence, is extremely well cast and just excellent in the role. It's sort of a bizarre dystopian world they're taking you into. And it's executed beautifully, despite how bizarre, really, that the world is that they that you're going into.
I like drama and action.
I like that they make me feel all different kinds of emotions.
Emotions? You mean happy, sad, happy, sad, excited, something that keeps me interested.
Mission: Impossible
All the action.
No.
kids movies
They just don't keep me interested very much. They're just not for my age.
Yes.
No, I haven't.
I like that, too.
I like the action and the plot and the Spy that it was a Spy movie.
I love documentaries. I love drama films. I love romantic comedies. I like comedies and don't really like science fiction though.
I like, you know, something that the plot is really good. You know, it keeps me interested throughout the whole movie. The acting is excellent and superb. It's very convincing.
No. I just don't like science fiction at all.
I really enjoyed the movie Let's see. Gone with the Wind. It's a classic. I love that movie.
It just brings a lot of memories back for me. It's just classic movie, the acting is really good. It's romantic, it has drama. It just have a little bit of everything in it.
Let me think about a movie. One of the worst movies I've seen I saw it on Netflix. I'm trying to think of the name of it. It's called Doom
It is just so poorly acted, everything was like ridiculous about the movie. It was like not even watchable, it's just didn't keep my interest. Just very poor acting, just bad overall.
Yes, I'm fond of that movie.
I enjoy indie movies or independent movies. I enjoy romantic comedies.
I really enjoy I think I like having interesting plot ones.
Let me think. I'm trying to remember the name of it. There's a movie. Well, I like Lady Bird. That's like kind of Indie movie.
I thought that the acting was really good. It was really interesting. I think the music in the background was particularly interesting. I even thought the cinematography in a particular scenes they choose were just really really cognate and really cool.
I don't really like horror movies.
And I don't really like I guess A, I mean I don't like super scary movies, but mostly I think I don't like gore. I don't like when stuff I feel like sometimes they just want to scare you without having a good plot. And so the acting and plot isn't that good for those movies.
I can't think of a movie right now that I have really dislike.
I have not seen The Shape of Water. No, I have not seen it.
No.
I have, yes.
I loved it because it was really funny, it was really well done, has lots of great jokes, very interesting to look at, lots of hidden meaning, and it also plays on the old movies, so it was very nostalgic to see all the characters again. Thanks. You, too.
I like I like romance movies.
I like romance movies because they're fun, interactive, and fun to watch.
My favorite movie is Deadpool 2.
That is my favorite movie because it has a lot of action in it, a lot of funny bad guys, and a lot of blooded war.
I don't like the Forest Gump.
I don't like it because it's not interesting doesn't have a lot of actions and there is and there is too much dialog.
Oh yeah, I watched it.
I like this kind of movie because it shows that people are violent, and there's a lot of blood and gore in it, and it's fun to watch.
I really like horror movies.
I like to be scared and usually they are pretty entertaining.
Definitely.
Halloween
Yeah, I do.
Just especially for its time, it was so original. The storytelling and the way they made it scary.
I do like a good dialog, but usually I'm looking for more action stuff.
I really don't like sappy romantic love story movies.
Yeah, I get enough the heartache and realize I don't need to experience it through a movie. You know what I mean?
Absolutely, yes.
I have not seen Venom. I'd like to, though.
Have not seen that, either.
No, I don't know what that is actually.
Cool. I'll have to write that down and check it out.
Yeah, I saw the new Halloween last night in a theater. It was pretty cool.
I liked it a lot. It was It was cool.
I've seen almost all of them. I'm not sure if I've seen the latest one or not and I But, I like those too.
Well, I like Matt Damon, and the whole kind of spy story is always kind of cool. I like those movies.
I like horror movies, how shocking they are.
I feel like there's not a lot of jump scares. I like that it does reference actual people. I think the budget was for it really great. It was a really well done movie.
Oh, Valerian. Valerian was a terrible movie.
I haven't seen it yet, but I am really looking forward to it. Guillermo del Toro is one of my favorite
Never heard of it.
I've never seen that one, either.
I have not seen that one either.
I've never seen it or heard of it.
No, I like musicals enough, but I just wasn't a fan of Mama Mia. It's not my taste.
Yes, I do. I actually like both the new and old adaptation.
I really like sci-fi. The action is good, so is the story.
I like comedies, I like action-adventure, I like mysteries. I like thrillers.
It's a nice escape from reality. I can put my fears away, and they generally have happy endings, you know. The girl gets the boy, and the crime is solved, and everyone goes home happy.
Die Hard
It was action-adventure, I like Bruce Willis the actor. It's, you know, the good guys win in the end and Bruce Willis gets his wife back, so, all good.
I didn't I can't think a name. It was a science fiction. Oh, and it was Star Wars movie. I did not like that. I couldn't get in touch with any of the characters.
No, I could not.
Not the last Star Wars. I enjoyed the first few Star Wars the first three, and after that, it seem like they really went downhill for me.
No, I have not.
I've heard of that one but I don't think I would like it.
I don't like the superhero movies. I do not like Spider-Man, I do not like Superman.
Hello.
I like comedies, I like action, adventure.
Just because I like to laugh. I enjoy laughing, and it's you know, watching a movie with my family, so it's fun to laugh with my family.
like that movie Failure to Launch. I like I also like that movie The Hangover
It was hilarious. Just with all the all the the chasing of people and everything. How they got How drunk they got, and all the stuff that happened while they were passed out that they didn't realize that they did the night before. It was just crazy.
In the motel room when when they woke up. and you don't realize what was going on. And then they have the tiger I think it was a tiger in the in the bedroom when they were walking through the hotel room.
I didn't like that movie, Bombay. I think it was called Bombay.
Just the graphics in the movie just didn't seem to be very realistic. It just wasn't what I thought it was going to be.
Yeah, I really like The Matrix. I was actually watching The Matrix last night.
transit or have their consciousness uploaded or translated into a machine, and that person not be aware of that it's happening to them.
Thor I really liked the movie Thor. I liked the special effects. I thought it was a well-done movie.
I did like the the cast of the movie, and and the storyline you know, it's fun but You know. Just to imagine you know or The guy falls from space with a hammer.
Mostly action films cuz I love action and, you know, seeing a lot of things happen on screen.
Superman II probably my favorite.
Lot of good action, and had a good story, as well. Good romance, pretty much had everything in it.
Well, 101 Dalmatians.
Didn't really find it funny that much and the story didn't really grab my attention either.
Haven't seen it.
Haven't seen that, either.
Haven't seen that one.
Yes.
A lot of good action scenes. And I like the story, it really held my attention.
Haven't seen it.
Yes.
Very interesting, a lot of good scenes and humors, and a great story line.
I like sci-fi movies. And I like superhero movies and the occasional comedy.
Usually stars the actresses that I like or actresses that I like, I'm just a bigger nerd. So Sci-Fi is a is a great genre for me, and I like a occasional comedy something like from Adam Sandler or some other comedian.
My favorite Adam Sandler movie is The Waterboy. And I don't like his newer stuff, but definitely his older stuff from the mid 2000s is is is all good.
Yes, any scene with Rob Schneider in it in The Waterboy. I just love it.
His newer movies lack the comedic output as his older ones. His older ones have almost all original ideas, and his newer ones are seems like it's more made for, you know, like a family environment, like a family comedy rather than, you know, adult comedy. Or just stupid stupid comedy, so
Well, he's still funny. He's just not as funny as he used to be. So, he might have lost a little bit of it, but still he's movies is still entertaining, but just not as much as so.
I like the Sci-Fi movie called Event Horizon. If I had a choice between any movie I want, I would probably pick a sci-fi movie like Event Horizon or one of the newer Star Trek movies.
Okay. I don't like romance, and I don't like period-style pieces either, or history related movies.
No, I wouldn't.
Because it's a waste of time.
They're boring. There's no action in them. And their stories are pretty repetitive.
No, I think those scenes are also a waste of time.
Well, like I said, it non-romance scenes is is worth the time and money. Like any scene that, you know, actively moves the story along rather than, you know, normal scenes that just are there just to waste time.
I like movie musicals. It makes me happy and just like more feeling the music and the vibes
A Star is Born.
Well, I love Lady Gaga first off, but the story and the story of the artists, of people together, were just was like really amazing.
I did not like Fast and the Furious.
It's just I don't like how unrealistic it is, as well as I don't like how it promotes violence, especially violence against police officers, because I love police officers. So, I'm disappointed.
Yes. I do. I liked it.
I like superhero stuff. Stan Lee's one of my favorite characters and or persons, and then I also like how the superhero stuff is also intertwined and parallel to the reality of what's going on in the world right now.
I never seen it.
No.
Oh, yeah. That's my favorite.
It I like the action. I like I like the action packed of it, and I love the graphics of it. And I love the writing, and I love the directing.
No.
I don't I don't like the writing or directing. I don't like the characterizing of it and I don't like how it's about something in the past about racism.
My favorite movies are romantic comedies.
They're lighthearted, usually fun, has a happy ending, makes you laugh. So, they're very easy to watch, easy to enjoy, and a nice sort of escape from like a hectic lifestyle.
Sure, like My Best Friend's Wedding is one of my all-time favorites. That is has a great cast. It is actually a little bit of a longer movie and a little more in depth, but it it's enduring, and it's funny, and you grow to like the characters, and you just sort of laugh and go on a ride with them You laugh a lot in that one. It's just a really good one, and you can watch it over and over again.
Sure, The Ugly Truth was a terrible movie billed as a romantic comedy, but more like a gross up comedy, and just because it has a, you know, sort of a romantic setup with a male and female lead who are going to be dating or falling in love or something along those lines, it really needs more than that and This movie was lacking and it despite it what they thought when they put it out, it was so bad and in general, I actually love Katherine Heigl movies but I do not like Gerard Butler movies and he is the lead actor in this and it was just rough from all around.
Yes.
I have seen it.
I do love this kind of movie. It is not the original, and it is I don't think anything ever could be the original, but it is a nice tribute to the original. And I love musicals. They are sort of very involved and fun and, I don't know, hearing music is always an enjoyable aspect to sort of this kind of experience. It's kind of like stage coming to a movie. And this one was particularly well cast and well-thought-out, I think in a way to be endearing, while not trying to compete with the original.
I like action movies, comedies, and documentaries.
Action movies are fun to watch. They're entertaining, and they have interesting characters and scenes that I enjoy watching.
I love Die Hard.
Die Hard is great. Because Bruce Willis is really great in it. I also like Reginald Veljohnson and Alan Rickman is a real classic in his role.
failure to launch
It's just a bad movie all around, didn't interest me at all.
It's just a bad romantic comedy. Sarah Jessica Parker's not very good in it. And I didn't even like Matthew McConaughey, and he's usually great.
Yes, I have.
Well, I like movies with a good story, as well as great action and interesting characters that are really compelling.
I love romantic comedies.
They're really easy to watch, really enjoyable to rewatch. They're happy, they're funny, they can be heartwarming. So they're just They're pleasant a very pleasant form of entertainment.
I love Sleepless in Seattle.
It Well first of all, it has an excellent cast, and it's written by somebody probably who does the best who's done the best romantic comedies over the years, Nora Ephron. And it's just It's clever, it's funny, it's very original. There's a good back and forth, and it's just charming It's really charming.
I don't like gross out comedies.
Very juvenile Very juvenile on humor, very juvenile on execution. I don't need to watch somebody, I don't know, throw up 10 times or I don't know, just act like a child when they're an adult with like two children and a wife or something. So, they're kind of pointless in so many ways and I just don't need to waste my time on that.
Maybe The Animal? The one that has Rob Schneider in it. Ugh. That wasn't good.
He leaves a lot to be desired as an actor. He is not nearly as funny as he thinks he is and he Yes, it really is very juvenile. It's A lot of his stuff is based off of Saturday Night Live skits and the things that really should have kept to just a skit. They don't have enough to make into a movie.
I don't think so.
That's That's the good one.
I like slasher movies.
Because Because it keeps me at the edge of my seat and it's entertaining. Just the gore makes me makes me happy
Yes, Jason X.
My favorite part of the movie is when Jason starts walking around the spaceship and starts throwing his starts throwing his knife around killing people.
Lord of the Rings trilogy I liked.
I've never seen that movie.
Never seen that movie either.
Yes, I have heard of that movie.
Not really, it's mostly for a woman mostly a chick film.
I seen some of it.
Yes, I do because there's a lot of action, lots of fighting Lots of people hitting other people. Lots of destruction
Yeah, I'm just watching right now Bob and the Trees. It's a movie about a lumberjack in I think western Massachusetts and his foresting company. Now, he's a lumberjack in real life. They shot this all in real life with real actors. The actors aren't actually actors. Like they're real The The lead actor, he's actually a forester a licensed forester in Massachusetts, and so he His son-in-law plays his son in the movie is the family business. So I would say I mean I really do like those films. I like the indie films. I thought the script was a little weak on Bob and the Trees. Otherwise, I mean it's It's pretty good. It's shot really well. The plot's good. A few places the script could have been changed. I don't think people actually sort of talk like that in real life. But apart from that, I thought it was shot really really well.
I don't know. More down to earth, maybe. They feel like people I know.
You know, it's funny, cuz I don't usually see movies I don't like, you know? I would say though, if you wanted, I haven't really seen movies. Again, like I don't like I usually look at the reviews on the Rotten Tomatoes and then if I see if it's low critical ratings I'm like I'm not going to see this. I'm not going to spend my time watching this dumpster fire of a movie. So, usually
Well I remember years and years ago, we watched I watched Sandlot, and I didn't I didn't like one so much.
I don't know I hear it's a classic I hear it's a classic I just didn't like it.
I hear it's a classic I just didn't like it.
I don't. It's It's It's There's a lot of profanity in it. I didn't think that was super cool. I think the writing was super loose to like to write it PG in those awful stuff. There is like is it it should have been PG 13.
No, I haven't seen it. I just The only thing I've seen like super recently is the Mr. Rogers movie the Won't You Be My Neighbor? I thought that was a really really good movie. Sometimes like it got it got to the point like idealizing the points and it's my only really criticisms of it. It was shot really well. There's super cool archival footage in there. The interviews are really good. It was really sort of compelling as well because like it's co-star, the police the policemen on the show, are actually gay. Mr. Rogers was an evangelist who would not normally support gay people, but he said like The gay guy said like he was a He was a He was father figure to me. It was really really interesting. All right.
I like horror movies.
They just give me some excitement, you know? I get excited and this adrenaline rush, but I just enjoy it in general.
The graphics, the demons, exorcism, everything. I'm just excited to watch this kind of movies you know like the jump scares, everything is exciting for me. Other movies are boring for me to be honest.
The Conjuring
The jump scares, there were not that many of them, but they were perfect, to be honest. And also the the thrill, they keep you thrilled all the time without being extremely bored, like meh. Just perfect.
I didn't like The Exorcism.
It was kind of classic horror, and I don't really like this kind of horrors. And I guess because it was old, I didn't like the acting. Like it's a great movie, there's no lie about that. But it wasn't just exciting for me. Like it It wasn't my thing. I felt like it was too fake.
Oh yeah. Yeah, of course. Of course I do like this movie, yes.
The monster like the graphics, sounds, and motion, and everything was amazing. Also like the the acting of almost everyone in the movie was perfect, especially the main character she she was amazing.
I don't remember the movie very well, to be honest. I don't remember what I used to like about it. I just like the fact that it's like like a different species invading Earth, and I like this kind of stuff, you know?
No. No, I didn't watch that, either.
Of course. Of course, one of my favorite.
I love action movies.
I love Mr. and Mrs. Smith. That's a great one.
Sure, but first of all Mr. & Mrs Smith, I'm talking about the one made in 2006 with Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt. Its a tonne of fun, its actually is funny along with the action. The action sequences are really well done, really fun like just a lot going on but also well choreographed, good cinematography, and acting. And the movie is great, really makes a difference when the actors are good in the action movie.
I really didn't like Quantum of Solace It's not the type of the movie. It really is that particular one. The new James Bonds just leave a lot be desired. They used to be really fun action movies, little nod, little wink, and great action. The action has been tepid at best, and the story and the tone of the movie has gotten so serious, it's almost like a drama. And it's just not fun anymore.
Yes. Very much.
I love the female lead. I love the action. I like superhero. It has a lot of great things going for it. Gal Gadot's a great choice.
I think that's a great kind of a movie. It really has a lot going for it, but it good acting, good directing, really good scenes. It was surprising surprisingly good because I don't really like dystopian futuristic stuff, but I think because of the casting in particular and the way it was done it was really good.
No, its usually a genre that is a mess, but that was a good movie.
I like documentaries.
Well, I like learning things and I like that I can experience things more vividly when learning about something than say through a book or through articles or whatever. Like usually documentaries have relevant imagery you know videos shots from locations that they're covering or or you know whatever it is, there's usually relevant video to go with it to add to the entertainment and interest.
I particularly enjoy technology and video game related documentaries because I enjoy both of those. I like learning about their history, I like learning about different perspectives on on different matters.
Anything by Ahoi. Retro Ahoi. The previous documentary that was really good, really well researched, really well articulated. I mean just, it was like professional grade. Should have been on TV kind of documentary, in my opinion, and he's just a YouTuber.
I'm not usually a big fan of action movies just because they seem over the top and cheesy most of the time.
Generally speaking again, it depends on subject matter but yeah
Max Payne
I like dramas.
I like how real life it is and the accuracy and just like the truthfulness of the moments.
I like Let's start with Moonlight.
I like that it's got a gay theme, cuz I I am gay, so it gives me good inspiration to know that I can get through it.
Yeah. It's perfect for me.
I don't like I don't like action movies like The Avengers
I just don't think it's real life. I think it's too much of a fantasy that I just can't grab on to.
Yes. I have.
I just thought it was cool and funny and I like the talent. I just love it. Love the writing.
I like action movies.
I like the climax of the characters, how they go through interaction daily with fighting but also having emotions. It gives me a humane feel to the movie. And I also like just the dramatics of the high budget.
I like Fast and the Furious.
I love the story line how it was mostly about family, but also had fast cars. The cars were like up to date, but also in the future. I just like how everything was like managed to be together like a central theme of togetherness and action.
I don't like romantic comedies.
I don't think that their real life Nothing about it inspires me. It is just a place to me where people who are like attractive get to do movies. So, I don't like it.
Maid in Manhattan
Don't like J. Lo in it, don't like the storyline, don't like the plot, don't like the writing, don't like the scenery, just doesn't seem like a great movie.
Yeah. It's just not my thing.
Yes.
I like the action. I like the or the sci fi aspect of it, but also being real life because it's Mission: Impossible, which is like spy stuff. So to me, it was just like a more of a real thing, which I really liked.
I like romantic comedies.
You know I know that was a highly rated movie, but for whatever reason at the time I didn't get into it or I didn't see many trailers for it, so I really don't know much about it. I think it won an academy award or two, but just never heard much about it.
Might have. It's hard to say when you know very little about a movie, except that it had an unusual title.
Oh. Well, I watched Sherlock Holmes movies actually. And I saw Dunkirk recently. on TV
I like history a lot, and so A lot of World War II movies, I find interesting. but I would even watch documentaries. I'm a huge PBS fan. curious about the word, I guess you could say. I like to learn why the conflict started.
I'm not a big fan of musicals as movies.
Wonder Woman I've seen parts of it on TV. But I haven't seen the whole thing.
Well, there was action, there was some comedy in it that was fun, and of course Wonder Woman looks great. Just looking at Wonder Woman is good for guys. But she was cool. She She had spunk, as Lou Grant would say. And she could take care of herself, so I liked assertive women.
The first one interested me. I didn't think the second and third ones were as nearly as good. Yeah. It's Sometimes it just seemed weird for weird's sake, but it certainly held my interest trying to figure out what was going on. It had an element of mystery to it, I guess you could say.
Oh, I dislike it. It's I don't know if it's officially a horror movie or sci-fi horror movie, but I refuse to go to any horror movies. I don't pay money to get scared.
Well, jumping out of my seat. being scared That's not my idea of entertainment.
Yeah, I like any movies that have to do with the future, you know, like dystopian futuristic science fiction-type movies.
It gives you kind of a weird and warped view into the future, and it kind It's just interesting that to see the worlds like different from the vision of the director.
Yeah, I'm sure you've heard of it. It's called The Matrix. It's very popular. That really fits the bill here.
Great story line, great actors, very believable. Aand it feels like something that could really happen in the future.
It's simple really. Movies that I don't like is ones that bore me. I give all movies a shot. Do you know what I mean? Even if it's something I haven't watched before like a foreign movie, a subtitle movie, it can be anything. I will watch it and I will try to enjoy it.
Yes, I agree.
Any of the Twilight movies.
No, and I don't like werewolves, either.
Yes.
It was a great movie. It's older. It's very interesting to see how they thought the future would look back then. It It's gotten I should really rewatch it now that I think about it cuz I rewatched I watched the the sequel, which was okay, but not too great.
The original movie had a specific ambiance. I guess it's hard to explain. It felt like you're part of a world that was woven by the director. The new one just felt like it was an action movie. And there wasn't there wasn't that much. It felt like it was kind of drab. Let me put it that way.
I like mysteries, adventures, and romance the most.
Let's see. Gosh, there's so many movies I like. I really like Titanic and movies like that that have adventure and romance in them. Let's see. The stars that are in it, as well as the story, and there is you know a lot of action, kind of like I was on the edge of my seat the entire time.
I like a movie that has a fast pace.
Yes, science fiction.
I really don't like the movies like The Avengers and those types, the superhero movies.
Yes, I have. And I really liked it.
I thought it was so funny and I thought that I wouldn't enjoy it because the stars of the movie were all unknown, but it didn't matter. They just The whole ensemble cast they all worked so well together and I thought the writing was really good the It just it made me laugh and I thought the story was really interesting, too.
No. I haven't.
Yes, great movie.
Yeah, for the most part I do like movies like Spotlight.
It's a controversial topic that is covering and it's trying to send a message about what they're doing now. It depicted a preachiness I think because that's what the journalists were doing but still came off a little bit that way but a really great movie and it doesn't take away from it. It's just a little bit I I still would put all the president's men of those kinds of movies ahead of spotlight one of the reasons because of that.
I don't know that movie.
Love Good Will Hunting.
Well, for this particular movie, the cast was perfect. Now you got the cast to be perfect because of the involvement of the actors in making the film, otherwise they would have gone for bigger names at the time, and a different cast, and it wouldn't have been such a good movie. That they came off as authentic to the Boston area was an important part of the movie. The script is great. The actors are excellent. It's believable, and also really hopeful. They're original story, which is amazing. Really an amazing story that they came up with. And But also had moments of lightness to it that help balance out sort of the more serious journey that the movie takes you on.
Sure, the movie itself is rather serious. It's taking, you know, a guy who was sort of ordinary and not making a ton of money to being someone who everybody wanted sort of a piece of to study because his mind was so amazing, and it had been discovered. So it's a very serious movie, but him dating Minnie Driver's character, his involvement storyline with Robin Williams is extremely serious, given his background. Yet, the times with his friends, with Minnie, with Robin, where there's a few lighter moments that have to balance out the movie into a much more well-rounded movie than it otherwise would have been.
Love When Harry Met Sally. Love it.
Well, first of all, it's a romantic comedy, which is my favorite genre. When Harry Met Sally itself is Exceptional in that it doesn't try to do too much except what they are trying to do. They are two actors who are really they are focused on mostly on the two actors and then the four actors. They do it so well, the script is absolutely amazing, the direction is fantastic, it really doesn't try to be more than it is and it's totally charming and you can watch it a million times.
Sure. Some of the best movies ever made are fantastic, but you don't always want to watch them over and over and over again. When Harry Met Sally is the kind of movie that is fantastic, and as a romantic comedy, a little more approachable, a little more likable, and it's something you can watch many many times over the years. I've seen that more times than I can count, and even though I know what's going to happen, it's enjoyable every time.
I really like comedy movies.
They just make me feel good, and just kind of let you hang out. And they're not usually too in depth, so you can just pick it up whenever.
I like both.
I really like The Other Guys.
I like the two actors. The two main actors were very funny and just gelled together well. I liked The plot was funny. It just had a funny vibe going through it and just the way everything happened just really bounced off and jelled well together.
I'm not a huge fan of horror movies. I don't like being scared.
No, not at all.
I did not like the Insidious movies.
I didn't like all of the the just I just don't like the scary part of it. I don't like going into movies to become scared.
I've not seen X-Men
I have seen that movie.
It was just a good action movie. I had read the books before, so I already knew what was going to happen, but it really captured the feeling of the book quite well.
I like horror movies a lot, and I think I like them because I just like how they make me feel.
There's one that came out a few years ago called It Follows that I liked a lot.
Yeah, and the the cinematography is really good and it's scary in a way that a lot of horror movies don't try to be scary.
I don't like the movie Grease.
It's got a lot of singing in it, and I don't like musicals, and I just think it's annoying.
I've never seen the movie Rampage.
I've never heard of that movie.
I do like the movie Hereditary.
I think it was really beautifully shot, and I like the acting in it.
No, I don't like that movie.
I thought the plot was stupid, and I'm not a fan of the director.
I kind of like that movie.
It's kind of an interesting true story, and it's just super crazy to watch.
I've never seen that.
No, I don't like that movie.
I typically don't like superhero movies very much, even when I think I'm going to. And that's all I can remember, actually. I think I thought it was boring.
I like all kinds, but I really like the the superhero movies, especially the Marvel Universe ones. I like them because they have They seem to always really get get really good actors, and I just like comic books in general, and then the themes that the they use in the movies, and the production value of them is generally top notch, especially the Marvel ones.
I really like the the Iron Man ones, the very first one especially, and the second one was really good. But I guess right now probably The Avengers. That series is just really good. The last one wasn't quite as good as the first two, but I hear good things about the second one, or the next one that's coming out, so I can't wait to see that one.
I am not a big horror fan. Lot of people like that like the Purge movies or I don't know, The House on Haunted Hill. I can't really think of a lot of the names cuz to me, they all just kind of sound the same, but It's not to say I won't watch one, but I just don't actively It'd probably be more one that I would maybe rent at rent at Redbox or watch at Netflix. It's not something that I would go be waiting on a Friday night
No, not really a specific movie. Generally, if I don't like something, I just don't watch it. So I would have to to really dislike something, I would have to watch it all the way through. To me, if it's not If it's not any good in the first 15 or 20 minutes, I'll just stop watching or do something else. And I'm generally pretty good The movies that I go to the movies to see You know, I try to make sure that they're going to be really good and worth Worth watching before, so I don't have to like walk out of the movies or anything. But if it's something that I've rented or try to watch on Netflix it's no good, after about 10 to 15 minutes, I'll just switch.
Yeah, I have some. That one was really good. I'll probably put that on my list of the best of the modern series.
I just enjoyed pretty much everything. I liked the story. It was neat the way they did it. I've never I was never a Black Panther comic book fan. I don't even think I might have one maybe with him in it, but I think it was with him and somebody else. But so it's not like a comic book character that I thought I wasn't sure if I would enjoy the movie, but it was very surprising cuz it was probably one of the best the best Marvel movies they've done so far, clear with the very first time Iron Man.
I usually see comedies, action movies, superhero movies, teen movies, occasionally dramas or suspense movies.
The pretty Pretty Woman is one of my favorite movies.
Pretty Woman is sort of a I think it gets billed as a romantic comedy, but it's much more of a romantic comedy drama. It has a lot of dramatic points to it. The pairing of Julia Roberts and Richard Gere is pitch-perfect, and it's one of the best pairings to like every grace the big screen. So the writing on the movie is fantastic. the interactions between the characters especially Julia and Richard are what really make the movie and it's it's a wonderful it's a funny endearing movie.
Sure. The Ugly Truth is a bad movie.
Where to begin? It was billed as a like when it was promoted on commercials and start it was builled as a romantic comedy. It is not. It is It All it has a star of a man and a woman who were supposedly supposed to be in a romance . It's more of a gross out comedy, sort of a shock comedy. It had gross out humor. It had a lot of rudeness and juvenile behavior. It was really bizarre what they were going for. I usually like Katherine Heigl, this was not a good movie. And her co-star in it, Gerard Butler, he is highly overrated. I don't know how he keeps getting these starring roles.
Yes, I have.
Bridesmaids is a great movie, funny, really well written, really well acted, and it's a little more original. It's sort of a but had a lot of laugh out loud humor and it had little more shocking humor at times, a little more Graphic humor at times but with a female leading cast and that's being extremely rare in movies. So, it was a really refreshing movie but just a really a very funny one.
No, I don't think so. No, I haven't seen it.
I think that might be a recent one maybe with The Rock. I have not seen that.
That's the one that I would watch if it came on TV, yeah, I would I would watch that one. It's I think it's just it's just like a general action movie like sort of action adventure. So, yeah, that one I'd watch.
Oh god, no.
If I remember correctly, that is one of two things. That is either a scarier movie or a sort of a dramatic movie that has extremely that has a lot of darkness to it, sort of like verging on being a Quentin Tarantino movie. So probably something I'm not going to watch. It would have to be like an Oscar contending me for me to want to see that kind of a movie.
It's not my favorite. It doesn't mean I'll never I wouldn't I wouldn't watch it but it would have to be get like excellent reviews. It would have to be considered, you know, really critically acclaimed for me to probably watch a movie like that.
I like animated movies.
It reminds me of childhood and keep me happy. It makes me believe in the impossible.
The Incredibles 2.
I thought it was very funny, but also centralized on the importance of family. which I thought was beautiful.
I do not like Million Dollar Baby
I didn't think it was authentic or real to the female experience of what it's like to be a boxer.
Yeah.
I like the fairy taleness of The Lion King. I didn't like how he died, but you know I like the story in general about family.
I like a lot of action movies. And sometimes animation if they fit right with my personal liking.
Animation you could do a whole bunch of stuff that you cannot do with live action. Sometimes CGI is never the best option and the best way to go about like impossible stuff is do it in animation because the idea's limitless on what you can do.
Last movie I really liked was Justice League.
Even though they give bad stuff about the bad CGI in the movie, it's still a guilty pleasure of mine. I'm a real DC fan even though Marvel is good, but I still enjoy DC a lot more cuz their heroes and are a lot more and have more character to them. It was great seeing Batman played by Ben Affleck be pretty great. Superman was really good. Wonder Woman was enjoyable, and the introduction of Aquaman and Cyborg and Flash really made the movie interesting to watch. Especially Aquaman with his funny quotes here and there.
I don't like horror movies at all. They're not my go to at all, I wouldn't watch one.
I just don't like scary things in general. One, they give me nightmares sometimes. And I don't really like having nightmares because I sometimes forget they're dreams and cuz they like look so real sometimes. And probably like the realism of horror movies is what gets me. Cuz there are sometimes like I feel like when I'm home alone, something might happen to me when I don't want it to.
Last movie I did not like was I'm trying to remember. Hm. I did not like X-Men: Days of Future Past at all.
I just didn't like the reboot of the X-Men. I think if they wanted to do more with the X-Men, they should've just went forward and ignored the first three first three movies, and added onto it with original characters like Wolverines, Cyclops, Patrick Stewart as the Professor. But yeah, I still like the move of making a brand-new trilogy for the X-Men. That's about it.
No, I have not seen Inside Out. But I I have that on the list of what I want to watch.
I like westerns like The Magnificent Seven Magnificent Seven, sorry. Action movies sort of like Dredd or Lethal Weapon. I'm not into like movies like Terminator, which is kind of too not my style. I do like Star Wars and Interstellar a lot, though.
The last movie I watched was Magnificent 7. It was a pretty good movie, and I loved it.
It had the right amount of action. It had right amount of comedy from Chris Pratt. The accuracy they chose for the film were amazing. They had a villan that you really would love to hear. The director was pretty good. I enjoyed most of what the director made which was like Southpaw or training day. And I really did enjoy the western vibe that was which was the main setting of the story.
I check length, run time of the movie. Sometimes I like to watch a long movie, maybe 2 hours or 2 hours and 30 minutes. Sometimes a shorter movie, like an hour 30. If I wanted Probably wanted to watch action if I was in that kind of a mood, or if I was wanting to catch up on a superhero movie, or watch that instead.
Yeah. I guess probably recently, it would be Black Panther
I like the superhero genre. This maybe in particular was a little bit different. It kind of dealt into the character a little more and wasn't wasn't just a you know wasn't just a superhero movie. It had a lot more to it, and it was a character that I didn't know a lot about, and start was kind of surprising and new to me.
Pretty much any horror movie. I'd say Or maybe like A Quiet Place was the only one I can really think of cuz to be honest, when I see horror movies' advertisements, I just usually kind of tune them out. But that one just seems kind of dumb to me. It was a world where you had to be completely quiet, otherwise the monsters were going to get you. It just didn't seem very realistic.
I'm just not a fan I mean they don't scare me and I'm just not a it's just not my cup of tea. And plus it seems like they come out with one every every couple of weeks there is a different hurt you know, some kind of different take on horror movies from old and then they start I'll take a good, old drama or a superhero movie any day.
Yeah, I've seen that. It's pretty good.
Yeah, it was funny. I'm surprised they haven't come out with another one yet.
Generally if the acting's good and it's funny, you know, movies like that, kind of like The Hangover, Road Trip. No, they're funny. enjoyable You don't really have to think that much about them, and you can just go and laugh and lie down. Just not have to think, have a good time.
Yeah, I've seen those. The first couple. I didn't really stick with it. After the second one, where they killed his wife off, and they didn't do that at all in the books, I kind of stopped watching them. I might go back and watch them though, because it's been a while and I've reread the books since then, too. But I generally like that kind of movie, and it was a good movie. But it just ventured so far away from the books, and at the time, I had just finished reading the books when they came out, so after Well they killed her off early in the second movie and you know, in the book she really She stays on till the newer books came out. I don't know, it just kind of turned me off to them a little bit But I would definitely be up to going back and watching them now.
I enjoy all type movies. Movies that have a good storyline.
I like the music in the movies. I like the visuals in the movies and the architecture. And I like a good original story.
The Grand Budapest Hotel
I like the colors in the movie. The visuals are good. The movie was funny bit it also had a really good story.
I do not like horror movies.
I don't like being scared or watching people die.
I do not like Saw.
And I dislike the psychological horror in movie and I also don't like watching people die, it's very bloody.
Yes.
I like the movie because the pictures are really appealing. It had a nice visual color. It also had a really cute story.
Hi.
I love Star Wars. I even like the new ones. I don't care what anybody says. The Last Jedi was pretty good, and the one before it was even even better. And I even like the Han Solo story, although it was kind of slow but I'll tell you, the one that was really good to me was the the Rogue One. I really really enjoyed that one. I can't wait till the next one comes out.
Just the story. I saw the first Star Wars when I was And it still makes going to the movies fun, kind of brings you back to that time when you were a little kid and you know you might get to go to the movies once every couple months.
Yeah, I like Star Trek. I recently watched went back and watched all the different TV series and then went and watched all the different TV or all the different movies. And I'm not a super big fun of the first ones although the movies for the first ones were probably the best of the series, but I'm not a big fun of the first series. I try to watch it, re-watch it there's the first 3 seasons, and it was hard it was hard to get through it just because that is the acting's so bad  and the stars were so bad, but I like all the movies. The movies I haven't found a movie I didn't like in the Star Wars series. Although there was that one that was not quite as good as the rest, but Star Trek's good. I could go for another Star Trek movie.
Hello.
One of my favorite movies is The Dark Knight.
I thoroughly enjoyed the story and characters in this movie.
I also felt that the acting overall was top notch.
The movie has a lot of good acting, especially Heath Ledger as the Joker and Christian Bale as Batman.
I didn't enjoy the Jurassic World: Fallen movie.
I felt that the story was very lazy written overall.
Also felt that at certain points in the movie the CGI was somehow weak.
No.
Yes, I have.
Yes, I did.
I enjoy the fact that it's based on a comic series and I like the characterization and story of the movie.
Yes.
They tend to be well-produced, well-developed, have good acting, good story lines, good characters, stuff like that.
Sometimes I feel that they try to cram too much in the movie.
Yes.
Yes, I did.
I also felt the movie was very mind opening, interesting to watch and especially SGI which was technological advanced for it's time.
No.
I like drama movies.
I I saw U 571.
I did not like the plot holes or the historical inaccuracies.
I don't like romantic movies.
I was very disappointed with Maleficent.
I have not.
I have.
I did not like the fact that it had a female protagonist.
I did like the fact that it was a superhero movie, but that was about it.
I like comedies sort of like 40-Year-Old Virgin or Dirty Grandpa. I was really into Baywatch a lot I really liked that movie even though nobody really liked it that much.
was funny. It was entertaining. It wasn't supposed to be a super serious movie, but at the same time, I enjoyed it. I think that's what the whole point of movies are, is just enjoying it.
That's kind of hard. I really like Denzel Washington a lot. He's good an actor. He knows how to get to people's emotions that are watching his movies without You know, trying to make make it a big deal or anything. And he usually doesn't do sequels a lot, which is pretty cool because the majority of his movies are unique, and they're different, even though they're kind of like the same subject. He just doesn't do the same He doesn't go to the same film name to do it for money. He does it cuz He has to try something new.
I have not yet but I do plan on it before watching the second Equalizer.
I like movies that, you know, have a great story line, that are memorable, that have great acting, that you can't, you know, that make you cry or are very emotional movies.
It's just very interesting overall.
Movies I didn't like there are so many movies that are bad, you know, the the acting is terrible, it doesn't keep your interest. You just want to turn it off. Just poor poor acting, very cheaply image movies
There is a movie like this movie called Super Buddies. I mean, I like animals and stuff, but this movie was just stupid and silly.
It just was really a silly plot. Didn't keep my interest. It was not what I thought it was going to be. You know, it was kind of silly.
Oh, yeah. I've seen Titanic. I seen it a long time ago.
Yeah, I like Titanic. You know, it was based on real events and I thought the acting was great. I really liked it.
I like a good action movie.
Love that series the the latest one, Fallout, is one one of the best action movies, I think, ever.
Well like I think most people probably, the stunts and how real they looked and knowing that Tom Cruise actually did them was part of why they were so exciting.
Of Mission: Impossible? Well the stories are never that great. They're always kind of convoluted and hard to follow. But I thought the latest one was probably one of the better stories cuz it was pretty simple.
Oh. Well as a genre, usually kind of rom com, romantic comedies. I like comedies. And I don't mind the romantic things. I don't know. Maybe it's just all those movies seem to be the same movie. But, I don't know. I just don't typically like them very much.
I saw the first one, and I think the second one, but I didn't finish it, no.
Maybe cuz it wasn't rated R. I don't know. It seemed like the premise of it deserved or required a more violent or harsher take, a more adult, and I think it felt like they like pulled their punches a little bit, and it also seemed like a story I'd kind of seen before. I don't know.
Yes, I think there's multiple like sequels maybe of them. But I haven't seen those. I've seen the first one though, the original one that Hunger Games is compared to a lot of times.
Well, it kind of I guess hits that note of you know it's the premise is dark it's you know kids or school age kids killing each other and it actually shows the violence of that. So like if you are going to go with that premise, go with that premise all the away. Don't Don't try to mitigate it with like a PG 13 rating or something like go all in or don't go all. I don't go at all, and I think that was probably the biggest difference in those two movies.
I like comedies.
I like movies that make me laugh.
I really like The Three Amigos.
I like that it has very silly jokes, and I like the actors in it.
I like a lot of slapstick humor, and that's in the movie.
I do not like Apocalypse Now.
The movie is way too long, and it's also too gory.
It's okay. I think it's a cute movie.
I like the animation in it and I like the voice actors in it.
I like the jokes in it.
Yes, I do.
I like the actors in it and I think it's an exciting and fun movie to watch.
I really like romantic comedies. They're my favorite.
They are funny. Usually a little lighthearted, usually has possibly heartwarming, has a happy ending, so it's nothing that will really get you down, and it's usually something that you'll leave feeling good after watching. They're also really easy to watch.
Yeah, While You Were Sleeping is one of my favorites.
It was an unexpected delight. It is extremely well acted and well written, but it's it's sort of an untraditional. It's not a traditional romantic comedy. It is sort of a romantic comedy paired with a family comedy, and it really works, but it's it's it's very endearing.
Yes, very true.
I'm not the biggest fan of scary movies.
I just don't enjoy being scared. It could It can cause me to have nightmares, so in order to actually watch a scary movie, I have to sort of remind myself that it's fake, which sort of takes away the point of watching it in the first place, so I usually just avoid them.
If that's a horror film Like Alien is a great movie, but not one I could ever watch.
That'll give me nightmares. It has literally things that will give me nightmares. Like the pictures from it, I've watched a few minutes here and there, and it is It's so disgusting and definitely things that I would somehow work into my dreams that would turn into nightmares. So despite it being well acted and one of Sigourney Weaver's best movies ever, I just can't.
Yeah, that's a great movie.
First of all its great because it has a cast that's Asian which is very unusual for a romantic comedy. Its unusual in general for a Hollywood movie but its even unusual for a romantic comedy. So it was nice a nice change and still kind of like an ordinary romantic comedy story, so it really worked, very funny, very good cast, and I'm looking forward to the sequel.
Some of my favorites are romantic comedies.
Yes. I love You've Got Mail.
The cast is fantastic, the writing is superb, and it's just very heartwarming but also very funny and obviously there is romance. The supporting cast is really good and adds to the overall film, so it's just not about the romance. Every part of it actually works including the parts where they're not together and it's not about them, it's more about the businesses that are competing. So, the whole movie is great but it's something You can watch over and over again.
The ugly truth is that movie I really don't like that's like a romantic comedy I don't like.
It was It's billed as a romantic comedy, but it's really more of a, I don't know, shock comedy or gross-out comedy. It is not endearing, not funny. It's sort of bizarre and crass. The humor is much more juvenile than what should be in a romantic comedy. It just didn't work all the way around. I usually like Katherine Heigl's movies, but that was a bust.
Yes.
I have.
I really like superhero movies which Deadpool is one, but this is a different one where there is a lot of focus on comedy and the writing is very important because there is such a focus on comedy and, so it's different but it really works. It's a very entertaining and a very atypical for a superhero movie and Ryan Reynolds is just great in it.
I really like comedies and science fiction movies.
I recently watched a movie called Sorry to Bother You, and I really enjoyed it.
I thought like it was very different and doesn't fall like the normal script and was very funny and interesting to watch.
A movie recently that I haven't didn't didn't like was Ant-Man and the Wasp. It wasn't the greatest movie.
I felt like the movie was very predictable and followed like a script that all kinds of superhero movies have which I didn't enjoy that much because it wasn't very different from what I usually watch.
I've never watched it, but I don't typically watch musicals, so I don't think I would like it that much.
One More
I haven't watched that movie but I think that I would enjoy it a lot and I look forward to watching in the future.
No, that's all.
I like like Constantine, and I like a lot of Disney movies, too.
Good question. I like I think one of my favorite movies was Moana. It was It was really good.
It was just really nice to watch it. I thought it was a really good movie.
Movie I didn't like I think the The Incredibles 2 wasn't really that good.
Yeah, I did actually.
I just felt like the story was really bland.
No, I haven't. I've heard of it, but I've never seen it.
Oh, The Dark Knight. I've watched it a long time ago but I think it was a pretty good movie.
I think it was the setting, like I really like Batman, so you know, Batman's just really cool. So I thought it was a pretty interesting movie.
I like dramas and thrillers.
They're just They usually have interesting stories and they keep you guessing as to what's going to happen. It's They're usually not very boring. So, you're never finding yourself like falling asleep or thinking about other stuff during the movie. You're constantly engaged with it.
Reservoir Dogs is kind of a drama/thriller, so I would consider that one.
The story's just really well told, and it's interesting, like it And it's told in a unique way, where it's kind of flashbacks and flash forwards and just Overall, the story's really neat, cuz bank heists are cool, but it's more It's about a bank heist like after it. You don't even see the bank heist, so it's just a neat way to tell the story.
I'm not a big fan of action movies.
They're just kind of boring and mindless. I mean, I like them every once in a while, but they all just make you feel like an hour and a half of just the same thing over and over of action scenes and things blowing up which is cool for a while, but they get boring pretty fast.
Not an action movie, but I didn't like Twilight movies. Which I only saw two of them, but I doubt the other ones are any better.
The acting was terrible. The story wasn't interesting. I don't know. Nothing grabbed me about it. I was bored the whole time.
Nope.
Yes, I have. It's a good movie.
I like comedy movies like Adam Sandler movies. I like The Waterboy. I like Happy Gilmore.
I like The Waterboy because he makes me laugh, it's it's a feel good story. It's for good versus evil, conquering your fears.
I did not like Project X I just It was It didn't have much of a plot, just just just a bunch of people running around. It didn't really The characters were There There wasn't any character building type of thing. The characters just were like doing anything.
Yeah. I like that movie. I like scary movies.
I like that People get murdered. I like I like the gruesome scenes people get murdered the scary sounds in the back of the movie. The characters, good versus evil, trying to get rid of evil.
No, I have never seen that movie.
No, I've never heard of the movie.
Yes, I do like that because light sabers, the action, the movement of the spaceships around in space, the fights between The fights between good versus evil I like the characters in it.
I've never heard of that movie.
I never seen that movie. I've I've I've seen a Harry Porter movie but not that not that one.
I like most movies, but I especially like movies that are based on true stories.
I think it's easier to get interested in them and to feel more involved cuz you know it happened, or at least it's based on something that happened, so it feels more real, as opposed to a fictional story.
The most recent one I watched was Moneyball. That was really good. It's a baseball movie.
I like At least right now I like baseball cuz it's playoff times and I'm enjoying that, but it's also just an interesting story. It has Brad Pitt and Jonah Hill and it's just well acted and a really interesting story.
I don't really like romantic comedies that much.
They just all feel the same to me. They just They're not very enjoyable, and they all feel They're telling the same story but with different actors. They're very cliched.
A particular movie The worst movie I ever saw was The Adventures of Pluto Nash. Nothing can be worse than that.
Cuz it's meant to be a comedy but it's not funny at all. Like saw it as a kid and I didn't laugh once.
No, I have not.
Nope.
No, I have not.
I I like horror movies.
I like Child's Play movies.
I was just scared of the orange little kid, so but I like him now.
I don't think I have one that I don't enjoy. I don't think I have one.
I don't think I have a movie that I don't enjoy.
Yeah, I love Saw.
I just like it got me thinking about stuff
I like to watch a fair amount of fantasy movies.
Recently, I watched I watched Deadpool, and I thought it was pretty good. It was pretty It was It was kind of more playful than I thought it would be.
I saw Jurassic World and man, it was pretty stupid.
I felt like it tried to recreate the first Jurassic Park a little too much, and then it was kind of over the top. Like Like some of the attractions and stuff, like the whole Actually, the whole raptor wrangler thing was pretty silly.
I've seen Ready Player One.
I mean, a lot of the A lot of the visuals were pretty incredible in that, and I thought it was neat how you know, it's like Like the type of movie I would have really wanted to see if I was like 13 or 14, it would have been A lot of fun to see it at that age.
You know, the music wasn't the best. I thought it was a little bit forced, like the music choices were a little obvious.
Typically, I enjoy comedy movies.
They're a nice little break from everyday, ordinary life. And they incite laughter, which is always a good thing. Definitely something I don't normally do throughout a day. Not unless I seek out funny things.
Well It feels like it gives the movie more substance. without adding an artificially complex story or without
I'd say Shallow Hal was a good movie, I like that movie.
Well, it's about a guy who is shallow beyond belief, who is not a very particularly attractive, Okay, Jack Black is the star of the movie or at least you know he's the guy who is playing the portrayed Hal who was very shallow and he runs across a guru motivational speaker whatever who basically changes his perception on the way that woman look and and then yeah. He essentially goes after by and large physically unattractive women as a consequence
I usually dislike drama movies just cuz I'm not I've had enough drama in my life that I don't really care to seek out more drama, even if it's fictionalized.
I have, but none that I can think of currently.
I like comedy movies.
Because they make me laugh.
Dumb and Dumber Because I I like it because The plot is interesting because Jim Carrey goes from Jim Carrey finds a briefcase and and then goes to Aspen, Colorado to retrieve it, and and he gets his friend to come along with him And he fall in love with a woman. His friend His friend does and They play pranks on each other to get the woman to like one of them more than the other. and deals with crime The plot is interesting.
I did not like Sex and the City the movie.
Yeah, because there was too much It was just too much girly things in the movie. The The movie didn't really appeal to me because there was just too much girls talking about girl topics and stuff like that.
No, I haven't seen that movie.
Yes, I haven't seen that movie. I like Keanu Reeves.
I really like action movies.
They're fun to watch. They keep you keep you excited. There's not really too many lulls in action movies.
I liked Them
It had an interesting take on the whole superhero movie you know, it's just a good watch.
I didn't like Crazy Rich Asians.
I thought it would be more funny, but it was very much more romantic instead of rom com.
No, I have not.
Yeah, actually they have some series. I'm not sure about that specific movie.
Yep, I've seen Wreck-It Ralph.
I liked the Wreck-It Ralph because it was just fun to watch it. It had a really cool twist, the movie looked beautiful with the animations. It was just a fun watch.
Lately I've been interested in foreign films, particularly ones that come out of Japan.
I really like the action movies that have come out of there in the last 10 or 20 years.
A movie I really didn't like from Japan? I can't really think of anything. Not really from Japan, but I thought the Godzilla movie could have been a little better.
Oh, I just thought that the plot was kind of weak. And, so, yeah, that was my only complaint about it really.
Oh, yeah. Definitely.
I like Wonder Woman because I like to see female superheroes. You don't see enough of those, I think. And I've always liked Wonder Woman, watched the TV show when I was a kid, so there's the nostalgia factor.
My favorite type of movie is The Avengers because it has a lot of action, and it's a superhero movies movie. And I love superheros, and I think it's my favorite kind of movie in the world. And I think it's really exciting. It's really exciting, and it's a very popular movie. And it has all sort of cool characters in there, with cool magical powers and abilities. And I think it's the kind of movie is really exciting.
Yeah, the Avengers. The Avengers has a new movie coming out called Endgame, which is the final part of The Avengers. It's part 4 of the movie.
Hello, how are you?
Hello. Go ahead. I don't mind at all.
It's a good movie.
The acting. I loved the acting in it. Really good.
Love the Jason Bourne movies. Marry good action, good acting and a good script by the way. It's a message on myself.
Yeah, he sure does and he does a good job doing it.
I did watch The Matrix movies from the beginning to the end, good movies. I don't think I'd watch them again but they were good SciFi movies.
Well, I really enjoy romance films. I think romance films are just all right, you know. And it's fair to say that romance films are probably my favorite category of film. I love the plot, I love you know the the acting. And And a lot of times the acting has to be a lot better in these romance films you'll find. At least in my opinion because the actions doesn't drive it like it does in action movies.
Yeah. Yeah, I love I don't know if you can call it a romance film, but if you If you've ever seen it, The 40-Year-Old Virgin. Really really funny film. And I was surprised when I first saw it, too. I didn't think it would have been that funny. But it was really really funny and the romance in it is pretty good. Yeah, you would be surprised about those. I mean you would really be surprised.
Oh, totally. Totally totally.
I don't like Yeah, I don't like Honestly, I don't like bad movies with bad critical reviews. You know, just in general. I would say as like a specific kind of movie, I don't like those like Lifetime movies. I don't know what you would even call them, but they're just like They're made for TV, and I totally understand some people do like them, but I'm just not one of those kinds of people. I think that Lifetime movies just kind of stink, generally. I wouldn't advise anyone to
Just the script, the plot, the shooting, it's all It's all sort of an amalgamation
Well, let me turn on Lifetime channel now dude. I mean I'm sure anything on there is just going to be absolutely absolutely garbage. I did watch one movie on there. Well I don't remember what was on there maybe it was on Oprah's network. Or maybe it wasn't in on there maybe it was in BC, kind of liked it. That one was about this teacher with Turrets how like a student wanted to swith out a process cuz he had Turrets and that one was kind of touching Yeah, just just generally like anything on Lifetime is probably Here, here, My Christmas Inn. That's what's playing right, and I'm sure that one's probably not astounding. To say the least.
I Oh, yeah yeah, I did. Is that I watched that for a film and music class in my college. All right, perfect perfect. That movie I remember I remember the boat, right? They had a boat? they had a boat in sail in the swamp. Okay I remember that, I'm definitely definitely getting vibes from that movie. I remember the end of the movie as well where they had the hanging scene, that was really powerful. I mean that was pretty powerful a little but I didn't it didn't strike me like something that would stick with me the way it did when I first saw it.
I like comic book movies, I like dramatic movies. I like suspenseful movies.
I like the feeling of not knowing what's about to happen.
Braveheart.
It was an excellent story. And when it came out, the scenes between the Scottish and the British fighting in the field were just amazingly well shot. It was beautiful to watch.
That was brutal.
I don't like I don't like horror movies or scary movies. Not because I think that they're scary but because they all seem to go for the cheap scare. The loud noise that makes you jump in your seat kind of thing.
I have heard of that. I've seen that movie.
I like science fiction. I always have ever since I was a kid and this was a very well done example of that genre.
Of course I have
I like Die Hard because it was the first time I remember seeing an action movie where the hero wasn't some gigantic muscle-bound guy. You know, he was just some regular dude that got put in a tough spot and came through.
I like comedy movies.
Well, they're an escape from reality usually and they make me laugh.
Yes.
I like the movie Joe Somebody. It was kind of quirky, you know, wasn't like overly funny, had a story to it. But it was also, you know, pretty light-hearted. Also, Tim Allen.
I mean, yes but it's it really depends on who it is. Like Tim Allan was kind of a seminal part of my childhood, so I think that's why kind of enjoyed him and he's funny but.
I don't really care much for drama cuz, well I look to movies to escape from reality and my problems. And watching drama movies is like, I don't know, escaping to another iteration of my existence. I don't want more drama. I want less of it.
I like serious movies it's just like I don't know. I guess it depends. How serious is it? What's the subject matter, you know? Like is it a deep, enriching story, or is it just like superficially dramatic for the sake of being dramatic?
I can't say I can really recall any movies that I didn't care for.
I'm not entirely sure. Maybe Greece. I didn't really I don't really care for musicals.
No, I have not.
No.
No, I don't like Thor.
I don't like all the Like the I don't know. Like is it voice acting? in that controls the characters
Yeah, so I don't know I guess the acting was bad. I was wondering if it's voice acting that controls the You wouldn't know.
Yeah, I liked the first Star Wars but I haven't seen I haven't seen any of them since that first one. Yeah, I liked the first one.
It had a good sound track. The acting was good. It was a good story.
What do you want to know about it?
Yeah I like, the casting was pretty good I guess. Yeah, the one guy that was the main character once you get that you're done for life. He's making a lot of money from that movie I don't know how it works, but yeah I like Star Wars.
Is that the thing what that what the With the guy and the therapist, is it that movie?
Yeah, I like that movie. I think that was pretty good.
I like the story-driven plot As opposed to like the Thor type movies where you have like the action driven plot.
Yeah, I like the story I like the story narratives. I like that like kind of like in About Schmidt there's a story based narrative and I like that there.
science fiction
I enjoy the speculative aspects and the fantastical bits as well as the notion of satire and also advanced technology.
No.
No.
romantic comedies
Yes.
I enjoyed the humor and the characters.
Yes.
I like the characters, the ambitious scope, and the direction.
Extinction
I didn't like the twist in the film, and I thought the characters were very flat.
Yes.
I thought it was too long, and I didn't like any of the characters.
I like sci-fi, horror.
I like the rush I get from watching them.
Interview With a Vampire.
I don't really like the romance movies, but it had a little bit of that in there. And then I like movies about vampires.
Mainly strictly romance movies. It just doesn't seem realistic to me.
No. No, there isn't.
I don't believe I have.
Yes.
I like that he went through a lot of things in his life and he persevered through everything and just kept pushing.
Not really, I don't like comic book movies that much.
I just don't find them that interesting. I think they're boring, and also I haven't been keeping up with them, so it feels like I'm too far behind to catch up.
Yeah, they're all right.
Yeah, I really like Star Wars, or sci-fi in general.
I think just the creativity and getting to see different technology and different ideas people have about the future and different things that could happen.
No, I've never seen Transformers. I didn't grow up with the cartoon as a kid, so I didn't want to see the movie.
Mostly dramas, or documentaries.
I just don't like action movies or romantic movies so much. I prefer things based on real life.
A Time to Kill
Why? I love the book. Most of the movies that I like I've read the book first.
No, the movie is never better than the book.
I don't like horror movies at all.
Yes, and have bad dreams.
Yes, I have seen that.
Yes, I liked the movie Inception. I just had to watch it twice to really understand what was going on.
No.
Yes.
I saw Home Alone when I was a child and I thought it was quite funny. At I watch a little bit of comedy sometimes, I just don't like that stupid comedy. I like more intelligent comedy.
I don't know. Just something not like Dumb and Dumber.
I really like romantic comedies.
They're fun. They're usually funny. They have a happy ending. They're more light-hearted in nature. And they're a nice escape.
One of my favorites is When Harry Met Sally.
That has a exceptional cast that really works on just about all cylinders in every single scene, and the writing is exceptional. It is funny and poignant and touching. It just really works and you can rewatch that movie a million times and still want to see it again.
The Bounty Hunter, that's not good.
That has an actor who seems to regularly get cast, but is largely miscast especially in romantic comedies. He sort of doesn't give give off the right kind of charm for this kind of movies. He doesn't pull off comedy well. He doesn't pull off sort of charming handsome pursuiter well either. And it's not a good showing from the leading actress either, it's just a poor script and poor execution.
Yes.
I like action movies.
Bourne Ultimatum
Sure. The action is non-stop. The pace of that particular movie is perfect. It just keeps going. It has a like perfect rhythm to it, even though it does technically slow down at parts. The way that the, sort of, movie soundtrack and everything works, from start to finish for like 3 hours, doesn't stop and, the acting and the writing of the movie is excellent. so it's it's a it's easily one of my favorite movies ever.
Die Hard 5, A Good Day to Die Hard, I think that was called.
What action movies, so technically I could have liked it and I basically loved everything else in the movie series but this fifth one it just really didn't use the lead character Bruce Willis as well and it had It was straining to have like subtitles. So, the story itself was not good but it was made more confusing by adding in subtitles to a series that didn't have them before. and just sort of the way it played out was just pedestrian at best. So even though the technical action scenes were pretty decent, the entire movie, the story line wasn't very believable. It wasn't written all that well. It wasn't acted all that well. It just was a disappointment.
Although I haven't seen that one, the concept is not one that really appeals to me. I know enough about what the movie is and what it's about. The type of movie, like a drama, is fine, but the concept of that particular movie is not one that I'm likely to really enjoy a ton.
Frozen is a great movie.
Well it's a animated movie, so in general, it seems like it could be geared much more towards children. But Frozen is a really well rounded, well written, well acted movie, so even though it is technically aimed at children, it's it's one that adults can easily enjoy and fall in love with. The music is great. The story line is endearing. It really works well.
science fiction
like the action and adventure and the characters are usually very interesting.
That's correct.
I really like Avengers Infinity Wars.
They disappeared.
I think they probably went off into another universe. They may come back later.
Yes, it is. It's what I'm waiting for and hopefully the follow up series.
Not really.
Oh. You're right. I didn't like Jason X.
Oh, it was based on a character that died several times in previous movies, so there's no logic to it.
Yes. Movie has to make some sense, even though it's a fantasy movie. It has to have some logic to it.
No. Too gory. Not something I would want to watch.
Good question. I like I guess like dramas like Like Godfather, like it gets crime-ish kind of.
Like Goodfellas. I really like that movie.
The story was really great and the acting was phenomenal. It was a really good movie.
Movie that I don't like. Good question.
I've never seen that movie.
I've seen it as a child, but I fell asleep viewing it so I've actually never seen any Star Wars.
I've never seen that movie either, unfortunately.
Haven't seen that one, either.
I haven't seen that one either.
The most recent movie I've seen most recent movie I have seen Most recent movie I've seen is probably It's actually been a while. I want to say Let's see. Infinity War, that's what it was called.
I mean, I like them, but it's not like My favorite type of movie. I'm just not really a big dude in terms of movies, because like I like to go more into detail in the story, and movies are really quick.
I just like the superheroes, you know, like Thanos, actually. I don't really like the villains, but I like Thanos. Like he was a pretty cool character.
I like good action movies like The Fast and the Furious movies, which aren't great movies, but they're fun movies. And so, fun action movies that don't take themselves seriously I like.
Another one in that genre or just overall?
There was a I won't say that one cuz it's too old, and I like it just for the music. But let's go with I guess The Matrix just because of how I compare most of the action movies I watch to The Matrix, but I kind of consider it. Somewhat of a sci-fi movie more than action. But I don't know, it's kind of both.
Bad superhero movies like Batman & Robin. From the '90s, the Schumacher ones. I feel like those type movies, they are more parody than Oh. Well, another one is this Speaking of parody movies, the Scary Movies, or the whatever the recent ones are. Not the Wayan Brother Scary Movie, the first or second one, but the the more recent ones, which I think they may have quit making now thankfully. Or the Lampoon pop culture and movies, I don't They're not They don't write jokes. They're just They show you the reference, and that's it. They're horrible.
Nope. They failed at their most basic point of existence. I don't think they were trying to be funny either. I I think they were just trying to cash in on the pop references in
The latest? It doesn't really matter. Yeah, I've seen all of them. They're one of my favorite series. They just keep getting better and better.
In that series I guess probably the most recent one, The Fallout. Just cuz it has the most jaw dropping stunts throughout. And knowing that Tom Cruise actually did that stuff was I think made that film even better than knowing that or thinking it was all CGI, which is another reason I like those movies, is that they use very little CGI.
Yes, I did not like it.
It was dark, but like visually dark. In the parts where it was trying to be funny, it wasn't funny. It felt like a movie from the '90s kind of like the Batman Robin which is and that's the problem with all the DC stuff, is it? Takes itself so seriously, but it it goes too far in trying to do that and imputes itself and And they also I I understand they're trying to do that to set themselves apart from Marvel, but I don't think they're being very successful. And Justice League felt like it wasn't earned. They didn't set up these characters very well. The only character that anybody really likes in them is the Wonder Woman I guess Superman to an extent, but the reason they tried to quickly cash in and catch up to Marvel and I think it Shows in the final product it's it looks pretty mess.
I like comedy movies.
They're funny to watch, and I just like to watch something like that at the end of a hard day.
Rush Hour. It's one of my movies I like to watch.
I have two guys I like watching, Chris Tucker and Jackie Chan. They're funny when they work together in all three of the movies.
Rush Hour one, the very first one.
No, that's not funny. I like Jim Carrey and all, but I don't like watching that one.
I do not like horror movies, especially the ones that are in today's age. They're too scary.
I think I do. I think I've watched it. It's It's Some of those are pretty funny. So romantic comedies I do like to watch.
I like historical movies, historical non fiction movies, and I like them because they are usually truthful and has good acting and give you a glance into the past.
Maybe Lincoln?
Well, I like the subject, and I like the acting.
I don't I don't like the movie Battlefield Earth.
I don't like the I didn't like the theme of the movie, the story, and I didn't like the special effects or the graphics, and I thought it was really bad acting.
I think it's a pretty good movie.
Well, I like the story the the series of all the Jurassic movies, and it's got pretty good action and graphics in it.
Yes.
It is one of my favorite directors. I thought it was really well directed and I I like the type of movies. I I like the historical time piece movies, so that one is one that was based on the World War II.
I like the subject matter. I I like the what it was about and the fact it was a historical time piece movie.
I have not seen it.
I have heard of this movie.
Yeah, I think I'll go see it.
I have not seen the movie Venom.
I have heard of this movie.
I think so.
No.
I don't really care for the storyline the I don't like to do is remade again and I think it's kind of played out. It's been It's been the story has been told kind of told too many times.
No.
I didn't really care for the the story that much, and I didn't really like the acting in it.
I like action movies.
They really keep you in the movie. Keeps it Keeps it interesting.
I really like the Fast and Furious 3.
No, I like the whole series, but three is my favorite.
It was It was on a very different setting, and it didn't have like the the main story line. It was more like a side story line which I thought it was interesting.
Yeah, they're pretty good.
I really don't like horror movies.
Yeah. I don't like being scared.
Yeah, I enjoy aliens.
Hi.
Romantic comedies.
Oh no, that's a action movie, but a very good one.
I mean, the last one that I watched that I really enjoyed was 27 Dresses, but that was a repeat. But the last one Duff was really good.
I have not.
Olympus Has Fallen, that was not good.
You know, I really don't like the lead actor a ton, Gerard Butler. He's been in different things, action, romantic comedies. I don't like him I think in a lot of forms. This seemed like a better fit for him, and he was still sort of a weak lead. The action was just okay. The storyline was shaky. I figured everything out very early on. Just was not that good.
Yes. I hate it.
humor. It was terrible, one of the worst movies I've ever seen.
I have. That's a great movie.
The most, probably the cast. They really got it right. It was, at the time at least, not sort of household movie names, although they had decently well known actresses in it. But they were not known for their movies. Really well cast, it really worked. It was very funny, and the cast really gelled well together to make it really work.
I like sad movies.
It made me feel sad and emotional.
I like The Lion King.
Lion King is about this baby lion who lost his father, and then he journey to this forest, and then he got help from these other two animals, and then eventually he got the throne back from his uncle.
The movie is interesting to watch, has a lot of action and but sad moments in it, as well.
I do not like movies that doesn't put much thought it into them like like those shark movies, they're terrible. Like the Sharknado, that was a terrible movie. I was just shot all over the place. There's no plot.
Yes, it was a terrible movie. There was There was no plot in it.
Doctor Strange no but I heard of it. People say it's good but I there's this so many so many seasons.
Spirited Away yeah yeah. I saw I saw it. It's an anime, right?
Well, I watched Spirited Away when I was younger. And I didn't I didn't really understand what it was about, but it was It was scary when the mom and dad turned to pigs.
No
I really like action movies.
I like the I like the action in them. I like the nonstop sort of rhythm to the movie. It sort of takes you out of reality, really immerses you into the movie. They usually are a lot of fun, although I do prefer the ones that aren't quite so violent, but in general, it's really a nice escape and a lot of fun.
My favorite is probably Bourne Ultimatum.
The cast is excellent, the writing is spectacular, and the execution is just flawless. It is like the most perfect action movie. It is just from start to finish. It's non-stop. It sort of doesn't give you a chance to breath as it sort of on it's quest for The main character Jason Bourne is on this quest to find out the truth and find justice. It's fantastic.
A movie that I disliked is A Good Day to Die Hard, that was not a good action movie.
Well, this is part of a series of movies the die hard movies. And this particular one is by far the worst. And it's really the worst because it sort of lost sight of what's it's supposed to be which is about Bruce Willis as character. And this one was I mean, there was so much boring talk, there was subtitles. The action like the special backs that they did were good, but the story line was terrible and it just as I mean, it just was so bad. It was It was so disappointing I guess because the other movies in the series are so good and this one really didn't leave up to what the rest of the series has been.
I love Mission Impossible. Yes.
I love Mission: Impossible. It's easily one of my all time favorites in terms of my favorite series of action movies Mission: Impossible is it. The Tom Cruise really shepherds the entire series very well and each movie very well. It has sort of innovative action that you just don't see in every movie which is great. So, it's sort of It really is a movie onto itself you're not going to get what you get when you go to see a Mission possible in other movies and even though the cast can change from movie to movie, it's all really worked and I think it's because the they really get a good storyline, a good writer and every single Mission: Impossible movie has had a great director.
mostly action adventure drama fantasy documentary
Usually I like movies like that that consist with those genres. I just like the storytelling, how deep some movies can get into, the characters, and pretty much like the creativity.
Mr. Nobody
because it dealt with basically all of life, making choices, and that each choice has a different consequence. So, think before you do.
I guess Spaceballs, because it was kind of just annoying in some parts. I mean, it was all right, but most of the time, you know, it just It needed to have a little bit different kind of comedy in it. I didn't like the some of the characters in it, so
The storytelling wasn't really on pace. So the plot could have been better.
Yes, I saw the first one. Didn't see the second one yet.
I thought it was a pretty funny. Actually I mean, it was a little bit different. I didn't I didn't even read the comic books which were more serious than what that movie was, but it was still outrageous and then at the same time there is a lot of action and there is an actual story to it that he goes through. So
I saw the first one and a little bit of Ragnarok, I think.
I like a science fiction movies, and I like them because they're creative and provide nice visual effects.
Avatar
It was nice cinematography. It had a good plot and good visual effects.
How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days
awful plot and bad acting
Yes.
I like the story and I liked the action
No.
I don't like the actors and actresses and I don't like the director
No.
I didn't like I don't like the franchise, and I didn't like the movie's concept.
Yes.
I really like the story, and I like the acting.
It's my favorite director and I like comic book movies, too.
action
I like the fast pace adventure of it and then stunts and things is fascinating.
Black Panther
The overall story, how it connected to the black experience, but also had a lot of action and sci-fi, but real life to it. It was like a whirlwind.
I don't like romantic comedies.
I just don't think that reality And it makes me mad to look at people think that that's the real life.
Too cliche, yes.
Yes.
I did like how that was funny, but also action, but real life, but like fantasy. Just all over the board with with you could take away from it.
Yeah, I like that one too. That was pretty good, interesting concept.
I like dramas and I like comedy.
I usually enjoy the plot and the character development.
A Beautiful Mind
I really just enjoy the topic of the film.
The plot was great, and it covers a lot of aspects of the characters
I don't like animated movies.
They are usually just a little immature for me.
I have.
No, I have not.
Yes, I've seen Inception.
I like the fact that it's thought-provoking and kind of keeps you guessing for most of the film.
I like comedy movies.
Because they make me laugh and They make me see life in a happier way.
Dumb and Dumber
I like Dumb and Dumber because its a its a story about tying to a story about the the guy played by Jim Carrey, he tries to find love by meeting by by trying to meet a woman by returning her her briefcase and then he just He does it with his friend and they have They play practical jokes on each other and they they first they first like each other then they begin like Once they get closer to find the woman, they try to pit each other against each other
Movie I did not like Project X, I did not like Project X.
There wasn't no character building on the movie. The characters weren't built up like other movies like I like Pineapple Express. It was similar to Pineapple Express with the nudity and stuff like that, plus the characters were just running around like getting naked and stuff in the movie, didn't really have much of character building element to it.
No, I haven't.
No, I haven't heard of it. Yes, I've heard of The Avengers, but never seen the never seen the movie.
Some parts of it, I seen it when I was young.
What I like about the movie? I liked it because Just shows a evil person evil character that tries to spoil Christmas for families. I just I just think it's It gives you the evil side of Christmas sometimes, likes Grinches, like people that want to do damage to other people, want to cause harm to other people.
action, thrillers, horror
Texas Chain Saw Massacre
It made me feel weird watching it and was an enjoyable movie.
had interesting characters.
I'm thinking of one.
Move on.
I've never seen it.
I don't know what it is.
I never saw it.
I might see it.
It's all right.
I liked it except for the supernatural stuff.
Yes.
Yes, I liked it.
I liked how it portrayed Batman, and I liked the villain, Scarecrow.
I've never seen it.
Never seen it.
Never seen it.
I haven't seen it, but I would like to see it.
I've heard it was good.
Never heard of it.
Never seen it.
Never seen it.
Never seen it.
I haven't seen that but I would like to see it.
I usually watch comedies a lot.
I'm not a big fan of comic book movies.
I recently watched The Founder, which is really good.
It was just interesting. Like I didn't expect a movie about McDonald's to be as interesting as it was, but it was a really neat way to look at how this started and how it expanded over the years.
No, but I saw the first one.
No. The original animated one, yeah. But, I haven't seen the live action one they made a couple of years ago.
About Beauty and the Beast? I don't know. The songs were good. It was just a neat movie. It was funny and just entertaining. It was a good Disney movie.
No, I did not.
I can't even think of a movie that I really dislike recently. I watched The Rival and I didn't like very much, I didn't think it was good enough like everybody says.
I just feel like they skipped over the part that I thought would have been really interesting was the like how they actually learned the alien language, they skipped over all of it and it just felt predictable, the movie.
I love Westerns.
I like Clint Eastwood.
I want The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
the gun fight
I don't want horror movies.
I don't like all the blood and the guts, the gory.
The clown movie
It was really bloody. It was spooky. That clown just really freaked you out.
No. I ain't seen that. What's that about?
Oh, yes, I've seen that.
I like a lot of different types of movies. I like thrillers. I like action movies. I like horror movies.
I like I like it when they're suspenseful, and I like I like kind of the the intrigue and and gore
Army of Darkness
I liked it because it was a mix of both comedy, adventure, and horror.
Yep, that's right.
That's harder. I don't like I'm not a really big fan of of like family movies or animated comedies. And I'm also not really too fond of documentaries lately.
Usually it's It has to do with the plot. They're just You know, documentaries seem to be really cookie cutter. They They kind of all seem to follow the same format, and it gets really boring after a while.
Yeah, I mean I Yeah. I don't like it if it's too predictable, definitely. Yeah. So I like I like things to be a little bit more dynamic.
A movie that I've and didn't like. Give me a minute. I think You know, one I saw recently that I wasn't too fond of was Hold the Dark.
It was a little bit too weird. It It also It also had some problems with Had some problems with the plot.
Well, some parts of it just didn't really make sense and didn't feel like they would be believable. So, it was a little bit too over the top.
I haven't seen Venom yet, but I want to I want to watch it. I'm a really big fan of Spider-Man comics. It's definitely on my worst movies to check out.
Ant-Man I did see Ant-Man. I thought it was okay. I thought it could have been better though. I like Paul Rudd, but yeah, that one that one wasn't wasn't the best. It wasn't bad though. I thought it was I thought it was just okay.
You know, I'm not sure. I just I thought it was trying to be a little bit too funny as opposed to being more like a action adventure movie.
I have seen quite a few of them, I believe. Maybe all of them. I don't I'm not sure. I can't remember if I've seen them all, but I've seen most of them, at least.
Oh, those are really cool. Definitely the first one is really good. I I really like the I really like the, you know, the Disoriented. The whole Disoriented spy thing is really cool to me. All of the different elements of the spycraft are are pretty cool in that movie.
Hey, thank you. You, too.
I like comedy movies.
I like that it's funny.
One of my favorites. How about Eight Crazy Nights?
Eight Crazy Nights is about I believe Adam Sandler is like depressed cuz he His parents died in a car accident when he was a kid, and so he like particularly the holidays for whatever reason. I can't remember. And yeah, it just kind of follows through him going from being a grouchy asshole about the holidays to liking them and being a liked person.
It is pretty funny.
Well, for one, I like that it was animated cuz well yeah, I just like animated movies usually. I also like that it was just funny.
I can't say that I do, but I've never watched it, so
I've never watched that either, honestly.
I don't like drama movies.
I just You know what, I got enough drama in my own life. I don't need more through a movie.
I like sci-fi movies quite a bit.
It's an interesting take on the future and kind of seeing what people think the future will be like and it's just neat to see how people's brains were able to come up with ideas that might be realistic.
I haven't seen it in a while but I really liked Gattaca.
It's sci fi, but it's realistic sci fi in that it feels like it could actually happen in the future, and it's just an interesting story, and that's why I like it.
I'm not a big fan of comic book movies.
There are just too many of them that I feel so far behind that I don't want to have to catch up on all the ones I've missed. So when I do finally sit down and watch one, it feels like what's the point? Because there's like 50 others I haven't seen, so it feels hard to get invested.
Disney's Dinosaur, I think it was Disney, that they made back in the '90s was terrible.
I don't really remember much about the movie cuz I was like seven or six when I saw, but I remember even the kid I was sitting on the theater wanted to walk out just cuz it was so boring. Nothing was interesting.
No, the latest one, yeah.
I like movies with a really intricate plot, something like with great acting, and something with a lot of adventure and mystery.
I really like like the movie A Star Is Born.
I like the plot, and I like the story line. And I really like the acting and the music.
I really dislike movies that are have poor acting and silly plots that don't make any sense and and just, you know Movies that just don't make any sense and are just bad overall.
I really hated this movie Airborne. It just made no sense, and it was really bad.
Yes, the acting was terrible.
I have not seen Inception.
I really love action movies.
One movie I really loved was Venom.
I liked that it had a sci-fi spin on it, and I also loved the acting and the short stints of comedy in it that really stood out.
There's been a lot over the years, but one of the big ones that I didn't really like the first time I watched it was John Wick.
I felt that the story wasn't developed that well. It was just too heavy of action which resulted in the movie not appealing to me the first time I watched it.
Yes, I have.
Yes, I loved it.
I really like action movies.
They're a great escape. You are almost never thinking about much else besides the movie you're watching, kind of nonstop from start to finish, and they're usually a lot of fun. The action is a lot of fun. A lot of times, the storylines are either fun or intriguing, and all the better if the acting is good, and the action movies can sort of go both ways with acting, but usually there's enough action to carry things through if the acting's not there.
recently Black Panther
I loved it.
It's very high quality action. It is very a lot of fun, actually very inspiring. The story is great, sometimes that suffers in this kind of movie, but this one, the story is great. It's very exciting, and it really is It's a very full complete movie. So, you really get a lot of great acting, great action and it's just And it's also It really is a lot of fun.
I stay away from a lot of sci-fi movies.
They can be good but a lot of them are high concept and the execution will be way off. And I watch a movie and try to understand it as opposed to sort of going with it and a good deal of the Sci-Fi don't make a lot of sense.
Yes.
Yes.
I loved it. I love all the Mission: Impossible movies. It's probably my favorite franchise at this point and it was as good as the ones before and it is Always from start to finish. Usually really well edited so that there is not a lot of extra going on that sort of distracts from the movie. The characters are engaging, and one's that pull you in even though there is always several who are new and unfamiliar to you it doesn't seem to matter. It' just each of the Mission Impossible picks up and introduces you to You like them and you just go with the story. It's always great.
Yes. I am, too.
No. That's a little scary for me.
Yeah, like if my friends wanted to see it, I would go with them.
sure
Oh god, there's so many. That's a tough choice here. I would have to go with Back to the Future.
All of them, especially the first one. The first one is the one that I saw when I was growing up, so it really left a deep impression on me.
All the characters, actually. They have their own little quirks and their own little backgrounds and everything. So, that's very cool. And especially, well, all the sets, you know? It's It's built like a real place. So, it feels real, too, if that makes sense. Like it's not like it's made up for the movie.
Yes, although we don't have flying cars yet. But we have self-driving ones.
Yes, it'd be very convenient until everybody has one and now the air spaces are too busy.
Oh, boy! We are looking maybe in the next 50 years. I know they are working on it but before it is publicly available, it is going to be a long time.
Doc Brown, the professor. He plays a really good character in these It just worked out really well the way that they cast him, and he's really into character. Like it feels like he was made for the role.
Yeah. Yeah, I like to tinker. Not that I invent things, but it does speak to me.
Better way to get your power. And if you think even Back to the Future, they had this little mini nuclear reactor for your house. That'd be awesome.
Yes. Solar power is nice but it's still limited on it's form depending on the area that you leave.
The scene that I really liked was the one where he eventually gets back like the the whole suspense to last, you know, 15 20 minutes when they are building up trying to get him back to his own time.
It's suspenseful. It pulls you into the movie. Like the first time I saw it, I was on the ends of my seat and I was almost screaming at the screen, you know?
No. I watched it at home. I wasn't old enough to go to the theater.
Yes. And it was a good movie to watch when we're young.
I hate sports movies. They just don't interest me, I think they're boring. If I wanted to watch something sports, I would watch it myself. Like I watch like real sports, not a sports movie.
If I have other options, then I would watch something else. If I had to pick, you know, if you go to movies, and you get to pick between three shows, then of those three movies and one of them is a sports movie, it's an automatic out.
No.
Yeah, I've seen a few. I did enjoy Rocky. The first couple of Rocky movies were good. The Blind Side, which is a sports movie, but it's more a drama. And Space Jam, of course. Everybody loves Space Jam.
Drama.
I like movies that involve time travel of some kind.
Because it makes for like interesting plot lines for like you know people go back to the past to change something in the present or to change something that's going on in the story.
One of my favorite movies is 12 Monkeys.
It's It kind of you know it deals with the with the hero who's trying to stop the Apocalypse from happening by time traveling.
I'm not a real big fan of romantic movies.
I just think it's hard to stay interested in a in a love story. Cuz you kind of already know, you know, everything that's going to happen. It's like the the formula gets like boy meets girl. Boy has a misunderstanding with girl. And then boy get's reunited with girl at the end or something like that.
Yeah, I've seen Die Hard. Man, that is a classic.
I liked how unpredictable it was. You know, they they kind of get the character stuck into situations that, you know, you wouldn't normally see in an action movie, and then they're kind of forced to, you know, watch it play out.
Yeah, I saw The Avengers. It's been a while, though. I don't know if I could tell you about it or not.
Oh, I mean there're always amazing special effects and and crazy action sequences. And if I recall, you know, The Avengers was probably one of the better superhero movies that I saw.
Comedy movies.
Yeah, Airplane! is a good comedy movie.
It's slapstick comedy, Leslie Nielsen. It's all It's all fantastic. Makes me laugh. It's a good time.
No. I mean, it's just a classic. It's fun to watch with my parents, fun to watch with people for the first time, things like that.
I can't think of one right now. But no, yeah. Some some comedy movies are pretty bad. They're not very funny. But I just can't think of one off the top of my head unfortunately.
the write cast, the writers, others actors in the write together
I have seen Gone Girl. I don't really remember much about it but yeah.
I I remember liking it. Yeah, I didn't dislike it.
I like romance movies.
I like romance movies cuz they're romantic and they're fun to watch.
I like Romeo and Juliet.
I like that movie cuz it's very romantic and sad at the same time.
I do not like. The Notebook
Because it's a boring movie, and the the romance in this thing is fake.
No, I have not seen this movie.
No, I have not heard of it.
The Shape of Water No, but it seems interesting.
I have.
I like this kind of movie because this kind of movie because it seems to be the great action movie for magic and than the sea creatures.
I like fantasy movies.
Because they're out of this world, and they make me think about life in a a way that I wouldn't think about it.
Street Fighters: The Legend of Chun-Li
Because just like I like the street fighters franchise I just feel like the movie that I watched like a couple weeks ago it goes with it deals with a crime gang like organized crime gang The boss wants to take over the small town that that the woman I just find I just find the plot to be interesting, and it excites me. It makes me It makes me keep me on my at the edge of my seat.
I do not like Pokémon: The First Movie because I don't like the plot, and there wasn't much character development.
No, I haven't seen that movie.
No, I haven't heard of it.
I've seen some of it, yeah.
Usually whatever's good, I guess. I watch all the Marvel movies that come out. As far as what I watch at home, it's just whatever seems interesting and has a good rating, usually on Netflix.
My favorite movie is Moonrise Kingdom.
I'm a big fan of the director, and I really like the storytelling and art style of the whole movie.
I also liked the characters, it's a really good cast.
A movie I didn't like. I guess recently I would say Pacific Rim.
It just seemed a little mindless to me. I wasn't a fan of any of the characters or what was going on.
I didn't see that.
The new one, I enjoyed a lot. I'm a big Disney fan and I enjoyed the movie when I saw it.
Not really. Nothing was too amazing about it, but I just enjoyed it.
I didn't see that.
That's an old one I haven't seen in a while, but I liked it when I saw it.
Not specifically. I think I just I had been invested in the series, so it was nice to see the next part, but nothing about it was specifically amazing.
I didn't see it.
I didn't see that, either.
I saw that. I enjoyed it. I think it was a really good start to the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
Not specifically. It's been a while, so I don't really remember any details.
Really like Good Will Hunting. Transformers, the idea's okay, but the movies are not. I don't But, I like the genre they're in. I haven't seen When Harry Met Sally.
Mainly the directing, the there's no characters usually it doesn't make any sense, there's no real plot and the transition from scene to scene is bewildering. And it almost causes emotion sickness.
Well, I kind of like the the genre or the the genius who has to learn to be a genius type movies, or it's similar to I also like con movies and heist movies where there's just somebody who's really smart doing smart things and trying to get away with something, I guess.
Yes, it's one of my favorites. It's everything Transformers is not.
Well, for Matrix it had it had the action it kind of had the similar to like the Good Will Hunting where it somebody like a genius or somebody who is great who has discovered they are great and then also the it has like the it has a little bit of a twist ending on the end that makes the whole movie make sense and it just has a lot of things that I like.
More so for the sequels, it can be a little too dense or incomprehensible in what they are trying to get across. Whereas the first Matrix didn't do that. It was very kind of a standalone film story. Where And the sequels did not. But in terms of what I didn't like in the first Matrix, it was just I can't really think of anything. It's That's why it's one of my favorite movies.
Mhm, you're welcome.
I like war movies. I also like documentaries.
War movies I like because they're more serious, less dramatic, or less overblown I should say. Less exaggerated, whatever. Documentaries, the same thing, but to an even more extreme degree. They're usually more factual, or based entirely in facts, whereas they might be a little drab and boring. Depending on the subject, and how the how the documentary is done.
I have really enjoyed. I really I really enjoyed the documentary about Aaron Swartz. Just because it was a really interesting documentary about him. It really shed some light on on Reddit and on how it was created. How, you know, like some of the stuff that he went through. All of that stuff.
I don't generally enjoy drama movies I just don't like drama movies cuz I have had so much drama in my own life and I have now. You know, I I'd I don't know. I just don't really find it is much of an escape as other movies provide.
Honestly, I can't really think of any movies that I don't like. Like if I don't feel like I'm going to like a movie, I won't bother even watching it. So, which is why I don't watch a whole lot of movies.
fantasy movies
Yes, I love Harry Potter movies. They are full of fantasy. I love how each one of them has different Patronuses.
Stardust is another favorite movie that I like.
I liked the movie because he was able to travel to a whole different world just by crossing the border.
I don't like documentaries.
Yes, they are very very boring.
Yes, I have heard of the movie Inception.
I liked the movie because it was about a dream going into a dream in another dream. It was just Fantastic.
Yes, I have seen the movie Wreck-It Ralph.
I liked the movie because it showed that he wasn't just a Wreck-It Ralph. He could do whatever he wanted to do and be different.
Gives me the life to keep living and like just every story is the same not the same and to live and experience a new like a person's story.
Yeah, I love The Wild. It's a new film. Into the Wild. The authentic relationship between father and daughter, and then or father and son, and then father and wife.
I don't like romantic comedies
It's just silly.
Yes.
I didn't like the spikiness of it and then I mean, I do understand the historical content, but I just didn't like what they were talking about.
action movies
They make me feel like a hero.
Die Hard
I really like Bruce Willis. And I like the cop.
Twilight
It's a love story. The vampires are fake.
It was okay.
The Notebook.
The love story is unbelievable. I don't like the actress.
I have never seen it.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
I dislike the story. I dislike how he has a bunch of money.
I like dramas.
because they central on the idea of real life, of what's really going on in the human experience which I think is important for collective influence.
I like the Inception
Because it was not only his fantasy, it was also real life. And the characters were well portrayed.
I do not like Fast and Furious.
I don't think it is good writing. I think it is lazy storytelling on the part of cars that are not real.
Yes.
I liked the graphics and things of Avatar. But it was still kind of fake. But I do like how cool it was. Thank you.
I love sci-fi movies. That's my favorite category.
I like the future aspect. I like the idea that Things are going to be different and have a fun and new feel, too.
When it first came out, I loved the movie Inception. I like the visuals, and I like the idea that it was a dream within a dream. And it was confusing and fun, and it make you watch it multiple times.
The movies I don't like often are Star Wars-type movies. They are fun, futuristic, and space movies. But the political part of the movies are just so boring that it's hard to get into.
Yes, I have.
I like comedies.
I love What was it called?
It was all great because to see all the girls going on a trip and sharing different experiences and seeing different personalities away from home, and it was just awesome.
Yep. I like that. Sadly, I don't have friends, but at least watching a movie make me think that that is possible.
Don't like science fiction.
Cuz I found them fake all the time. Every time I would watch a movie like those, I'll be so annoyed, because they look just fake.
Nope. Do you? Are you?
No, let's say Godzilla.
Right, like a comedy or drama, you know? Where you see what happens in real life.
I guess I did. I don't remember quite well. But yeah, I remember that this girl was single and that her friend was going to get married, and she asked her to be one of her bridesmaid, and it was awesome.
Most definitely.
I didn't watch that movie. What is it about?
I have not watched the movie, so I don't know. I'm not sure.
I like action adventure films because there's a lot going on, and keeps me in suspense, and they're fun to watch.
Like True Lies
Sure. It was a lot of action. You know, a lot of witty dialog, lot of stuff going on. You know, just a good plot, good story, very interesting.
Nightmare on Elm Street
I'm not really into horror films or films that try and scare you. Never liked those, so that's That's probably why.
This is not my genre, you know, Just don't like being scared. No. And I find that they're not very entertaining either.
Haven't seen it.
Haven't seen that one, either.
Yes.
Maybe. Yes. lot of action, good dialog, just the action scenes were great, you know?
I like it because there's a lot to see. It keeps your attention. You want to know what happens next, and there's a lot of interesting scenes.
Yes.
There's a lot of action once again and a lot of thing to see and it's never boring.
I like Science fiction, thrillers, some horror movies, dramas, and a few comedies I think. Mainly from childhood I guess.
Well, I think the obvious one being that they show you something you don't experience or never seen before in, you know, our reality. And often times they are a template or it's a way to talk about our reality through some other just, you know, extra worldly imaginative world that the writer or director or whatever creates. And it's it's fun just to be able to leave and visit a different world, I guess.
In that genre, or overall?
Ooh, that would be tough. Well, the first one that comes in mind oddly is not science fiction, but the movie Seven mainly because of how well paced it is I think. Yeah, and indie.
Well, recently the new Jurassic World movie, Fallen Kingdom I think is the sequel. I didn't I didn't really like the first Jurassic World but I I just don't understand why they're as popular as they are when none of the Jurassic Parks except for the first one has been really very good and this one is I don't even really remember much about it other than I was kind of bored by it, and things just didn't make any sense.
Yes, and I very much enjoyed it.
About movies like Logan?
I like romantic comedies.
Annie Hall is a great movie.
I like the character interaction and I like the time period, very interesting.
It's funny. I like a I like a funny movie, too.
I didn't like The Exorcist.
I don't like horror movies. Don't like movies that are disgusting and make me upset.
Yes, I would.
I I think the actors and actresses are very attractive. I think it's light, It's not violent, and it's a little bit funny, it's amusing so yeah that's why I like that movie movies.
Loved that movie. Liked it very much.
The acting was superb. The story was unique, novel. And it just flowed all really well and it was a very happy ending.
Rush Hour 3
Great Great plot, funny, good humor, clean humor.
Funny People
no plot, bad humor, very inappropriate.
Yes.
Good story line, nostalgic childhood memories.
No.
Not too sure what it's about.
Yes, I would like that movie.
oh great story line, great history, spending time with friends, a lot of people enjoy it as well
Yes.
good story line and lots of action
Hey.
I like Mr. Rodgers Neighborhood, the documentary, once you get my neighbor, I thought that was really good.
It's really personal to them. Like it really hones in on him and talks about his life and all the time he spent PBS and all of the kids he came in contact with. At times I thought it was too reverent, but other times it was truthful and powerful.
Yeah, I would say like I liked Of Mice and Men. I thought that was really good. The 19 The The TV movie in the '80s. I don't think it was a TV movie, but it was in the '80s. It was John Malkovich played Lennie, and that was a really good adaptation. I thought it was better tha the 1920s film.
You know, I I tend not to watch bad movies, you know? Like if it's a bad movie, I just won't go watch it. Like if it has bad reviews, it's not worth my time, you know? I want to see a good quality product if I go out to see something, I don't want to see something that's going to be awful. I am spending my money and my time to go and watch something. So I want to get something good for that.
I never seen that movie.
I've never seen it. Again, like, I don't watch movies a whole lot. I haven't really seen The last, like, I think the last time I was in a movie theater, I saw Avatar and I kind of liked that. That was a long, long time ago. Many, many years.
I really like a romance movie, something very serious and maybe a little sad.
It just really pulls at my heart, and it makes it feel real.
I really liked Brokeback Mountain.
Its certainly a make-love story and now I wasn't actually expecting that going in. And even though it was a couple in the movie it just feel the love between them and it was really nice.
The ending was a little sad for me, but it was still nice.
I really don't like cheesy comedies just nothing but laughs. A laugh here and there is okay, but I prefer more serious movies.
No, I didn't. Even though it was a nice movie, just I really don't like animation or kids movies. I want something with a little darker theme.
The Imitation Game is a good movie. Not really a romance, though. But it's still a very good movie.
The main character was just depressed and stranded to his thing but everybody kept just giving him problems. And he still overcame that.
Hi Assistant.
I I like drama movies.
Oh, because most of the drama movies are well acted, and I really enjoy the stories, and it takes me away from all my troubles.
I really like The Shawshank Redemption.
was very suspenseful and really kept me interested.
I really didn't like the I can't think of the name of it, pretty women
It wasn't very realistic. It was too tongue and cheek, like ton of sappy.
No, I didn't really like that movie.
No, I really don't like science fiction at all. Did you like that? Oh, science fiction is just like boring to me and not very realistic and just doesn't keep my interest.
sure
I generally like comedy movies cuz they're fun and silly. You know, and you don't have to think too much. You can you know, just sit and kind of veg out and forget about your troubles and laugh.
I really like the Hangover movies. They were really funny. Zach Galifianakis is hilarious.
Yeah. His schedule is super consistent. Oh men, he just kind of got workier and workier as it as it went on. Before the boy is a doctor.
Trying to think of something that I've watched that I There's been a couple that I got on Netflix and just Or not Netflix, but RedBox and couldn't even finish them. Can't think any other names right now but I can't really think of any. No big fan of documentaries, but I can't think of any one specific movie that I just hate. Although like I said there have been a couple that I'll put in the DVD Player and watched about 10 or 15 minutes of it and didn't even finish it. It was so unforgettable that I can't even remember the name of
You know, I would like to go to the movies for escape and most documentaries want you to feel something or got a story to tell you. I mean, there are some good ones but I think for the most part is just you know if you want to get educated take a class or something but if you want to go to the movies I want something lively and fun. Something that I don't have to think too much. or get upset
Yeah.
Oh yeah. I've got the DVD around here somewhere. Yeah, I'm a big Yes, I like Quentin Tarantino, and the actors in that are really great. That kind of launched his career, even though that wasn't the first movie he wrote.
Yes, that's kind of a classic.
Yeah, I seen all three of them. The first two being the better of the three. The third one is almost unwatchable.
It was just bad. It was just kind of an afterthought after the two the success of the first two. The third one just seemed like a money grab. It wasn't well written. Story wasn't all that good, and I don't know. It just didn't make sense the way it was presented.
Oh yeah. Definitely. And you know, I came to it late. I didn't see it when it first came out. I knew what I was getting into, and so it wasn't very surprising. But well it kind of was, cuz it was worse than what I had heard it was, so But, yeah. The third one was just bad. Only the acting wasn't bad, but the writing of the the whole plot was just kind of messed up. Compared to the first two, I mean, you're talking about two of the probably the two of the top 10 movies of all times.
Yeah.
I'd like action movies, I like comedy. I like American movies, Denzel Washington especially. I like action I like war movies, I like spy movies, because they are thrilling and exciting.
I like the Bourne movies. I like My favorite movie is Shooter.
Because sniper movies are very exciting and how snipers go about their business and war is very exciting. You understand.
I like the explosion and the special effects, as well. Yes, setting up a sniper scene is very exiting.
I don't like The Last Airbender. I don't like movies that are very fake. And are very very unrealistic.
I do enjoy animated movies.
Yes, by fake I mean unrealistic stories.
I have. I like Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs. I've watched it before. I enjoyed I enjoyed Snow White and Seven Dwarfs cuz it was a very interesting story.
I like comedy movies.
Because they are I like to have fun and laugh during movies.
Step Brothers
Because it was really funny. I liked the characters and I liked the brothers then how they had fun and the adventures they went on and stuff like that.
Not that I can think of right now.
I do not like romance movies at all.
They're just boring and I just can't get into them.
Yes.
No.
No, I have not.
Yes.
Yes, it does.
I like comedies, I like some dramas. I don't really like horror films.
I like to laugh, I like to have an enjoyable experience watching the movie, I like to feel good afterwards.
Oh, most kinds. As long as it's not like not funny, I'll watch it.
I like ones that have an engaging story.
Well, I just don't get scared by them. And I just don't usually get the part to engage in.
Correct.
I like the movie Tag.
It was funny, and it had good actors.
Taken.
It had an interesting plot and a good lead actor.
The Conjuring
I just didn't find it scary.
Not really, no.
I think I have, yes.
I have seen The Avengers.
I like movies that are based on true story.
I think it's just easier to get invested in the story knowing it's at least partially true, so it feels more real, like you can get more invested in the characters.
I watched Apollo 13 recently, and that's a really good movie.
I've always liked space travel, like it's just an interesting idea, and so seeing the story of how their mission went wrong and how they got back was just really fascinating.
I don't like comic book movies very much.
There's just too many of them. Like I fell behind, and I've never felt like catching back up, so I just tend to ignore all of them, and they just generally don't interest me that much.
The movie I didn't like Available. I saw that recently, I didn't like that movie.
No.
I like historical war movies and dramas.
I like the action, the historical significance, the setting. I'm a big World War II fan, so Well, not a fan of world wars, but a fan of the the time period.
Yes, Saving Private Ryan.
I don't like romantic comedies at all. I think they're a waste of time and money. I just don't find them funny.
Sure, When Harry Met Sally.
No, I have not.
I've heard about it. Yes, but I've not seen it.
I did like The original Mary Poppins was fun, so maybe I don't know. I'm a lot older now.
Yes.
Oh, yeah. I thought it was really good. I did enjoy it. Yes.
I like action movies.
They're fun and interesting to watch.
Yes. I like the Harry Potter movies.
Yes. It has magic in it. And there's the cockroaches.
I don't like scary movies
I don't really watch that much horror movies cuz I don't like them.
No, I have not.
I have not.
I don't think so.
Yeah, I've seen it.
I saw it when I was younger. I was I was kid, so I think it was interesting that the toys came to life. It's fun to watch.
Yeah. You're emotional to watch. That's what I like about it.
Hello. I like comedies, dramas, suspense, mysteries, family movies.
I like to laugh and I really like comedies for that reason and I like to be entertained.
Yes. I can name a a like 21 Jump Street, the most recent one, the was put out.
I like that it had a lot of humor in it, and it kept me laughing from pretty much the beginning of the movie to the end of the movie.
I really enjoyed the actors.
Yes, I do not like the movie The Hills Have Eyes.
I just thought it had too much gore, and I also felt like it just wasn't a very good story.
I haven't seen it.
I do like that movie.
I like the fact that it just shows you what people are willing to go through for survival and I thought at the time I had a different plot to it that was interesting.
Yes, I do.
Yes, I liked it because it was full of suspense, you just didn't know what was happening next. And I just thought that It was just a pretty cool movie. very entertaining
pathology
I like that the doctors who are seen as people of high moral are going against this moral to commit crimes and cover there murders, it's very interesting and intriguing to me.
I like the suspense. I like the raunchiness, sex scenes, the murder scenes. Is very Is very on edge. I like it.
Iron Fist or Jessica Jones.
I dislike after a few episodes it kind of got still and it felt it felt a little repetitive. Like it felt like they were just using fillers to make the season go out or to give people another season. I kind of like the first season where it was very suspenseful and every episode made you feel like you wanted to watch the next one.
I did not watch the movie I heard about it, I know it's a old movie and very reputable like Scarface but I haven't seen it.
I haven't seen Wonder Woman as well. I'm actually behind on my movies.Like I need to see Avengers, I need to see Infinity Wars, I need to see Black Panther, so I'm king of behind. I've been busy. I did see the Hunger Games. I've seen the first one, if I remember.
I did like it. I like how it was fictional and somehow nonfictional. Like it was realistic fiction, put it like that. I like how the people were actually in the simulation and how there were other forces controlling it, kind of think it was like foreshadow, like The Matrix, how it has a deeper meaning, some time of, not satire, but just an underlying meaning of it message.
It I like how it forced people in the Hunger Games to work together, people that they didn't like, how they end up working together and It It was just very intriguing seeing people change priorities when their life was at stake, and it's very interesting. Very on edge.
No. I like the first one. I haven't seen the second one, but I like the first one.
Aside from Jessica Jones, I consider that a movie, and the Iron Fist, not really, no.
Generally I like to stay with science fiction movies, anything that's paranormal or futuristic or anything like that.
Yes, the Terminator 2 was a really great movie.
A great science fiction story with time travel, good characters, and a really good plot that actually made sense.
Science fiction Armageddon, supposedly it was a good movie, but I don't like it. I guess I don't like Bruce Willis. Yeah. There's a story where it's just really weird, an it felt like they didn't know where they were going with the plot. So it's kind of like club all together into a movie. Like splicing 10 different parts together into a movie, and here you go, here's the movie with kind of a plot.
I did not. No. I heard it was really bad.
Yes, I did watch Captain America. Yeah, I thought it was okay.
I like science fiction movies.
Yes. I love the I think it was called The Last Jedi.
That was awesome.
I wasn't a fan of the Ant Man movie I saw today. It was not that funny, it was not one of my favorite modern movies. It seemed too contrived.
I just thought they made it up as they went along. It's kind of slow in some parts. It seemed like I was watching a TV show instead of a movie. It didn't seem big budget enough.
No, I haven't seen it yet, but I heard very good things about it. I I'd love to see it.
It sounds like something I should check out. Maybe I'll watch it over the weekend.
No, I haven't seen that. I really have not even heard of that movie.
Oh yeah, I love The Matrix movie also real good.I love Neo. I love that concept about the red pill and the blue pill, it was a pretty good concept to learn.
Great action scenes in that movie.
Pretty much everything except like Hallmark type movies or really really cheesy rom coms or family movies and some documentaries I don't some. If some the documentary is really dry, I can't get into it, it puts me to sleep.
As a movie, or a genre?
Probably action movies. I mean it's always fun to watch things blow up, you don't have to put much thought into it but so I guess that's the easiest answer to give.
In that genre, or overall?
Well, the most-recent one I liked and isn't an action movie, really, is Paddington 2. Which is a very much a that kind of cheesy family movie I said I don't really like. But it's just enough, and maybe it's cuz of the political climate we're in and everything. So cynical and negative that something that joyous and positive, I enjoyed. Whereas if Things were going better in politics or the world. I mean I'd see it as that but yeah, I would answer Paddington 2.
Can't think of anything recently. Well, there's a movie I always give which is a movie called Spartan by David Mamet, or at least it's written by David Mamet. And it's laughable how he's known for writing and very kind of his dialog and characters and I thought it was somebody making fun of his style, but it wasn't. It was all in earnest and it it was just awful It made me laugh throughout the whole thing, how bad it was.
Matt Damon? Yes. And read the book.
Well, for that movie, it's kind of for the movie I There was a question before where you're asking about what movie I could or genre I could always watch. That's always going to be Die Hard. And I think The Martian is very similar in that it's a man trying to outwit his circumstances. In Die Hard, it's he's just an every-day Joe cop guy In The Martian, you know, he's a scientist, really smart guy. But it's seeing him be very confident figuring out in a very dangerous situation that how to survive, and that was very fun to watch.
comedies Also, I like foreign films.
A comedy just makes me laugh it takes my mind off my troubles, and foreign films are really interesting I like to see what's going on around the rest of the world.
Yes, exactly.
I like anything with Melissa McCarthy in it.
She's funny. She's a great comedic actress.
No, I like all of them.
No, I mean I like all movies.
I really enjoy the Harry Potter movies.
I enjoyed the books.
I never watch horror movies or scary movies.
I don't like being scared, and I don't enjoy jump scares when the movie purposefully tries to startle you.
I have not seen that movie yet.
Yes, I have seen that movie.
I did not really like Fight Club.
I thought it was a violent movie.
I like drama movies coz they're engaging and available, and also I like mysteries and crime dramas because they're also very engaging.
I like Training Day.
I enjoy the acting. I like the score and I like the way that the movie was shot like the cinematography and I'm also a huge Denzel Washington fan.
Right, what was his first movie?
Okay. How many movies has Denzel Washington made?
Oh, that's interesting.
I hate the Saw movies. I hate Saw, that movie.
I think it's gory, and I think all the And the acting is bad.
I never seen The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring.
Yes.
No.
Yes, I love the movie Hunger Game: Mockingjay Part 1.
I like Jennifer Lawrence and I like movie setting like the Pan whatever it's called and I like the city.
Yes, I love the movie Forrest Gump.
I like Tom Hanks. I like his the way he acted at that point in time and I also like the transition of theirs.
I never see Johnny English Strikes Again.
No.
Now I don't like the movie The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies.
Yeah.
No.
Yes.
I like the setting and I like the the pharmacy acting. And I like the action. Do you like the movie Waiting to Exhale?
Me, too.
I like action, horror, adventure, fantasy.
They make me think, and they make me smile, and yeah.
Yeah.
Avengers: Infinity War
It is action packed with my favorite characters.
Yes, I do.
Romance movies
It's just boring boring to me.
Not at the top of my head.
No, but I heard good things about it.
Yes, I have.
Yeah.
I prefer comedies or thrillers.
I find them to be most interesting. I can be in different moods. Sometimes I want to think. Sometimes I just want to sit and laugh.
What actors are in it, what the message of the movie is, what kind of mood am in when I want to watch it those are all things I would factor in.
I don't like anything that's sci-fi or has zombies or any weird kind of stuff like that. I like realistic movies, movies that make sense.
I like the movie The Skeleton Key a lot.
a haunted house and a girl that moves in and finds weird stuff going on.
It's a good one. You'll like it.
I like watching action adventure movies. I watch a lot of comedy. I'm into comedy. I like I was starting to get into new stuff like documentaries and biopics. That's probably like a new thing I want I'm trying out for a bit.
Let's see. The last movie I've seen that fits one of my pics. It's a documentary. It's called the It's about the Fyre Festival.
It went onto how everything started and about the guy the person who went about in starting the festival. And how it became from a good idea to a huge mess at the end and how he how the aftereffects affected him in real life.
Like I said, about Knowing how it started, and how the guy who started it went about scamming all these innocent people, and at the end he got arrested at the end because what he did was horrible. And everything became a huge mess, and it became a social social media thing where everybody was talking about it.
I like how it's it was filmed because they used different perspective. Like they used footage from cameras from people who went. Footage from people who were working on there. They used like a whole bunch of different footage from different camera types. But Yeah, I really did enjoy the story more than anything because it was a big big deal when it aired because that was one of the biggest things to go wrong in 2018.
that I didn't like. It's kind of hard cuz I like a lot of movies. But comedy wise, I'll choose the Sherlock movie with Will Ferrell.
It was like so bad. I walked out in the middle of the movie because I didn't want to watch anymore and I requested a refund.
Yes, I have seen it. I've I own a copy.
It was okay. They could have done They could have done better with the story. It wasn't like memorable like the others X-mans stories that I enjoyed.
I like thrillers.
they keep you on you toes while you're are watching, coz you know assuming what's going to happen. You know its interesting especially if its a mystery thriller, trying to figure out the solution before the characters in the movie do.
I like Dial M for Murder a lot.
It's just well written, and it's an interesting story and a neat idea. It's just well executed. I like Alfred Hitchcock movies a lot, so
I didn't like A Knight's Tale.
I don't remember exactly. We watched it in highschool and I just remember really being bored with it when everyone else liked it and I didn't get why people liked it. It was like a modern tale and fantasy story and I just didn't like it.
No, I have not.
I've heard of it. Yeah.
Yep, I've seen Forrest Gump.
Type of movies I like, I like How can I describe it? Like Like the Marvel movies, like like like Avengers and stuff like that.
I think Thor was a really good movie.
I guess it was like high energy, and I guess the main characters just really appeal to me.
I think Venom was pretty bad. I think Venom was quite bad.
The first reason? Probably have to say is the the acting doesn't seem like good and the writing was poor.
Yeah, I do.
I like how the actors are grouped together. I just think it's really cool.
Second reason is getting the actors together. I think it's I think it's really cool.
I think I really like Stan Lee. And I think He's a really good I like the universe he makes. I've just been a longtime fan since I was young.
I've seen the trailer but I've never watched it.
Probably not. It's just isn't like something I'm interested in.
Yeah, I think that looks pretty good.
I think the actor looks really cool, and I like the setting. I think the setting still looks good.
I think I think fighting's pretty cool.
I've never seen it.
No.
Never seen it.
No.
Yes. I really do I really do like that movie.
Tony Stark I think's a really good actor, and I'm a big fan of technology. I like how he utilizes it to be pretty powerful.
The technology part. That's what I like.
Oh, love bridesmaids.
Well, the cast was perfect. At the time, these were well known actresses but not superstars. They best became superstars after the movie. But they still cast it correctly and didn't try to go for a bigger name and that net didn't necessarily hit the rocks, so that part they got completely correct. It was It's also more of a body comedy, it's not little Not afraid to be Raunchy, real, definitely a more realistic way of how women talk when they're just by themselves together. Love the whole movie, love the cast love the movie.
Superbad was okay.
Sure, when I saw Superbad I was probably in my very late 20s or maybe early 30s. So I was sort of out of the time when that was probably if I was maybe 10 years younger, I may have loved it. But it was a little juvenile for me even though it was funny, it did not resonate with why they were so obsessed with it. But it was funny, it was entertaining, it just wasn't didn't I didn't come away with it being a favorite or anything. It is sort of a it's a high school tale and that doesn't usually affect What age I see that at I can remember high school too right now even though I'm nowhere near my high school age but that one was just okay for me.
I don't like Transformers.
Well, I love action movies. And in theory I could love Transformers, however Transformers is way more about sort of the action the you know the imagery that they're putting on film as opposed to making an actually good film. They're more they're more concerned with like the pyrotechnics, and the getting the action sequences right which can be exciting but in terms of trying to get through 2 hours it's not you would want to watch again. So it's It's okay. It's not It's sort of light on entertainment. There are other movies that I sort of that summer blockbuster that could have used a lot more time focusing on the script to make it into a more complete movie.
I really enjoy comedies. They're my favorite.
Well I liked 21 Jump Street the most recent one but I like a lot of movies with your typical comedy actors
It was funny, and it had some witty and clever scenes in it that really made me laugh. I enjoy adult humor as well.
I believe one of the worst movies I've seen was I think I believe it was Night of the Living Dead. I really didn't care for that movie.
I thought it was a bit cheesy, and the graphics or special effects were terrible, and the plot just wasn't very good.
I don't believe I've watched that movie.
I'm not sure if I've watched that one either. I think I would have to know a little bit more about it to recall.
Yes, I did.
Well, I felt like Birdman was It was interesting. It was funny. Well, you know, it has some funny parts in it and I liked Michael Keaton.
well You know, I like the superhero concept of it. So I thought that was pretty good.
Yeah, I liked Captain America: Civil War. I thought it was pretty good, interesting, you know, it's always great when the good guy wins at the end of the day.
Well, yeah. I just I enjoy whenever good versus bad and, you know, good wins. And, you know, when people have the superheroes have other special abilities.
I really like movies based on historical events.
I really love Hotel Rwanda.
There's a ton of, you know, character development, emotional death, showing the atrocities from that civil war, and genocide. It really tugs at your heartstrings.
I didn't like Titanic. They embellished the romance that has been too much and a lot of inaccuracies in the movie.
There is a lot of inaccurate things. And they focused a bit too much on the romance, rather than the historical aspect of it.
I have not. What's it about?
I have. The Patriot's a really good movie.
Lately I've been really into movies that are documentary and especially ones that show what's happening behind the scenes, what's involved in making film.
Let me think of one. I really liked Okay, it's by Richard Linklater. I can't remember the name of it. But it was the one where like there were four different movies happening on the screen at once. Do you know the name of it?
Oh, oh, I know what it was. It was Waking Life.
It was just technically really interesting because there were there were four different movies happening on the screen at once like the screen was segmented and there were four different things happening at once.
Let's see. I didn't like Skyscraper. I thought that was kind of boring.
I just don't think the plot was very good. I thought it was it was just super super formulaic and predictable.
Yes, I have. Liked it very much. Paul Rudd is a little bit of an antihero. No pun intended.
I like antihero movies like Ant-Man, Ant-Man and the Wasp, Deadpool, Deadpool 2, stuff like that. I like the dark comedy.
Is that Tim Burton?
Really? Interesting. No, I haven't seen it. I'd like to though.
Yes.
I like that very much. I like like Robert Downey Jr.
I liked the dialog. I think the script was really well written, and it was well directed, too. I can't remember the name of the guy who directed it, but I think he was in it, also.
I like comedy movies.
Because they make me laugh and they keep me entertained, and That's why.
Dirty Grandpa
Project X
Because it just it didn't have much of a plot. Just a bunch of people running around naked. There wasn't a lot of dialog. I think think there was There was dialog missing. There should have been more people talking. That's why.
Yes, I have.
I enjoy romance comedies the most.
I really liked 50 First Dates with Adam Sandler and Drew Barrymore.
I love the slapstick comedy of it, I like that it's light. I also like the love story and the ending is really heartfelt.
A movie I didn't like as a rom com was Isn't It Romantic.
I didn't like how the movie It just wasn't good. It didn't have any really funny jokes to it. There wasn't anything in it that I found appealing.
Yes, it was.
Characters weren't believable.
Yes, I have.
Yes.
comedy, horror, and action
Oh, no actually. I haven't seen that.
No, I haven't seen that.
Yeah, I won't I will never watch a romance movie, so Fifty Shades of Grey isn't something that I would watch, for example.
I just don't like the stories. I find them cheesy, I guess.
No, I haven't seen that.
Oh yeah. I have seen that. That's probably one of my favorite movies, all of them.
Just the action and I love superheroes so I like seeing them in action.
I wouldn't say I really dislike any movie but there's one I could name. Probably be Rubber which is about a tire that goes around killing people.
I guess it was funny but it was just too bizarre. I don't know. The story was over the top, ridiculous.
I like thrillers. And fantasy movies.
They are fun and I escape this, I guess. They're pretty, usually, and interesting premise.
Yeah.
the lore of Harry Potter
Yeah.
I really like I like Baby Driver. That was pretty good.
All the music matching up with everything is pretty nice. The plot was interesting and the characters were interesting. Mostly the music and the visuals were really nice.
The ending was pretty satisfying. Like it was nice to see him get off his ear because he gave the old lady her purse. It's nice that he got out of jail and that he got out of the driving business or whatever.
I don't really like old movies, either. Stuff with low production value.
No, it's because they don't try hard enough.
I really like action movies.
I like the special effects and the fighting scenes.
I really liked The Matrix.
I liked The Matrix because of the special effects and the slow motion and the science fiction story line.
I did not like The Parent Trap
I thought it was boring and not interesting.
I have not seen John Wick.
I have heard of it, and I I do want to see it because it stars Keanu Reeves.
I have not seen Creed II, but I just heard about it from some friends who who wanted to see it in theater.
I have seen part of Die Hard.
I just like a movie that is fast paced, and has actions, good cinematography, and a storyline that makes sense. I often like science fiction.
I don't really like romantic movies.
I find them boring and uninteresting, most likely because I don't just don't enjoy them.
I lose interest in a movie real fast. It just doesn't catch my eye so to speak, and sometimes I even doze off. So, I try to stop to watch them.
I like more action and science fiction movies.
I find it interesting science fiction to speculate on the future, and they keep my mind entertained and engrossed in the movie.
I actually haven't seen the new Spider-Man movie yet that came out a while ago, and I'm interested in seeing that if I get some free time.
I like Spider-Man. I like the action hero universe.
I really like really older movies. Terminator 2, that was a really good action movie with a great plot.
Great action scenes, the plot also made sense even though there is time travel and other things involved. And it seems like something that could become realistic.
Dumb and Dumber. It was supposed to be funny, but I guess it lived up to its name. It was really dumb.
I have not, although I want to see it at some point. The lack of time for watching movies is my big problem.
Yes.
It was really strange, actually, but I enjoyed the action and the different plots and the visuals in the movie. I think the director did a really good job in framing the shots and making it look spectacular.
My favorite are romantic comedies.
I love the happy ending. I love that it's fun funny, a little bit of romance, and nice and light hearted very easy to watch.
You've Got Mail is one of my all-time favorites.
The casting is excellent, and the writing is so great. It's like endearing, but it's also funny. It's also clever. Has some Even though romantic comedies are kind of predictable, there's still some sort of twists and turns that you don't necessarily see coming, so it's a very enjoyable watch. I can watch it at any time, rewatch it, and it always puts me in a good mood.
Sure, Ugly Truth that's just a bad movie it's a they built it as a romantic comedy but really it was sort of like a gross out of comedy and it was definitely surrounding a relationship but it was just bad. The acting which they had good actors in it but the writing was terrible, the direction was terrible, what they were going for was anything but what a romantic comedy gives off. It was not endearing it was not something that you root for. And what they made that they thought were jokes were not funny.
Yes, I do avoid movies with Gerard Butler he's with the stars of this movie and this movie along with a few others have convinced me I just I'm not a fan of his acting. He's not as dynamic as people try to say he is. He's acting is average at best but really he's missing a sort of charisma an on air presence that I really that I can sort of get behind.
Captain Marvel looks good.
I think I like Brie I like Brie Larson, she's a star. I like the I think that I like a super hero movie so I think I will like this. The action, the excitement, Usually super hero movies have better story lines than regular action movie so I look forward to that too. I don't really know the Captain Marvel story, but I think that will be good.
I like the first one a lot. It's an animated movie, which can be very juvenile. But this one was very easy to like as an adult. It's just funny and cute, it definitely worked. So, I'm definitely interested in seeing a second one.
I like horror movies.
I like these kinds of movies because Keeps me at the edge of my seat makes me It makes me wonder what's going to happen next. I just love the I just love the killings and the people like getting killed and all that all that type of stuff.
Yeah, Jason X. I like Jason X. I like Jason X.
because Jason just looks so powerful when he just He just goes on a mission kill everyone inside a spaceship, so And the way that he kills people is just makes me excited. And I just like how everyone's out to get Jason, but he won't die. He just keeps on returning, and he just keeps on killing people. Just find that amusing.
I didn't like the movie called Pokémon: The First Movie.
I didn't like that it didn't have much of a dialog. It didn't have a plot much to it. Just a bunch of Pokémons Just a bunch Just a bunch of Pokémons getting scared of Mewtoo Just getting scared of Mewtoo and And I just didn't really do It didn't really do much in a It just didn't have much character development, just the same old thing. I think the TV shows were better than the movie than the first than the first Pokémon movie. Just not a fan of it. It didn't really made me feel like wow, this is a good movie. It just didn't make me feel excited about it.
I like documentaries.
Yeah, I watched about the first 5 minutes of the Ali G movie. I don't remember the title of it, but it was just absolutely terrible, gut wrenching, just absolutely awful, absolutely awful. I'm not I don't want to watch something if it's that bad, you know. I watched the first 10 minutes. I thought, this is not going to be good, so I just sort of left it at that, even though I love the TV show. It was kind of weird, because I thought it would be a lot better than what it was.
Yeah, I see a lot I see that with a lot of movies, too. Like I haven't seen that Amy Schumer movie, the one with her with the alcohol bottle, but I heard that was really bad, as well.
I have not seen The Matrix, but I like the I've heard about it so much, but like I've never actually seen it myself. But I hear about like the pills, and like I hear references to it, but I've never actually seen it on TV.
Wonder Woman, I've never seen, either. But I've heard the TV show is pretty good for the Wonder Woman.
I have seen The Godfather, and that is a good piece of cinematic work. That is really really good. I really enjoyed it. It was really creative and inventive.
Saving Private Ryan
I enjoy historical movies, and war movies, action movies, and the first 20 minutes of that movie are some of the most visceral war movie making ever, and the rest of it is just a good story that shot well, and I think makes you feel what felt like to be in World War II, maybe.
There's a movie by I can't remember his name now. It's called Spartan. Oh, yeah, It's written by David Mamet. And the reason I don't like it is Mamet is a very stylized writer, and I thought it was laughable what he wrote our house part the dialogue and everything. It was awful.
Seen the first one and I think the second one. And they're all right. They're not I like them fine, but you know, because I stop at two, clearly they didn't There was no momentum that I wanted to finish the series.
about Hunger Games Maybe it's a I would have to really think about that one, but if I had to guess, it was probably because it's a I think it was a PG-13 movie, and I feel like the premise warrants a more of a rated R mature look at the story.  I think it tried to be It undercut its purpose in what it was trying to say about the dystopia by being a PG-13 movie for teenagers, if I had to guess, but
Yes.
I thought the Nolan does really well with sound design and manipulating you through sound and visual, but he broke it up the narrative of it and it was it was unnecessarily hard to follow. It made sense by the end, but it didn't help the story, and I thought it took away from what he was trying to get across.  And he kept taking me out of the movie, whereas some might say even Wright Ryan that is very impassive, I thought Don Cork was the opposite of that except for the sounds and it was shot well. But there is very little character development, I can't name you any other characters or really any of the stories of the characters were. So, I would say I'm kind of in the middle on that movie, but slightly to the negative.
Comedies.
That they make me happy when I don't feel like I have any other reason to be happy. They give distract.
White Chicks
It's just a funny Like nonchalant, non-being too serious type of a movie that I appreciate about the commentary of where we are as a state of Americans.
Yes.
Yes.
I don't I don't like historical movies.
They're boring. I don't care about what happened in the past, I'm here in the future. Those things just have nothing relevant to my life.
Yes.
I like horror movies.
I just like the psychological parts of it. I like the psychological horrors over the gory stuff.
One of my favorite movies is 1408 by Stephen King. Well, based on a Stephen King book.
Well, everything like like I said it was a psychological horror and you never knew what was going to happen, but it was scary at the same time not just a dramatic but frightening. I like being scared.
I don't like action movies.
I just find the scenes boring where they're fighting or chasing. and pointless
No.
Yes.
I like the suspense of not knowing what's going on and then finally finding out near the end.
No. I have not seen that.
Okay. I like documentaries, drama movies comedies
Well, I like documentaries because they're usually informative and provide information on a topic I may not be aware of. I like drama. Just a genre that I prefer. It's always something interesting or something that holds my attention. And I like comedies because they make me laugh.
Okay, my husband and I recently watched White Boy Rick and I found that to be very entertaining and interesting because it's based on a true story.
Yes.
Sure. Don't really like horror movies or scary movies. They seem to give me bad dreams. Not too big on action movies where everybody's either shooting or stealing cars all the time.
Well horror movies Don't like to think about it. They give me bad dreams. I had an uncle who used to make me watch them when I was a child. And action movies, I don't feel like there's enough of a story line there sometimes. It's just all about what's going on in the movie at that moment, but no real substance to it.
Okay.
No, I don't watch a lot of children based movies. Animated or I see those movies as more for children. I might watch one with my niece or something, but not by myself.
Right.
I have heard of that, I'm actually interested in checking that out sometime.
I like thrillers because they leave me on the edge of my sit.
You Were Never Really Here
It was pretty intense and the acting was really good.
Frozen
There's too much singing and it's like kids movie.
Yes.
I like M. Night Shyamalan, and the acting was really good.
Never seen it.
No.
Yes.
I like horror movies, and the story was good.
I have not seen it.
Yes.
Yes.
Never heard of it.
I have not seen it.
I like war movies.
They generally seem more They seem more factual. Like I know they're not necessarily more factual, but they seem less exaggerated than other types of movies that are fictional in nature.
I would say Full Metal Jacket. And I like that movie just cuz, well, you know, that kind of points out what I was talking about. Like how Like the first half of the movie is just the the Soldiers and boot camp, you know, like There's It seemed pretty authentic to the whole Vietnam War. Like Yeah.
I don't really like Romance movies just because I don't I don't really give in to the whole romance thing. like romantic comedies are one thing, but I'm talking just talking like straight romance. You know, where it's not it's a serious romance film. I don't I don't know, it doesn't appeal to me. But I'm a guy so I mean I guess I kind of make sense. I'm not really fixated on relationships the same way that a lot of women are that those kind movies appeal to.
I can't think of any particular movie I didn't like. I mean, yeah. I can't really think of a specific movies. I can think of types of movies, and I can think of You know, but yeah, I can't really think of anything specific.
I like science fiction movies.
Because it's out of this world. It talks about It talks about unusual stuff that happens like E.T. talks about aliens and such and so forth
One of my favorite movies is Space Jam.
Yeah, I like it.
I've never seen that movie before.
Let's see, movies I don't like. Crossroads, the movie with Britney Spears in it. I didn't like it because it just Didn't have much of a dialog. It was just too self-centered around Britney Spears. I didn't like it because of that reason.
I don't think I've ever seen a musical movie before. So I'm not really a fan of that.
Yeah, if I like movies I pick out because there is a lot of action, guns, shooting, violence, yeah. Keeps me on the edge of my seat. So, yeah, it's good.
Yep.
I'm not too I'm not too picky about movies, but I like sci-fi or animation, sometimes comedy, but nowadays, comedy isn't as good as it used to be, I don't think. I love action movies and and drama movies. On occasion, a romance movie, but not too much with romance. I really don't care for movies that are medieval type movies, I don't know, I just never took an interest in like, you know, The Lord of the Rings and Harry Potter, and they're okay but they are not my favorites.
I like It's interesting, usually good graphics, good story line. You know, you got stuff like alien movies, and you've got dinosaur movies. You've got Neverending Story and Edward Scissorhands almost, and it's pretty cool, and they're usually good movies to watch, and they they draw you into them.
I like some old movies like The Return to Oz. I like Edward Scissorhands. I like Neverending Story, and that's pretty much it for that genre.
It's It's a little bit more scary than The Wizard of Oz. It's unique, and it's different, and and it used to kind of creep me out when I when I was a kid, but I still enjoy it.
I guess I didn't really care for the Lord of the Rings that much. I think it was It was too much of a hype into it. It was It was good, but it wasn't my favorite, but a lot of people liked it. I just wasn't into that kind of stuff. It's not my type of movie?
Oh yes, I have.
Usually they have a a unique story adventure type that you know I'm not bored, and I'm like not drifting off into like daydreaming or something or wanting to take a nap while the movie's playing. That's usually how I judge if I like it or not.
I really like romantic comedies.
Yes. The genre is one that is Well, it's funny. So you're going to have more lighthearted comedy, which is great. You So you kind of come away with a happy ending. It's focused around a romance. It's just a It's a good time. It's lighthearted. It's a really great escape. In terms of a favorite, one of my favorites is called one of my favorites is called Catch and Release, and that's actually a more That's a romantic Yeah, it's It's different. It's sort of It is a romantic comedy, but it has a little more seriousness to it because at the start of it, it's goes off of following somebody's death, so it's sort of like a quieter movie, and it's not as laugh out loud as a lot of comedies but it's still very funny. It's humorous I should say. It has very humorous parts and it has really really enduring characters and they are totally rooting for the romance to happen and it's just It really is Even though it started with a death, it's very fun and light-hearted movie that ends fantastically.
I really didn't like A Good Day to Die Hard.
So A Good Day to Die Hard is a movie I dislike. That is a action movie, but I usually like action movies, and in fact, A Good Day to Die Hard is part of a series of movies, the Die Hard series. So I thought I thought I would like it, except this one is terrible. It has It does have good technical action sequences, but the storyline is terrible. They don't use the main character from entire series well.  The supporting characters basically just terrible. There's there's there's use of subtitles a lot which is kind of strange given that it's coming in series that's all spoken in English. It's It was really really disappointing. It wasn't a very well thought out movie. And it also very I guess gloomy. Sort of the way was short. It was It was It was very gloomy. It was really disappointing. It was bad but it was even more disappointing.
I haven't seen that yet but I really want to.
No, I don't think so.
Absolutely.
I love Bridesmaids.
You know what? Bridesmaids is funny from start to finish. And they really really nailed the cast. At the time, some of them were kind of more unknown, especially in a movie context. But they really nailed the cast, and even though the movie itself got attention for the true laugh out loud moments, some of the more quieter moments, the sort of humorous, maybe not laugh out loud things were some of my favorite parts of the movie. So But it really works start to finish. It's a great movie.
I have not.
Yes, of course.
Star Wars is iconic. It is epic. I love I love the Star Wars films. It's It's an event. You know, you go It's It's really It really is an immersive experience in a completely different world. But it It's It's a lot of fun. You have to You have to just immerse yourself in it and enjoy the ride.
Something interesting and different. It doesn't have to be recent, and I like it usually I'll look at the reviews to make sure that it's not a bad movie that'll waste my time.
Yes, I do. Yep. And I'd like to get an input from other people, not not movie critics most of the time.
Yeah, I have a few. I like re-watching Back to the Future and the original Ghostbusters and the original Spider-Man.
Yes, they're actually great.
The remakes aren't as It feels empty. It feels like the storyline isn't there, like it feels like it compromises in some ways. It just isn't as just interesting to watch. Though that may be because I watched them years ago, and it just seems better than you know, they would be if you'd seen them the first time.
Yes.
Well, talking about action movies and superheroes, I really really dislike the Catwoman movie.
It wasn't true to the original storyline, like how the character was thought out. And they changed everything about it, and just made I think they just made it for the box office. And it just wasn't entertaining at all.
Yes, I did.
No, the movie had its own script that was written by like 20 different people, I believe. It was really just wasn't good.
Right, I don't think it will ever come out.
Fantasy movies. I like fantasy movies because they They make me see the world from They make me see what's what's beyond planet Earth.
They are educated movies.
Space Jam.
Because it has my favorite player, Michael Jordan in it and it's a it's a it's a feel-good story of good versus evil because trying to get rid of the evilness.
It's a basketball movie. My favorite sport's basketball. That's why I liked it. And
Movie that I don't like Pokémon: The First Movie
It didn't have much of a plot. It was the same old characters time and time and after.
It wasn't that long, and and there was lack of character development.
Yes, I do like it because there's a lot of action in it.
There's lots of weapons. There's lots of weapons in the movie. I like weapons.
I like historical dramas.
I like seeing the costumes and scenery from a different time period.
I liked watching Elizabeth.
I liked that it told the story of Elizabeth I.
It was the story of Elizabeth Tudor, who became the queen of England in 1558.
I didn't like Mary, Queen of Scots.
It was made in the '70s, and it wasn't very good production quality.
I've never seen it.
I liked it.
Yes.
I really like comedies.
I like to laugh. I like the lightheartedness of it, you know, nothing too serious, a true escape from everyday life. And just puts you in a good mood, and that's how I would prefer to be.
Sure, Best in Show is one of my absolute favorites.
Oh gosh. It's like I'ts perfect. It's a mockumentary style film and they are mocking the dog show world. So, the dog show world that they show is like a carbon copy of the real thing because it's inherently funny, so they don't have to really max with it. And a lot of the player they it there's a script for the movie but it's also ad libed. It's just hilarious. It's so original. So much, so different, and just so funny. It makes you laugh every time you watch it.
Yeah.
Sure, Bounty Hunter.
It was supposed to be a comedy, and not only was it not funny, it was confusing what they were going for. I think it was miscast. It's Jennifer Aniston and I can't even think of his name, but somebody who I don't really care for. But I do like Jennifer usually, and it wasn't a good fit for her. Neither role really fit the actor, like they were sort of playing against type in both roles. I think it was kind of supposed to be almost like a almost like a buddy comedy, but or Cuz it was really focused on two people, but not really buddies, but they were in conflict. It wasn't funny. It kind of had like a more dramatic feel to it because it wasn't funny. It was just It was odd. Really.
It wasn't great. It was not great.
Oh, yes.
It's a excellent movie.
I like comedies because they make me laugh.
I like the movie Superbad.
I think the actors in are pretty funny and the plot was entertaining.
I don't like the movie Super Troopers.
I don't think the jokes are funny and I don't like anything about it.
It didn't make me laugh.
I think some of the jokes are unethical.
I do like the movie Finding Nemo.
I loved the cute fish in it, and I loved the cute little story.
I haven't seen that movie.
No.
I did like that movie.
I think Kate McKinnon is funny in it and I like their friendship.
I like how they changed the spy genre into something comedic.
I haven't seen it.
No.
I have not seen it.
Yes.
Yeah, I will go see it.
I haven't seen that.
Yes, I've heard of it.
No.
I have never seen that, sorry.
Yes.
I like the story that it's based on, and I like that it's such a classic that keeps getting made over and over.
I like documentaries, biographies, and horror, like vintage horror movie British.
I get a sense of nostalgia, and there isn't things flying through the air. And they use real people, real scenes, and no green screen. And there aren't like superhuman powers in the movies. Like I can relate to these movies better because they show real people doing real things, or they're in real houses.
Yeah. Yes.
Tales from the Crypt The Haunting There's many others. Yeah, The Haunting. The original Haunting that came out in 1963 or '62.
Because there wasn't anything scary in it, but the whole The atmosphere was very scary. It was filmed in a house that was a real mansion. The outside was a real mansion, and the outside house was in a a real estate was a real estate and was used in another movie, horror movie, that was made in the early '70s. It was very suspenseful.
Yeah, the the remake of The Haunting.
I don't know. It wasn't as good as the first one. The first one was almost like a Hitchcock movie. It was so well done. Nothing ever happened in the movie, but you just there was so much suspense, and you just imagined so much. The movie made you imagine. And the original movie was in black and white. It was just a really good concept, and it was so well done.
Yes. So, yeah, you could say that. I could tell you another movie that I really liked that I just thought of.
I like dramas.
Usually, I like more family or friend dramas more so than ones that are sort of tearful.
I I really appreciate a slice of life drama, but I don't necessarily want to be brought to tears. I don't need it to be a sad I don't know where somebody is has a illness or something like that which can be a lot of focuses of many dramas. But, there are plenty that are more of a slice of life and there're executed really well so it's a very nice It still provides an escape despite being realist and drama based.
But The Usual Suspects is one of my favorite movies.
It's still shocking. I I mean it it was so long ago and it's still one of the best executed movies that has ever been where you just did not see the ending coming. It's amazing.
I'm not crazy about sci-fi movies.
Because Sometimes they are a little too overreaching. They are creating a world, like a maybe a dystopian or futuristic, or some kind apocalyptic world, and so it can become very, very complicated. And some of them are really done well, but the majority of them seem to overreach, and so you have to sort of figure out one part of the movie to like because the rest is sort of a mess.
Yes.
I like musicals. So, that really is basically a musical, and so it really does fall into that category. I like the sort of grandness of what they're going for, and it's a really great cast. Really It's an interesting story but a really great cast.
Oh, yes.
That's an all-time favorite, so it is a a romantic comedy. But it's actually I think it's nine romantic comedies in one movie, so it's like nine vignettes put together in one movie. And despite it being split up into so many different stories, every single one feels very complete. You don't feel like it's lacking, so it's a it's a little bit of a longer movie. But it's appropriately long, it's so fun. So heart-warming and just a a wonderful movie. You could watch it a million times, and it's absolutely great to watch near the holidays.
Yes. Yes.
I love action movies, I absolutely love action movies.
Like for instance for the action, you know? I love the action, I love the lines. Lines are always big charismatic lines. They're always super super fun, they can use if you like if you've seen any of the Transformers movies, those lines are lit.
Oh yeah. Yeah, spot on, dude. Spot on. I just loved The Ant-Man on Amazon. I love that movie. Who would have thought an Amazon-produced movie could have been good, right? Well as it turns out, they got us, cuz that's a really good movie.
I love the the superhero itself. It's such an interesting concept for a superhero, the Ant-Man. The Ant-Man, I mean think about that for a second. Who could have pitched that to a studio and they would have been like, yeah, that's a good idea. I mean, it's such a phenomenal movie, such a phenomenal plot. If you haven't seen it Go out and see it because it's a really good movie.
All right.
Yeah, I didn't like the Suicide Squad movie. I really I really didn't like that movie I thought that one was like they sold out of it on that one. They just like they are delivering these lines they like I didn't really find good or funny. I don't think the plot was good. Some of the plot like they forced people to appear and you can tell like they are setting up for a sequel like when they say when they say like Well, you can just tell they are setting up for a sequel and then came out with the sequel, and I didn't go see that, because I thought the first one's worse. Like I'm not going to sit through something so terrible. And it's just the properties too, like none of the actors I'm not saying the actors aren't good or the plot isn't good or the story isn't good, but a lot of that's tertiary to the to the sale, you know?
I've heard of that movie, but I've not seen it. I heard One of my friends talked about he liked it, but I haven't seen it, myself. I heard it didn't age well, but you know, I don't know.
Yeah. Love that movie. Love that movie. Saw it with my now ex girlfriend, at the cinema on 42nd avenue down in Long Beach, and I loved it. Loved it. Loved it.
Hi.
I like animated movies.
Because they make me laugh. It also was me being me being young again, because I'm currently 28. Makes me feel like I'm young, like I'm 10 or 11, 12.
Particular movie I like, huh? Billy Madison
I like that movie is that it's it's a story about a guy who didn't do well in school, but has a second chance at doing better in life by taking school seriously and passing all of his grades that he has to under contact with his dad, and he has to pass all his grades and Even though there's someone that's trying to not make that happen. It's a story about good versus evil so I like it a lot.
movie I didn't like was Pokémon the first movie.
I don't like it because it was too cartoon-ish, the plot wasn't that good. It wasn't that different from the the episodes that I watched. It wasn't really mind-blowing like episodes during the Pokémon series that I had going, so It didn't leave me in awe or feeling so happy that I just watched it. It just felt mediocre to me.
I felt good about movie. It's more like real life. The characters are more like real life not animated like Pokemon the first movie. So So, yeah so much action , good for receival. Yeah, I liked it.
I like about superhero movies is they bring out the good versus evil. They want to look for the good person in the movie, good people in the movie. Just action, suspense leaves you on the edge of the seat because you want to know how it ends. You want to know, if the good guys beat the bad guys or whether the result's for real. Yeah, so I like the action.
I really like thriller movies.
They make you think through it all.
I really liked The Loft.
It has a lot of back and forth action that's going on that you really aren't ready for, and it just kind of hits you.
I love The Matrix.
Alien's pretty good. I like Alien, too.
It was a different type of action movie, but it was still really good.
I don't really like horror movies
I just don't really like the like scared feeling that people get.
Yeah, I liked The Godfather. I thought that was pretty good.
I typically enjoy a lot of documentaries. And I also like mostly comedies. Some thrillers are not that bad. And a little bit of drama.
How the the writers put into the storylines and I also like Like especially with documentaries, I like the detail that they go into. The ability to get different perspectives of the people involved. And in actual movies, besides documentaries, the characters being, you know, driven emotionally and physically, sometimes, in certain movies. And just how far some characters can be pushed such as like in The Terminator, the Rocky movies are cool. They're kind of inspirational, so that's about it.
Oh, the whole The only one that I I didn't really get into was Genesis because they made John Carter come back and go and go into the future and then go into another time and things just changed around too much, but Terminator 1 was really good cuz they introduced him as a hero, as a bad guy and then Terminator 2 he kind of turned into a good guy and just the the the like the technology they used, how futuristic it was was really cool Yeah.
Yeah. I mean, it it just depends. Like I like Spawn. Armageddon was all right. You know, movies with Sylvester Stallone, Arnold Schwarzenegger are pretty good. Jumper, that was a good movie.
I don't like some family movies. I don't like there's a lot of animated movies that I wasn't impressed by besides like Avatar, that was okay. Toy Story was good. Some certain movies that have cell shade, I kind of don't really like that a lot. It's It's not interesting to see that And some of the newer Adam Sandler movies are kind of not as good as they used to be so Some comedy movies aren't as funny as they were.
So, shading is kind of like It's a certain style of animation, then it's like a filtering process of Like if you look at the video game 13 or at the movie A Scanner Darkly. That will mean That That The story telling in that one is pretty good. It's just It's the cell shade style of directing of animation is not I just don't find it appealing. It looks like there's polygons over people's faces. So, it's like a kind of texture.
I guess I'd say Ghost Fighter 2 cuz they really didn't really didn't let him talk the story of it wasn't as good as the first. It kind of just It it didn't expand on Like emotionally and what was going on and what he was going through so as much as first. Totally, could have been a lot better.
Yeah, those types of movies are just. I mean they could rewrite them better or write them better.
drama
I like the stories, like a beginning, middle, and end, figuring out what's going to happen.
The Martian
I like the the main protagonist trying to get through everything solving all the little problems
Just the The acting wasn't great. The story was kind of predictable.
I haven't seen it.
Thor was good. It was fun
It was kind of goofy. I always like superhero movies, though. Those are usually fun.
I haven't seen it.
I saw I think I've seen two or three of them. They were all right.
Not so much like I mean it's a way to pass the time watching them. They weren't great, just kind of average spy stuff.
A more unique story will be fun, not you know, spy agency goes after ex-spy.
I like horror movies.
They're scary.
I like a murder and mystery.
It's Sci-Fi and I like the special effects.
I like Pan's Labyrinth by Guillermo del Toro. It has a bunch of different characters. It's very sci-fi and scary.
I like the mystery about it, and it's just the characters are unique very unique.
They are just almost bizarre. It's There's a character that has eyes on his hands, and it's just bizarre and weird. And I like it
I like I like Tim Burton's the Nightmare Before Christmas.
It has many characters. It has the bogeyman. It has the werewolf, a skeleton, and for some odd reason, it even has Santa Claus.
I didn't like The Notebook or Titanic.
The Titanic was very, very long, and it was almost like too romantic. I don't really like romance.
I have not.
I have I love it.
I like many different types types of movies.
I like drama, comedy, fantasy, action, superhero, foreign films.
I like emotionally moving films.
I just think they're interesting, and they give you something to think about, and you can sometimes relate them to your own life.
I liked the film Stealing Beauty.
I enjoyed Liv Tyler as an actress. I liked the setting of the film in Italy. I just thought it was an interesting story.
a movie I a movie I do not like I can't think of one off the top of my head.
I've seen the movie The Incredibles.
I like that movie very much.
I like adventure movies.
Mostly because it's always a lot of action, a lot of If you're talking about Westerns, there's a lot of horses going around, a lot of gunshots, but adventure and exploring is very important.
I think I like the Mission: Impossible one. It was very very quick and fast-paced.
I did not like the latest Jumanji movie that came out recently. It was a little lot childish.
Yes, I believe I did see that one. That was a very good movie.
I think it's the fast-paced action that's going on that I really like about it so much.
I prefer horror movies myself and also some action movies.
I like to be scared and I like be I like to think a lot and I like a good story and a lot of those type of movies that are in horror. Also have good acting because the costumes and such are kind of difficult to buy so I have to rely more on acting. then effects
Let me think. The Houses October Built would be a good horror movie that I like.
It felt realistic, it was scary but it also felt like it could really happen in the real world. And it also made you think too, and the acting I thought was pretty decent given that it was a low budget movie.
The old X-Men that came out several years ago not any of the new not any of the new ones.
I like horror movies.
movie I liked a lot. I like Jason X. I like the movie Jason X.
What I liked about Jason X was that Just like the killings are like just kill just just wakes up from a from a He just wakes up from this sleep, and he just kills people, and a machete he uses and blood. Just chasing around civilians inside a spaceship, just the suspense of what's going to happen next.
Movies I don't like I didn't like the Titanic.
just too much romance, just too much kissing, people trying to get to know each other, there wasn't that much action, just people dying in the water, just some just water overflowing a ship, just Not a lot of Not a lot of characters in the movie, just a couple of people trying to trying to find love and getting killed in the end.
I like dramas a lot. I think those are the most interesting to me.
Apollo 13
Well Apollo 13's just a really interesting story. It's one of those movies that if it was made and you didn't know it was a true story, you wouldn't think it was true, just cuz of how ridiculous it is. But it's really neat cuz I like space travel movies, and it has Tom Hanks, so that's always a plus.
It's an interesting way to look at the world. It kind of I saw it when I was a teenager. It just kind of makes you think more philosophically and look at the world differently.
Movies I don't like, I guess foreign films. I don't really like foreign films that much.
No, it's mostly cuz I don't like reading the subtitles during it, and if it's like dubbed with English voice actors, it just doesn't It ruins the immersion and just sounds terrible, so I can never get into them.
I like comedies.
I like sort of the lighthearted aspect, not taking itself too seriously. It's a real escape from you know, regular life. Just a a chance to have just a lighthearted moment that can be enjoyable.
I do like dramas. I just don't like them as much as I like comedies.
Sure, like the Wedding Crashers or Horrible Bosses
Well those are extremely well cast and the writing is excellent. So, it's not like even though they're hilarious, like start to finish hilarious, they're not completely over the top. Even though they were clearly going for laughs, they there's it's not just like to the point of ridiculous, where they're trying so hard throughout, its too much, so they really balance out the how the movie flows.
I love Bridesmaids. It's a great movie. It's very funny.
I really don't like scary movies. Like scary or horror. I'm very selective about the kind of sci-fi I watch cuz those can definitely tend to be scary, as well.
Exactly.
I love Thor.
I enjoy action movies and comedy movies.
The last movie that I really enjoyed was Star Wars: The Last Jedi.
The movie was exciting. It had a lot of plot twists. I enjoyed the characters, and I enjoyed the epic scope of the story.
See, I recently watched Crazy Rich Asians and I was not a big fan.
I could not relate to the comedy. I felt a lot of it was very stereotypical and forced. I was not a big fan of the execution of the movie.
No.
I don't know very much about the movie. The topic sounds interesting.
Yes.
My favorite part was the ending of the movie. I felt that it was very well done.
No, I thought that the movie was very well done and I thought that Gal Gadot played the role of wonder woman very well, I enjoyed the entire movie.
I really like dramas and romantic comedies. And I like them because I can relate to them and they help me escape from the reality of real life.
I really like The Godfather and Star Wars.
I just They were very entertaining. The acting was great. I really got into the movie, and it made me like feel like I was you know, with the characters.
There, you know I really I really don't like Well, I like science fiction. I don't really like horror movies. I just find them very scary.
I really don't like any horror movies but The movie that I really hated was It comes at night. It's just really scary.
Oh, it just wasn't acted that well, and it wasn't very convincing.
I've heard of it, yes.
I might. I haven't seen any of the other movies in that series.
I like movies that have a good storyline and artsy flair to them, usually funny.
I like I like comedy.
I like comedy cuz it makes me laugh and makes me happy.
I like Superbad.
I like that movie cuz it had a really silly storyline in it, and it was believable and hilarious.
I don't like scary movies.
I least like the movie Hostel.
Because it was terrifying, and it was very bloody.
Yes.
I liked it because it was kid-friendly, and it was cute. It had a good message to it. But I'm not a big fan of children's movies when I'm going to watch a movie.
I like dramas and comedies.
It's nice to escape and watch something light-hearted every once in a while.
I think Bridesmaids is pretty funny.
It's just goofy and fun.
I'm not a huge fan of action movies.
There was really no story line to follow, and I find that pretty uninteresting.
I have not.
I have not even heard of that.
Yes, I have seen Finding Nemo.
I'm not a particular big fan of the movie but it's something I like watching with my children and they always enjoy it.
I don't find cartoons particularly interesting.
I love documentaries.
That's a great great question, wow. Right of the bat, smart guy. Hey, I love the fact that they're based in real life. That definitely gives a sense of realism to the film. It makes me feel like I can I can actually go out and change something that was shown in the film, but you probably can honestly. A lot of the documentaries, some of the follow one person's life like Bob in the Trees, but others just follow like generally like the Earth. I give the planet Earth series from the BBC. You have some documentaries that are kind of funny like by Louis Theroux, and I'm really a big fan of usually any documentary on something I haven't seen before.
Oh, totally, yeah. No, totally totally. I'm such a big fan of the movie Miami Mega Jail, it's not such a movie, it's like an hour long documentary, it's sort of movie. It's an hour long documentary by Louis Theroux and it's fair to say that I'm a really really big fan of his. And it was just so funny because there was the one scene I remember there was this guy describing to him the fights he would get in in prison. And he's like, we fight for shoes in here. And he's like, I want them shoes. And he asked him if he wants to fight, the host of the presentation, he asked him if he wants to fight, and Louie said, "What do you think?" And he just stared at him, and then he got out of there. He He went into the cell with no security. I mean, it was It was It was really really crazy.
Absolutely. Absolutely. I totally understand. I really don't like I mentioned A little before, I mentioned I don't like Marvel movies, but I also just generally don't like action movies. Like I don't know if Transformers I don't think Transformers is a Marvel movie, but I really just don't like that general like action and action type movie. It's just so like It's not plot driven at all. There's no internal values driving anything. And I totally understand that's fine for some people and some people love that and get enjoyment out of it, but I'm just not one of those kind of people. Like Michael Bay films just never work for me.
Yeah I would say I would say like Fast and Furious 2 especially in the later later Fast and Furious films. Fast and Furious maybe 3, I really didn't like that one. Again, probably I don't even know why I watched it, I had a girl over and like she wanted to see it, I'm like, all right. But it was such a bad movie, you know.
I have. I love that film. That's such a good film, wow. Wow. I love Yeah, I love that it's just another Spurlock documentary. He's been really good. I think that's his most famous one though, but he's been really good, especially after that. He's done a lot of good things, as well.
I like science fiction movies.
I think they're very different from traditional movies, and I find them to be very interesting.
A particular movie that I like is Aliens.
I really liked how it is different from how traditional nonscience fiction movies are, where there are different features and different uses of technology in movies like the Aliens.
A movie that I did not like. I think a movie that I didn't like was Twilight.
I felt like I had an expectation of how the movie was going to be based on reading the books, but it did not really translate to the movie, so I didn't find myself enjoying it as much as I thought I might have.
I enjoy super hero movies. I think that in the past I didn't, but with the more recent super hero movies they have been pretty entertaining and exciting to watch.
I felt like Green Lantern was not as good as some of the other super hero movies, but it was not bad either.
I really like action movies.
Usually the scenes are really exciting, and there's a lot of cool action stunts and just really cool characters, and you don't really have to dive too deep into the message of the movie. You just It's just a lot of fun.
I really like Crank with Jason Statham, a lot of fun scenes there and just nonstop action the entire time.
I really don't like romance movies or like too deep. I just like to sit back and just watch fun themes rather than brewing a lot of emotions and overthinking it.
I have seen Inception. Inception was pretty good.
I have seen Pulp Fiction. It's classic. Lots of great lines there, and just really great movie.
I really like romantic comedies.
They are sort of fun and happy movies. They have a happy ending. They make you laugh, usually. They're heartwarming, sort of more of a more of a good natured, so you're not like depressed or anything watching it. It's It's rarely like a sad film. It's usually just something that will make you feel good.
Yes. Sleepless in Seattle's one of my favorite movies.
Sure. Sleepless in Seattle is fantastic, especially because of the actors and the writing. The actors are at this point considered like legends, and although neither one of them really makes this kind of movie anymore, they really were the best at it for well over a decade. And the writing is clever and heartwarming and relatable, so it all really worked to make really funny films that you can watch. I still Even though that movie's 25 years old, I still watch it almost every year.
Yes, okay.
No, I have not. I haven't seen any of the Harry Potter movies.
No, I don't even know which one that is.
Yes. That's a good movie. It is It's a superhero movie and But it's a superhero megamovie where a lot of superheroes are in it. It is good. It is entertaining, but it probably has The Avengers movies are probably are not my favorite superhero movies, strictly because it's such a large cast of characters. So there's a lot going on it ends up being longer than I wish it would be. But in general, it's an easy thing to watch, and it's at the very least somewhat enjoyable, if not very enjoyable. Sometimes it can be very enjoyable.
You know, I really just don't like I think the length. It doesn't feel as sort of tight and edited as the better superhero movies are. It just feels like it it's sort of going on. And also that one, the first one too, they can get a little complicated. You know, I think they're trying to offer something completely different, and sometimes it's just not the most simple story line, and it works against the movie being more enjoyable
Sure. I don't like horror movies. I just don't like scaring myself and got so going to a horror movie is certainly going to do that. I know it's fake and for me to sort of get through it I have to almost tell myself that it's fake which defeats the purpose of going. Most people who like horror films like being scared so I I don't like being scared. It can cause me to have nightmares. So it's just the kind of movie I avoid and it's not something I enjoy.
I like action movies.
I like the high activity, how it's, like, Fast and Furious, how it, like, always is a go, go, go and the action and direction is cool
Fast and the Furious
I like the directors and like how cool everybody is and just like the vibe of how it's shot, and then the writing.
Yes.
I don't like romantic comedies.
I don't think it's believable. Like nobody falls in love that way.
Yes, I do. I loved it.
Oh I loved it so much. I cried like profusely. Like I just thought it was beautiful. It made me inspired to be to have love.
I like romantic comedies.
The Wedding Singer
familiarity with the story made me feel connected to the character, and I was just happy to see myself reflected.
I did not like The Justice League
It just wasn't like a good movie to me. It was not like
No, just that one. That was just a bad one.
Wonder Woman
That it was female-based and strong characters.
I like horror movies.
Friday the 13th
It was suspenseful and gory. A lot of killing. Many killing. A whole lot of killing.
You know I don't like sci fi movies. They're too fake, you know?
I don't like They're too fake, you know, not enough goriness to it. Some of it not all.
Yes.
Many times.
Hi.
One of my favorite movies is Dumb and Dumber.
I like it because it's comedy, and it's about a story. It's kind of like a like a comedy and love story about a guy who meets a woman in an in a limousine, finds her finds her briefcase and tries to tries to bring it to her in Aspen, Colorado. So yeah, I just find it It's a feel good story. It's a romantic story kind of, because Because he's trying to find love by meeting up with her. So yeah, it's also a comedy because they do crazy things. They do laughable things together, the two friends.
movie that I don't like is Avatar. I had started for like 10 minutes, it was just a bunch of blue blue creatures running around the forest. I just did not I just did not understand it.
Just It was too animated. if It didn't have a plot to it. I just saw it for 10 minutes, and it didn't have any plot to it, and Just Just a bunch of creatures running around. So yeah.
Never heard of it.
Nope, I haven't heard of that movie, either.
Oh yeah, I've seen I've seen some of that movie. It's It's about some creature fell in love with a with a human. entertaining
Yes, I did like it.
It's a never before seen type of movie. It applies to you. The characters are I like I like it's a movie that I've never seen before. It's full of suspense. That's it.
I can't say that I have.
Yeah, I watched a little bit about that.
No, I haven't watched that movie.
No, I haven't. I haven't seen the movie.
Jason Bourne, yep, I've seen that movie. Incredible. I like the action.
I like that He's trying He's trying to fight the evilness of of the He's trying He's trying overcome the evil evil characters in the movie. He's trying He's trying to fight for the goodness. It's just a great character
Um, it may not be proper for young children, because there's guns and violence
Thank you.
I like action movies.
They're entertaining and the storyline is packed full of excitement.
like Die Hard The storyline was really good, and I liked the actors.
It's about kind of a normal guy trying to stop a terrorist from blowing up people.
Probably Titanic.
It just wasn't my kind of movie. I didn't like the actors. Storyline wasn't the best. Its sad.
Yeah, The Incredibles are pretty good. Classic Pixar superhero movie.
I generally like documentary movies.
I like that they're informative and that they allow me to learn while I'm I I like that I can learn without totally tying myself up with something or I like that I can learn without tying myself up, so that I can do something else. I really enjoyed the I don't remember what it was called, but the Minecraft about Or the documentary about Minecraft was really good We are kind of focusing on the guy who created it. What he was doing shortly before, how he created Minecraft, the other people that helped him all that. That was That was really cool movie for me. I don't like horror movies. And particularly, I don't like them because I usually find them to be cliché, predictable, and I I don't know. I don't I don't really enjoy being scared. I already have a lot of anxiety as it is. And while they don't typically scare me, I just I don't like feeling like my anxiety is amplified for the sake of of entertainment.
Yeah, generally speaking. I mean, there might be exceptions, but since I don't watch a lot of them, a lot of what I can base my information on is Over played story lines in those types of movies, you know? Some bad thing is going after some unsuspecting person. Unsuspecting person traps themselves unintentionally in an enclosed space with this thing. You know, they get killed. Rinse, repeat, until they finally figure out how to beat it or escape. And yeah, it's just
I really really like horror movies. They're my favorite genre.
I like horror movies because I like to be scared, but I don't like being in danger, so it gives me that feeling and the adrenaline of being scared without actually being in any sort of danger in real life.
I just went and saw The Nun at the movies the other night, and I really liked that movie.
I liked the story behind it. I really like scary like religious demonic type of movies, and I also liked that it had a lot of jump scares. It kept me scared the whole time, and the visuals in it were really good, too.
I didn't like any of the Die Hard movies or the actiony movies like that, I don't like.
I don't really like action movies. My husband watches them all the time, and I just can never get into them. I don't like watching guys shooting at each other. It just never has captured my interest.
I'm not a big fan of Marvel movies. I've never really liked the superhero stuff. I will watch them once, like because my husband might want to, and sometimes there's really good visuals, but I'm not a big fan of the story lines.
No, it's pretty much the story line, it's just I I don't feel like not that the story are told well, it's just not the kind of story that I'm into.
I like war movies.
Well, I like the action, the fact that the stories are usually based in reality.
Saving Private Ryan
I don't remember specifics, but I do remember watching it a while ago, like quite a few years ago, and I really enjoyed it. The actors were good.
I don't like drama movies.
That, and because I already have enough problems in my life. I don't want to deal with anybody else's.
I watched part of it, I wasn't really entertained.
I don't know, I just felt like it was a bit overrated, and I didn't really care for it.
Yeah. I like movies like Star Wars a lot. I like Sci-Fi movies in general.
I think it's neat getting to see all the creative ways people come up with to use technology and just the different ideas they have about what could happen in the future.
I also think they usually have interesting stories cuz there's usually alien races or different types of people, so it's just me getting to see the different perspectives of those races.
They can be kind of generic. Like just, they can feel very same-y. If it's a bad sci-fi movie, you can tell there's just standard sci-fi tropes that get annoying.
I've never even heard of those movies, so I don't know.
I like Good Will Hunting.
And I tend to like more drama and serious movies and also that's Robin Williams in it. And I like most movies that Robin Williams is in.
Honestly not really that I can think of of the top of my head.
I'm not a big fan of comic book movies, so no.
action movies
I really like John Wick.
Really good fight scenes and the story was really good for an action movie. And it was pretty dark.
I'm usually not a fan of just comedy movies. Most of them are pretty bad, so I just usually avoid all of them.
Yeah. And the jokes are usually old and done in every single movie.
Yes.
comedy movies particularly Can't think of any off the top of my head now.
Oh god, yes. And that is horrible.
The characters were annoying and extremely awkward and the jokes were weren't good and I mean they weren't about fart jokes at this price.
I like comedy and documentary-type movies.
Well they're usually informative and that's always a nice thing, I like learning. Yeah.
I believe it's called AFK. It was about The Pirate Bay. I think it was, like, about how it came to be and, like, the legal issues that it faced, etc etc.
Don't really know what that is.
No, I don't like Star Wars. I never really got into it. Not really sure why, either. I guess I'm just not into the whole outer space thing.
Well, most movies probably drama.
I like movies that's not boring to watch.
Yes, I like action movies.
I like thrillers because they're exciting to watch.
My favorite movie is Home Alone 2.
I like that movie because it shows how a little boy defeated a bunch of robbers single-handedly, with nothing but his wits.
I don't like I don't like I don't like zombie movies.
zombie movie let's say World War Z
Yeah, I I saw it. I've seen it.
I like dramas quite a bit.
Usually the story, they're interesting. And it's easy to get involved with them. Just cuz it's an important story, it's not just mindless action or just something that doesn't matter.
Shawshank Redemption was really good.
I'm not a big fan of war movies.
I just generally don't think they're that interesting. There's a couple exceptions. Like I really like Saving Private Ryan. But most of the other ones I've seen just aren't that interesting. And it just they all kind of blend together and feel the same. And I just never get attached to anything that's going on.
I really like teen movies.
My favorite is probably She's the Man.
It's actually It's It's really fun to watch. It is actually a take off of a Shakespeare novel, and so the lead character is undercover impersonating her twin brother, and basically falls in love with another student who doesn't know that she's posing as a guy. And it's just a lot of fun. The actors are extremely likable. At the time, they were somewhat unknown. Amanda Bynes, who was the star, was not unknown, but the male lead, Channing Tatum was very unknown at the time, who's now a superstar. And it's just It's It's a lot of fun. The friends are a lot of fun. It's just sort of entertaining and sort of harmless fun, I guess.
I do like the movie She's All That.
For the most part I don't like scary movies or like horror movies. Some sci-fi doesn't work for me.
I don't dislike all sci-fi movies, but it's kind of particular which ones I like. I think the storylines can get very very complicated in a way that's almost unnecessary, like they should channel their focus more into one aspect or three aspects instead of you know, trying to tackle 20. And then sometimes I think about sci-fi, it's just you have to really stick the landing in the movie and If you don't, it's like a really It just doesn't come off well. So because it's such a It's sort of a concept movie where it's not It's not based in reality, there's a lot going on. When it's lacking, the whole thing falls apart. So if it doesn't come together on almost every way the way other movies don't need to, maybe there's a bad character, a plot point that doesn't really make sense, but it's no big deal. In sci-fi, it has to all work In order for it all to make sense and for the movie to be good, because already you're all in a alternate reality.
Any movie? I mean, last I could tell you a sci fi movie that's disappointing is Thirteenth Floor. That's terrible. But if you're talking about any movie in general that was bad I recently watched A Good Day to Die Hard and that was not good.
I have.
I liked the Ant Man. It was surprisingly good.
The lead actor Paul Rudd is fantastic in it. It's Really suits him.
No.
Yes.
I like documentaries.
cuz they're about things that happen in real life and I'm interested in stuff like that, like, I like non-fiction books for similar to to documentaries.
I like documentaries about nature. I also like documentaries about artists, filmmakers, painters, things like that.
No.
I don't like horror movies.
Cuz they scare me. They They give me bad dreams.
No.
Nope, haven't seen that, either.
Let me see, I saw Deadpool 2 recently.
Okay. Sounds good.
action movies and science fiction based movies I guess.
I like the world building, and science fiction, and being able to kind of go to a different place in time, or or the imagination that's in it. I like The Matrix.
That combines the science fiction and the action I guess and it's It does a really good job of storytelling within that.
I sort of don't like I guess documentaries to an extent cuz Or some documentaries cuz I find them kind off dry and they maybe remind me too much stuff I saw in school.
Hm. Coming up with names is difficult. Maybe any of the ones I've seen or what the History Channel used to show. The very dry black and white footage with the very kind of monotone British announcer guy. At least, that's what I think of when I think of bad documentaries.
No. Is that one where it's all on the computer screens?
Yes. One of my favorite series.
I like the director, Greengrass, and the actor, Damon, and I think they're just distilled down to their pure best parts of what an action film spy film is.
The Disney animated thing? Yes. I don't remember anything but the song, and I think that's just because it was played everywhere or talked about everywhere.
Well, I don't remember much about it but It was all right. I tend to enjoy the Disney animated films as much as anyone else. They're kind of hard not to like I guess.
They all kind of have the same formula I guess of the underdog or somebody making something right or making a wrong right. And they have good comedy and I'm in music I guess thing's pretty much universal appeal.
I like I like comedies quite a bit. I think I think they're underrated.
I mean they're just fine and you can laugh and have a good time and the subject matter is light and, you know, it's generally just about see seeing some funny.
Well one of them that I think is funny is the movie Hot Rod. Yeah. It's just It's just so ridiculous, right? So, there is like this crazy fighting between a father and son, and it's really over the top, and silly, and you'll just never even think that would that you would see something like that in a movie, and I'm just laughing thinking about it.
You know lately I'm not really a big fan of documentaries. I was one time but now I feel like they are all so similar.
Yeah, I saw Forrest Gump. Lot of memorable scenes from that movie.
You know, I thought it was I thought his character was a little bit one dimensional. But there were a lot of cool kind of iconic images from history that they that they spliced him into and I thought that was kind of neat.
I really like science fiction and action movies a lot.
They are interesting to see what things they come up with and how they think the future will look.
Yeah, really liked Back to the Future which is an older movie, but I thought it had a great plot with an interesting premise.
I thought the story of a mad scientist and time travel was interesting and something that you could feel could really happen.
Yeah, any movies that are boring and that are long winded, so to speak. So anything that is boring. I guess romantic movies fall under that. I just think they're boring.
A recent one? Dumb and Dumber, I didn't like. Just wasn't interesting and it wasn't funny at all. It didn't make me laugh.
It just felt like they kept recycling the same joke and and and there was really no plot in it. I thought at least it would make me laugh which it didn't.
Yes.
Yes. I thought it was really great.
I like movie I like comic hero movies, I like action movies. I like terrorist-attack movies. I like movies about zombies or movies regarding viral infections.
Cuz they are exciting, and you never know what's going to happen when there's a large disaster. Or the a zombie movie there is a lot of excitement and you have thousands of zombies some times chasing people, and it's super exciting.
I liked Zombieland. or World War Z
Because, it had zombies and it was super funny as well. It's very interesting. There was a lot of action and it also had comic comical moments.
Just the different ways that people died and things like that sometimes were funny.
animation films sometimes they are boring
It depends on a film, but I like I like films that are more realistic and have more realistic effects.
Pulp Fiction
Cuz, I found it very stupid, and I didn't like how it was made. I found out it was unrealistic, and it was and sometimes it was just It wasn't very as funny as many people made it out to be.
Yeah, that's that's true. Pulp Fiction was was a pretty drawn in action flick, but I just was not a fan of it. It was I thought it was more popular and overrated.
No. If it If it has the right If it has the the right concepts, and it is enjoyable to me, it doesn't matter to me if it's popular or not. But if it's popular, and yet it has bad reviews, that makes it over overrated. Or if there's a lot of people that don't like the film, but it has a high box office, that makes the film kind of overrated.
Yes, I thought it was very interesting. I liked how it had so many different You couldn't really find It was very confusing to find out what was real and what wasn't real. And you didn't know when it was false or not.
Because of the concept of you're in a dream within a dream.
No, is that a good movie?
I like movies such as like Schindler's List, Shawshank Redemption, basically anything that's drama, that's like based on a real story is interesting. I like you know, action movies. I like comedies, and you know, movies like Titanic.
Well, I like that they're like based on realistic ideas and that the story like happened in real life. I like the acting usually, I like the scenery, I like how everything is very convincing and realistic.
I do like serious movies.
I like movies like like the Titanic, and I loved E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial that's a fun movie, and Forrest Gump.
I just like the storylines, the the acting that you know couple of the movies are like based on real things as well, like real life happenings.
Movies that I don't like are usually ones that have really bad acting that are like kind of goofy, that are just like kind of silly and stupid.
Not at all. Don't have time for cheesy comedies.
Well, they're usually, you know, small productions, they're not well made, the acting is terrible.
horror. action, adventure, comedy
I like them. I don't know what to say. they're funny, excitement
Halloween 2018
It was a nice reboot and nostalgia to the franchise. And overall, and it was just enjoyable.
documentaries depending, romantic comedies
I don't know, can't think of anything off the top my head. Find them boring and cheesy, not fun to watch. Just not interesting in general.
The Pink Panther.
Yes.
No.
Yes.
Comedies are one of my favorites.
Sure. Best in Show is one of my all-time favorite movies.
Sure, that is a Best in Show as a mockumentary style movie and it is from Christopher Guest, his other ones are fantastic as well like Waiting for Guffman. And they are all sort of trying to stay true to what they are in mocking but also trying to have a comedic turn. So, this one is a dog show and is just hilarious it is it does really as like the Westminster Dog Show, but with the humor attached in of all the owners and the dogs and the people running it, and how serious it is, and just it's hilarious. It's sort of the There are movies that have like a cult following. The acting is fantastic. There's a lot of improvisation with the script. It's much more original than a typical movie. But they're fantastic movies.
You should
Like Dude, Where's My Car?, that was terrible.
It's a comedy and it knows it's dumb, but it's too dumb. So it's the The script is limited at best, where they're saying you know, "Dude, dude, dude." constantly, and it's just It's sort of like in the vein of like a Dumb and Dumber or Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventure. It's Like you know what they're going for, but it's just too dumb. The other two are too dumb for me, too. Just very simple and not harmful and you can actually watch it, but it's just not a good time. It's just It's just so simple and really when you look back the actors that are in it are too good for that kind of sort of simplistic scripts.
It does.
I absolutely have seen Thor.
Yes, I really like Thor.
It is The action is good. The You know, the lore that they're creating is interesting. The romance between Thor and Jane is very good, and it has lighthearted moments, like you said, and those really work, and they do work to sort of break up the different moments of There's parts in Jane's life that are a little lighthearted, and parts in Thor's life with his his friend, so there's there's definitely It's a good balance.
It doesn't hurt, he really is gorgeous.
I have not seen Wonder Woman yet, but I expect to like it when I do. And I didn't think it would be that funny but it's okay I do like action adventure quite a bit.
I I have definitely seen bridesmaids and I love bridesmaids.
It is a very funny movie, really well written, the execution of it is top notch, it was well cast. At the time the entire cast was not like a famous cast, but they were really perfect for their roles, so it really worked and they really worked together. And it was Definitely at the time, it was definitely a little more original that they were taking that they were doing that kind of movie women, so that was nice. But, it's just a It's a good time. It's a You definitely laugh quite a bit, and you just I think you come away liking everybody in it.
I like comedies and epics, like Lord of the Rings.
Lord of the Rings: Return of the King
I really like all the cool fights in it. I like Frodo as a character. He's really interesting.
How about Glow or whatever that movie was with the girl figure skaters
I don't like the chick flicks. The humor doesn't really do it for me, and it's just really boring. The pacing is really bad.
Yeah, that's a great movie.
I like that it's pretty much every kind of movie in one and the story was really engaging.
Yeah. Yes, I do.
I like I like the different stories that they follow and the cliffing ending and I really like John Travolta's acting in it.
I'm not sure what that movie is.
No
I really don't like the Harry Potter universe. It's dumb to me, and it was way too long for what it was.
One of my favorite movies is Remember the Titans.
I like it because it's a sports movie.
I like that, it's funny.
I like the music that plays in the movie.
I like sports movies that are true stories rather sports movies that watch true stories.
Honestly, I like sports movies because I love sports.
I dislike the movie Chucky.
I dislike this movie because is a horror movie, and I don't like horror movies.
I dislike horror movies because they're really dark, and there's usually a lot of blood, and they're generally scary. I'm not fond of scary movies.
Yes, I have watched the movie The Godfather.
I did. Yes.
I like it because it is a mobster movie. I like I also like movies that are from that time period that revolve around like the mob and stuff like that.
Sometimes I dislike the the language that they use. Sometimes there's a lot of cursing.
No.
I like musical movies. They transform me into a world that I didn't know existed, and it makes me peaceful, happy, and like I believe that I can do anything I want. The Wizard of Oz
It made me believe in the ever-after in another word that I have just dreamed about. I did not like scary movies like Screams. Scream was not one of my favorites.
It was just really scary, I don't like people dying in films.
No.
Yes.
No. I thought it was long, and just like I didn't like the animation. Just was boring to me.
Yes.
Loved it.
I like The fairy tale-ness made me believe in like happiness and just like the colors was good.
I watch fantasy and fiction.
It just it takes to a whole another world and you get to live a life that you can never live in the real world and that's just amazing and incredibly interesting.
Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows
There was a menacing evil that was taking control and it looked like a losing situation and heroines were fleeing for half the movie until they figured they finally got the courage to strike back at the evil and defeat it. I mean that that that one did.
I stay away from romantic movies. About love and stuff and that's the core idea.
I just don't think like love is that interesting. It's boring and that's all they're talking about.
I have. Many years ago.
The action was good. I think the theme was pretty good. The villain was compelling Mr. Baine. It was a pretty decently composed movie.
It was long, and it didn't need to be that long, and I just don't It wasn't I guess contiguous like plot where you kind of like you are excited the whole time or, you know, like things slow down and you feel good and then ramp up. But it's like it's boring for lots of part many parts of the movie.
Yeah, I've seen most most Purge movies.
I I think they're not that well done. It's like it's not that scary. A lot of the acting doesn't seem super believable as the line. There's a whole lot that I don't like about this movies.
I enjoy scary movies.
They scare me and I love being scared.
I do like Child's Play. I've been watching a lot of that lately. I love Chucky.
It used to scare me a lot when I was a kid. And yeah, I Just a very nostalgic movie for me.
Romantic movies.
I don't know, I just think it's kind of cheesy in the in the wrong way.
Yes.
I really like teen movies.
Teen movies, especially the ones that I like, are usually like mini romantic comedies or mini comedies. So almost always they're comedies, and because they're high school based, they are or high school age based, it's a simpler time in almost everybody's life, so the movie is very focused, and it's much more contained, and it's in some ways easier to get right, so there are a decent number of good ones for that time period. It's They're usually fun. They're usually easy to watch. They're usually lighthearted and funny, so it really works on all around.
10 Things I Hate About You is one of my favorites.
10 Things I Hate About You is actually a more sort of deeper teen movie than it's typical, which is good. So, they they it's actually based of a Shakespeare's play. So, it has a little more to go with it. The writing of the movie is really good, very funny, both appealing to sort of younger and a little bit older. And the acting was across the board. At the time that the the actors were known to people like me who were younger and followed who had seen a few movies with some of these people in it, but later on, almost every one of the people in this movie has become a huge star.
I didn't really care for Superbad.
Superbad was sort of a it was a comedy. It was a teen comedy that was fairly height as being great and you saw Turner commercials for it and everything and upon seeing it it was really a lock down. I think the funniest lines were literally in the commercials and that's what it had in it. It had a couple of funny lines. I think the the overall There we funny things in it but as a cohesive movie it didn't work so it was not all funny, it just had a couple funny lines in it. It had good actors, but they weren't used all that great. It was a very stilted and extremely Despite being a teen movie, they don't usually come off quite as juvenile. This came off juvenile.
No. I haven't seen Harry Porter movies.
Oh absolutely. Yes. I have heard of them.
No, not particularly.
Yes.
I like that it is a good mythology, so it's based of of a book. So, I really like movies that are based of of books. It is a good way to It's a good base to build the movie of of because sometimes a story a script can me underwhelming in that end and a book is always going to have more details than a movie so There's a lot to build off of. So in that way, I think it worked. It is not my favorite movie, but I like what Steven Spielberg was going for. It has a good deal of fantasy and imagery in it, so it worked. It was It was very well directed, it just wasn't my favorite content. But I never I didn't go into it expecting to love it.
I do.
I like comedies and I like historical movies.
You know, usually we really love histories like especially history that happened before film was invented. We read about it in books and I really enjoy being able to see it brought to life in a movie.
Exactly. Exactly.
Dunkirk
The the costumes and actually everything. The setting was very true to the time period and had really good acting in it. I like Mark Rylance, and I like Kenneth Branagh.
Types of movies I don't like. I don't like movies like the Jackass movies, not my cup of tea.
No, I can't think of anything else.
Oh, Jackass To me, Jackass was just really boring. It was just It was just boring. It was dull. It wasn't funny or cool or interesting to me.
Yeah, exactly.
No, I I haven't seen it and I would like to see it.
Haven't seen that, and I think that would be a fun one to see, also.
Okay. Thanks for the recommendation.
Yeah, I saw Venom.
It's okay. I like Tom Hardy, but I felt the plot was a little I thought the writing wasn't as good as could have been. Could have been a little better. I was disappointed.
It's okay.
Sure thing.
I like critical clean documentaries.
I like how they highlight the humanity of real life in giving me a window to the real things that are going on in the world that I don't know about.
I liked the new Mr. Rodgers movie. It made me cry much.
It just showed how good he is was as a person, as a man, and how he helped everyone in the world become better people, to always strive to be good people.
Yeah, it was great.
I don't like horror movies.
They are scary to me and they just don't represent a reality that I want to believe that's real. I just would rather it be fake and just like not even come to life as a real thing.
Yep. The Ring
I don't like how it could be something that could really happen in real life and that it just was like really demonic and witchcraft stuff that I just would like to believe is not a real thing.
Yes. I love Frozen.
I love Frozen. Frozen was like uplifting sisterhood family kind of a like like real life show that just highlighted the powership of women, of sisters, and a bond of staying together, and I love that part of it. I love the music and the costumes.
Yep. Loved it.
I like comedy a lot.
They are entertaining and funny and they just make you feel good when you're feeling down. And they're really fun to watch with a group just cuz everyone is having a good time and they're also very quotable. I guess they'll quote comedies from years ago.
I like Christmas Vacation a lot, the Chevy Chase movie.
I like Christmas movies in general, just cuz Especially this time of year, it's like a wholesome I mean it's not a wholesome movie, but it's a family movie and it's funny, and it's just really entertaining.
A movie I didn't like I didn't like The Adventures of Pluto Nash.
It was a terrible movie. It wasn't funny. It was the worst movie I've ever seen. It was supposed to be a comedy, and I never laughed once.
Yep.
No, I have not.
Yeah. I've seen all of them.
They're just entertaining movies, and they're I like sci-fi movies in general. So it's neat to see the technology, and the story is cool. Although the more recent ones aren't as good as the older ones, but that's all right.
I really like comedy movies.
I just like how entertaining they are and they usually have a lot of good jokes and the actors are funny.
I'd probably have to say Billy Madison's my favorite movie.
It's just really silly, has a lot of dumb humor in it, but it It just kind of gets you to smile and laugh and just kind of makes you have a good day, honestly.
I have. And I thought that movie was really really good too cuz of Jim Carrey.
And again it's just got a lot of silly humor. The plot's pretty good and then like actors like Jim Carrey just carry the movie.
Probably romance movies overall. They just don't really interest me. It's not something I kind of enjoy.
Usually the story lines is really unrealistic and boring to me.
I guess thrillers or kind of mystery movies, things where people are trying to solve a mystery or an issue.
Half the twists are good, but it's now I don't I'd rather have no twist than a bad twist.
Not particularly.
Okay, what type of movie? Like I said, I guess mystery or thrillers.
probably romantic comedy
That is really cliche, and boring, and they all seem the same to me.
Be weird, but I don't think I would sit and make up for the rest of it just cuz they had a weird ending or unexpected ending.
I've never seen Thor. I'm not a big fan of comic book movies.
I like Good Will Hunting, I would probably like movies you would consider similar to it.
I generally like sci-fi and fantasy, and on occasion I like documentaries
Basically, it's an extension of what I like to read in books. I love Sci-Fi fantansy and I like historical fiction and things like that.
I As far as sci-fi goes, I really like Blade Runner. It feels like a very good classic movie that embodies everything I like about sci-fi. Basically anything Asimov I really like.
Well, I can't think of any specific movie, but I generally Sci-fi and fantasy tend to have like Whenever you look at movies that are classified by that genre, they're generally for children. So I tend to avoid those types of movies.
No.
I've seen Logan.
I did. I'd already read the comic beforehand.
I like animation movies.
I like the movie Wall-E.
I love the whole story line and it was sort of realistic. It's something that can happen to us actually in the future and I love the characters.
I don't like to watch science fiction films. It's my least favorite genre.
Don't really have much interest for Star Wars.
I think the story line is just too much to take in, and sometimes it gets a little bit too boring for me.
I think it's like the whole science aspect of it. It's just that it's too fictional for me I guess. It's It's just too unrealistic for me.
Yes, I have seen Moana.
I really did like it.
I like comedies a lot.
It was okay, but I don't particularly like comedies about people doing dumb stuff.
Oh, wow! The last one I watched? Oh I guess Deadpool was pretty good.
That was pretty sarcastic, the hero didn't take himself too seriously I liked that.
What didn't I like about it? I liked it pretty good, so there wasn't much about it I didn't like.
I haven't seen it. I like actions movies, but they've made so many of them now and seems like it's kind of the same formula over and over and over again. They're often very loud as well, which I don't particularly enjoy. They're not very subtle, either.
Sure.
Well, he had funny costumes, doing thing you wouldn't expect them to do. I mean, they still loved each other a while, had each other backs. but They still made mistakes, and they were somewhat human, even though they were doing incredible things, so I liked that part about it.
Superhero movies cuz there's a lot of action in them, a lot of action. That's why I like them.
Avengers Infinity War, it had love, romance, action, adventure. It was just a great story.
Right, the ending was really something but
I don't like Westerns. I wasn't a fan of the Lone Ranger. It just felt old.
They played up Tonto, Johnny Depp Tonto too much. They made the Lone Ranger look like a comic like a sidekick instead of him being the star.
Oh yeah, I like Dumb and Dumber. That was funny.
I thought Jim Carrey was hilarious in that movie. I loved his line, "I think I liked you a lot." Every time I seen that, I cracked up. Plus I love their haircuts. Their haircuts look pretty wild.
right
Thor was awesome. I loved it. What action! What romance! What adventure! They did a good job with it.
Right. That was a great movie with Loki. Loki really was I thought the star of that movie. I thought it was great.
I don't remember what the exact premise of the movie is, but I I did like Superbad. I thought it was really funny and original.
With Superbad, it was just the ridiculous humor, the irreverent jokes, and just something that was sort of plausible but not really. It just took It took something that was kind of plausible, the whole premise of the movie, and then went way over the top with it and made it just kind of crazy.
Oh yeah, I love superhero movies. Haven't seen a really bad one, although Suicide Squad wasn't very good, but it wasn't super It wasn't bad. It was But the Marvel movies are I loved all of those. Especially the Thor part of the series.
I enjoyed the first Hunger Games a lot. The second one was pretty good, but then when they split the book up into two sections, the the third and fourth one just kind of was so slow to me. I mean I went I went and saw them, but they weren't nowhere near as good as the first two. Just like splitting that last movie up just kind of really ruined the franchise.
I don't know. I mean, I just didn't like the I like The Hunger Games, but I didn't like the way it was presented the last two movies, split up like that. It just wasn't very good. I liked the first two though a lot, especially the first one. The first one was really good and stayed true to the book, but the third and then the fourth one just wasn't very good.
I love romantic comedies, and I also love comedies.
Oh well, I really like these kind of movies because they make me forget about what is going on around me. I really like to be entertained, and I really like to laugh.
Yeah, sure. Let me see. Let's see. One of my favorite movies is Forgetting Sarah Marshall.
Yeah, let me see. Let me think about that for a moment. It's one of the worst movies was a movie called Cheerleader Ninjas. It was like the worst movie and just was kind of a worthless movie and not very well-acted.
Oh, it just didn't keep my interest and it was kind of boring. Just a boring movie.
I haven't seen it. I haven't heard of that movie.
Oh yeah, I liked Gone Girl, that was a great movie.
Gone Girl it's It's The acting is really good. It's It's keeps your interest. Kind of It's kind of a a crime film that is is dramatic, so it's just something very interesting that keeps my interest.
Oh, yeah. That's a classic. I really like that one.
Murder on the Orient Express is is a classic film. I like all the actors in it, Penélope Cruz, Willem Dafoe, these are great actors. Yeah.
I like action movies and I like comedy movies kind of like Happy Gilmore Billy Billy Madison.
like action movies in the sense of something that kind of gives you thrill or has kind of like superheroes in it per say maybe like Captain America movies or like Iron Man movies.
the new Avengers movie
Anything like romance-related, so like The Notebook, I just don't relate to them very much, and it's just really unappealing.
Normally if it's got like really good reviews or not.
I like dramas just because they're central to real life experiences.
the hate you The Hate U Give
It was depicting real life. And definitely the the information that was done with race, I thought it was needed to be known.
I don't like biographies.
I didn't think it was being real authentic because if it's like something from the past, how could they actually know what happened? So, I just felt like it was fake.
Yes. Yes. I have.
Yeah.
I like the acting, the real life story, the directing was great, and I think it was suspenseful.
I like all different types of movies.
They're quite fun to watch. A lot of different genres out there to pick from, so you can never really get too bored.
My least favorite is probably horror, not a huge fun of scary movies.
Yeah, probably. I'd say so.
One of my favorite movies is Big Hero 6.
There was kid following him so I was able to go with like my little nephews and stuff and I was just the shots are really well done wealthy was an animated movie and just sort of form.
I didn't like IT.
I never saw the original, I saw the remake.
It didn't really feel scary. I I was in the mood for a scary movie, but it's just never scared me. It was only like drama scaring rather than psychological scaring.
No, I have not seen Ocean's Eleven.
It was very extravagant like I thought it would be more comedy but it wasn't quite a comedy but it was very grand in the way I imagined crazy roachings.
I like action movies that are relevant today.
Guardians of the Galaxy. That one was out a few years ago, but I was disappointed with the ending.
It has It has modern actors in it so it's kind of a new age action movie, but I'm looking forward to newer movies that are coming out.
I didn't like the ending to Guardians of the Galaxy. They gave up on saving the world or saving the galaxy or so it seemed even though they saved it. They saved the galaxy at the end of the movie, but the theme of the story was that was that it was It was a joke, and they didn't actually save the universe.
Guardians of the Galaxy
Yes. I didn't like the theme of the movie. So, it was enjoyable because of the actors and the story. But the theme of the story and the moral behind the ending of it. It wasn't that great. So it was enjoyable at first, but it turned out to be a movie I wouldn't watch again.
What's the remake to Children of the Corn? I couldn't even watch that movie. It isn't the same.
It's a rehash of the old movie, and it wasn't as exciting. I guess I'm not involved in the world as much as I was when I was a kid. People paid more attention, so when you see a movie that comes out, you're already in it. And it just isn't the same today. You're waiting and waiting for a call, and you secretly make some movies, and you think they're relevant, but they aren't. So it was not an enjoyable movie.
I haven't seen it.
sort of But I don't know anything about it.
I haven't heard of it. But it sounds like something I would like.
No. I don't like the name. I don't know anything about it.
It doesn't sound that great. I haven't heard of it though.
Who doesn't? The remakes are trailing off a little bit.
I dislike that it's trailing off. I didn't feel it when when the new ones came out and I'm sure there's still more, but It doesn't permeate culture as much as it should, or at least my culture.
I like sci-fi or fantasy movies because it's a escape, and I enjoy settings of that that type.
Oh yes, Interstellar.
It has a very good story that with a twist at the end and it uses pseudoscience that we might that might actually be true.
Titanic
I found the love story unnecessary and also some of the acting in in the movie I was was bad. The story was okay but I could do without the other love story.
Yes, I though it was quite action-packed and good. Yes, I did.
It was action-packed, and I like the story line. And And there was a lot of very good special effects that made the the dinosaurs seem real.
I have not seen it, so I don't have an opinion.
I've not seen Elf either.
Yes.
No.
Yes.
It's just mindless fun. The special effects with all the marks, and the fighting, and stuff was really cool. it just it just a mindless fun, action movie. So, I enjoyed it.
I have not seen it.
Yes.
I like action, adventure movies, comedy, like something like like a 21 Jump Street, 22 Jump Street. I do like parody movies sometimes, depending on who's in the movie. Documentaries are good, depending on the subject. Drama movies are good. And I'm pretty I'm pretty into like fantasy story like Star Wars and Star Trek movies. Those are pretty interesting to me. I like something with a good narrative, a good storyline, and good character growth.
That really depends. Like if it's a good actor and I really appreciate their movies I'll watch it. But if if it's like a new actor I'll want to see how the story is. And if the story is good, their growth as a character, the main plot, if it's not a cliche plot If it's something I'm into since If it's like a Trilogy and I've been into it since the first movie, I'll continue to watch it to understand the storyline. And if it's a continuous story that continues within the first two movie that is within first two movies, that really helped me, I'll watch them.
I don't like horror movies or thriller movies at all. Those are the two genres that I I will stay away from a lot.
scared of me? Most of the time I'm home at night by myself and I get paranoid and if you live in a big house alone, you just don't expect anything and you're like worried that something will happen. Stuff like Chucky's scared me as a little kid and I still like freaks me out as an adult. I'm not really into clowns cuz they scare me too so i avoid it. There are some movies are they're like funny movies. Like if it's scary movie 1, 2, or 3, I'm like, "Okay I'm watching it." Cuz it's funny but at the same it's scary but at the same time it's not it is funny.
A movie that I really like recently or in general?
Recently, I think I liked Avengers: Infinity War a lot. Yeah, that's that's the most recent one I liked. In general, there's this movie called The Town, has Ben Affleck. It's a pretty solid movie, and I enjoyed it from start to end. It's probably my most favorite movie. It's up there like my top three favorite movies of all time.
I liked Avengers: Infinity War because it's a superhero movie, of course. It had really everything that I enjoyed from the past 10 years of the Marvel Universe, cuz Iron Man's my favorite hero in the Marvel Universe, and then Spider-Man's next to him. And it was pretty amazing, the storyline was pretty good, it hit your emotional cores when it gets there, and the character growth What was going on was pretty good, too. The Town and I loved it so much because it's like it's a bank heist movie, but it's like really good. It was written really well. And the direction of the from the director was pretty solid. And I enjoyed Ben Affleck's performance in the entire movie.
I would say Venom. It was disappointing. I didn't I'm not going to say I didn't like it. It was just disappointing on what I've seen versus than what I expected.
I like mysteries and thrillers, just cuz they're exciting and they keep you on the edge of your seat, and they also While you're watching them, you're trying to think of who If it's a murder mystery type thing, it's like who did it and how are they responsible? And it's a neat little kind of like a puzzle while you're watching the movie.
I like Zodiac a lot, if we're talking thrillers.
It's based on a true story. It's about a serial killer, and it's just really interesting to see the investigation and how they tried to catch him, even though they never ended up catching him. It was neat to see the process the police took and how they tried to go about it and how he evaded getting captured repeatedly.
Epic Movie was a really bad movie that I saw in college.
humor. It was so bad. It was meant to be like a parody of fantasy movies like Lord of the Rings cuz those were popular at the time when it came out. It was just so stupid. It wasn't funny at all.
I haven't seen it.
Yep.
It was all right. I'm not a big comic book movie person but I like Paul Redwood, so I was all right with it.
I haven't seen it.
I like superhero movies.
They have great action great plots. lots of great CGI, lots of great special effects, lot of humor, lot of life and death, more questions
I like a little of both depending on the mood I'm in. Sometimes I like realistic movies, and sometimes I like the other kind. Just depend what the mood is, and who I'm with.
I just came back and I saw Deadpool. That was a real good one, Deadpool 2. It had a lot of fun, lot of black humor. It was pretty good. Dark. Dark but funny. Made me think. And laugh too, though.
I honestly liked the second one better, which kind of shocked me, cuz I loved the first movie, and the second one was a little better the way they played with that team called X-Force. I like Cable, too. Cable was pretty interesting.
Well I got to say it's not probably a popular opinion, but I don't like the Twilight movies. I tried to watch them with my girlfriend, and the first one was all right, but after a while it becomes too much of a soap opera for me, and I didn't really go for them. I know they're tremendously popular though. First one I I liked, and then went downhill after that. Seemed like to me the same thing every every movie. They just changed the title after a while.
No. I think I got to the wedding. I got to the wedding. I started getting confused when they brought in the werewolf character.
I haven't seen Superbad yet, I heard that's really funny. A lot of my friends recommended me to try that out. That's something I should try out.
That'd be a good one to watch over the summer. I'm definitely going to put that on my my list.
Let's see. I like action-adventure and I like those types of movies because I'm always on the edge of my seat and they're really exciting to watch.
The Beach
Yeah. It's kind of like action adventure with a little bit of mystery added in and throughout the movie you're just trying to figure out who's committing murders, and it's just super exciting and just a lot under watch and kind of, you know? While you're watching you're just of trying to figure everything out before the end of the movie comes
Yeah. Let's see. I don't like science fiction, also. I'll say Let's see. Avengers.
I don't like the whole superhero thing and I don't like the fantasy aspect of it that it's not true to life at all.
You know what? I've never heard of it.
It's okay. It's kind of up there with Avengers, but I could leave at that.
To be honest, I thought it had a lot a lot of profanity. The The both the first and second Deadpools, and I don't know, that's just not my thing. I thought it was a little over the top in that way, and it kind of really took away from the rest of the movie.
Yes.
And let's see Her adventure and drama, I thought they were both relevant to the story.
Yes, absolutely.
The cast was great, and the story line.
I like that it was different from all so many other movies and that there was no really no sound. I mean very little sound. I thought that was kind of a really interesting twist that they used in the movie.
Yeah. Yeah. That was pretty good.
It's scary without being over the top scary and then and also it's kind of focused on older or younger people rather than older people.
a drama films
I like how human they are. And I like how I can relate to the characters, and the troubles they're going through.
The Descendants
I really like the characters, and I empathized a lot with how they were feeling, and Just the whole experience they were going through and the way they were dealing with that as humans.
I don't particularly like romantic comedies or animated trombone songs.
I think they're frequently very frivolous and use stock plots and tropes. And things that don't really excite me or interest me.
Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs
I think the animation is awful. I don't particularly like the characters in the story and I I think it's very one moded the humor.
Yes.
I like the characters and the overall tone of it, but I thought it was over long.
I really like drama and action films.
Something that I can relate to, something that makes me feel good, something that I want to talk to others about.
I really enjoy like movies like The Shawshank Redemption.
Oh, it's just the acting was really good and I really like the whole scenery of the movie and I really enjoy the plot. It's just very memorable.
I really don't like You know, horror films, I hate that.
It just doesn't appeal to me. It's not something that I have interest in. It's It's just I'm not interested in being scared out of my mind.
Nothing specific just all horror movies.
I have not, but I'd like to.
I've seen that.
I really like the acting, and I like the the style of the movie, and I really liked you know the whole I just really enjoyed the movie. It's very well acted.
Oh, I like superhero movies a lot. Anything that has superheroes, and it really makes me happy. And I'll watch pretty much anything.
Yeah. The first Spider-Man movie, I thought it was a great movie. And it really got me hooked on superhero movies, because I thought the story line was pretty good. The actions, the scenes, the direction. Everything is perfect on that, and I think I've watched it like 20 times.
Or, there is a a a a movie The Notebook which everybody really praises, and I found it boring and uninteresting. It just I almost fell asleep, it just wasn't for me.
I think the romance aspect and everything that it entails was just lost on me, cuz it just bores me.
No, I actually heard really bad things about it and I don't want to see it.
Yes.
I like the movie Inception by Nolan. I also like Star Wars.
I thought the concept of the movie was quite original and the movie just pulled me in with it's action and storytelling.
I did not like Justice League.
The special effects were terrible, and the acting was ho hum at best. It just wasn't good.
I thought the movie was okay. It wasn't great. It wasn't terrible. It was just an okay movie.
Yes, I do.
I like science fiction movies for the most part.
I really enjoyed watching Blade Runner 2049 in theaters.
I like the fact that they have very lived-in, well developed worlds, good stories and good characters.
I wasn't a very big fan of Sharknado for the most part.
I found the movie to be just too over the top for my sensibilities. The acting was poor, and I just couldn't enjoy it, for the most part.
Yes, I've seen Aliens.
I though it was a fantastic movie, and I felt it surpassed the original Alien movie.
Absolutely. Matrix is a fantastic movie and absolutely a classic.
My favorite types of movies are drama, documentary, some action adventure, and a little bit of fantasy mixed in, primarily
I like I like The Matrix, the whole the whole trilogy of The Matrix because the story there was a little bit of Sci Fi and it related to real life and just a new perspective.
I like all the Matrix movies. The first one was like an entryway into what the Matrix is and the story about basically society being a game. And then I mean, just the sci-fi aspects of it it's like fantasy mixed with I mean, it's It's hard to describe in a way, cuz it's it It was done in a way that was not like anything else before. So on another note, I like the way the characters were created and how they were put in place. It was very good actors that were chosen for the movies. Well then that's that's pretty much it, just an awesome, freaking trilogy.
Let's see. I didn't really care for for Blues or anything like like Dirty Dancing. I wasn't really keen on that kind of kind of movie because like those dancing movies and music movies don't really grab me and Like High School Musical, Chicago, stuff like that. I mean Chicago was okay. It was I could deal with that one. It was more artsy. But movies like musical movies that are too cheesy, I can't get into those. And also because it's just It's just too cookie cutter and too mainstream. It needs to have some art to it.
I saw the first one, and I saw a little bit of the second one, but it's It was all right. I'm more I just like the basic superhero movies
I don't like the inclusion of like comedy and how the comedy was used. I think it should have been more serious. Like the original Spider-Man with Tobey Maguire was more serious than Spider-Man: Homecoming. Even the second one was a little bit more There was some comedy in it that was just not right for that comic style, so And another reason is, I just didn't like how the story was written for the movie, like expected of the director, and they They could have written it a little bit more based around the comic book instead of how it was.
I saw the original one, but I didn't see the new one.
Yes, I've heard of it. And I know Jamie Lee Curtis is back in it.
I think down the road, I probably will see it. I'm probably not going to go see it in theaters, but I wouldn't mind seeing that, versus the one that was made by I think Rob Zombie. That was That was a totally different perspective of it, which I actually did like that one too, so we'll see.
I haven't seen that.
I think I have heard of it. I think I've heard of that title, but that's it.
Probably not. I'd have to look into it a little bit more to see what's it's about stuff so
I haven't seen that one.
Yes, I've seen that. I was just talking about that earlier.
I really like science fiction movies and movies that are stimulating like different worlds and things like that.
Because it's out of what's normally possible in the world, so it makes it just different and more interesting. I don't really want to watch anything that's too realistic in a movie. I want to be entertained.
Mostly romance movies, they don't speak to me.
I find them boring, and just they make me fall asleep. Just short to say, there's I can't name any romance movies that ever interested me or made me excited to watch them.
Recently, well, I recently watched rewatched actually Back to the Future which is actually a classic movie that is high on my list and 1 day I just felt like watching it. That's the most recent one I've watched it, so a very fun movie with a fun storyline.
It has good characters, good background, the story is interesting. It has a lot of science fiction elements obviously, and it's it just speaks to me.
I think I want to go see the new Spider-Man movie.
I liked the character Spider-Man and again it's a science fiction movie. I really enjoy the the first films of all I've been watching the next ones after that.
Yes. I've seen it. It was horrible.
It was horrible. The story didn't make any sense, and it just felt like there was just combat, and that was it. I can't even tell you what it was about after watching it.
Yes, I wish I could get my money back. And my time.
I have not but it's been on my to-watch list.
I like movies from Disney and Pixar studios and I like them because they're usually light hearted and upbeat and fun.
I like a Toy Story 3.
I like it because it's funny, it's charming, it has a good message, and it makes me feel nostalgic.
I didn't really care for The Jungle Book.
I like the music. I disliked that it was remade. I think the original was better and I was not crazy about the voice acting.
I like the original one that came out. I don't like the remake.
I just liked Jim Carrey, and I didn't feel that the movie needed to be remade.
Yes, I do like that movie.
I liked the books, and I also like the fantasy genre.
I don't know that movie.
I have not heard of that movie.
Yes, I did like that movie.
I like all of the Marvel movies generally, and I like the character Thor.
I like the actors in the movie and I enjoyed the story line.
I like action films and spy films and thrillers.
I like the whole lone person against the world trying to save the world situation. Also, I like the whole cloak and dagger aspect of the spy films.
Hunt for Red October
It has submarines, it has spies. It has It has great music. The soundtrack's fantastic. It's got everything I want.
(accidentally deleted) The Russians are trying to defect with their entire submarine to the United States. And so the plot revolves around that.
I don't like romance movies. That's about it. oh and, most kids they usually count as chick flicks and I don't like chick flicks. That's They just don't do it for me. They bore me.
I've heard of it. But, I have not I have not seen it.
I love Star Wars.
The original, it's got space battles, and it's got It's got a fun western feel to it. It's got the Yeah, it's just got a good plot. It's got some good pacing. Though the first one, which is number four, isn't as good, but Empire Strikes Back is fantastic.
I like fantasy movies and animation movies
I liked it I like that they let you explore different worlds, different places, and realities that are impossible in the real world. And about animation, I think it's a really interesting medium to tell stories in a very unique way.
Howl's Moving Castle is one of my favorite movies.
I liked the animation, the character design, and the soundtrack is amazing. Also, the plot is very fantastical, but there are parts of the movie that I don't quite understand, but it's a really appealing and and eye-catching movie.
I don't like historical movies. And I don't like movies that contain men in skirts, like 300 and Pompeii. I always fall asleep in that kind of movies.
I dislike that for most of the of the movie there's nothing happening. It's just like you follow the everyday lives of the characters, and their interactions with each other, but nothing really happens. And the interesting parts usually last very little.
300, I didn't like that movie.
That it was boring. And this the the style that it has it's really weird. It's like really dark colors and, I don't know, it just seems boring. And it was boring to me. The plot wasn't interesting, and I wasn't quite sure if it was supposed to be fantasy or historical fiction.
Yes. I don't like that movie. I didn't like the book. And I don't like the movie. It was really boring and I fell asleep like half of the movie.
I mainly prefer to I mainly like watching scary movies and maybe superhero movies.
I like watching horror horror movies because it keeps me at the edge of my seat and and I like jump scares and I like watching superhero movies because I don't know, I just like watching a good guy win.
Recently I watched Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse, and it was just amazing because it it's about what happens after the original Spider-Man retires.  And all these little other Spider-Mans, they do the same thing that he does.
Okay. A recent horror film I watched was Bird Box. I'm not sure you could say it was horror, but there was no point in the story because you never get to see the monster. It was just suspense the whole time. And, I don't know, it was kind of boring.
Yes, I have.
Yes, I have.
Yes, I do.
I don't know. It's just I like watching live films about cartoon characters that I used to read about and watch.
Sci-Fi movies
Cuz I always like seeing movies about the future and space battles and stuff like that.
Yes, very much. Yes.
The very first Star Wars in 1977, A New Hope.
Well I saw it when I was a kid, and it introduced me to the whole idea of fantasy and science fiction.
Romance, family-oriented Musicals, that's about it.
Yeah. It just doesn't interest me.
Yes, I have heard of it, but I have not seen it as yet.
Yes. I liked it a lot.
It was well directed. The acting was great. The story with the shocker at the end, it was just overall well done movie, the pacing, everything about it.
I like horror, comedy, action.
Avengers: Infinity War
It was action packed and had a lot of great moments.
I liked all the individual character moments, and the way they used them was perfect.
the newest Fantastic Four
It was so boring and it didn't do the Fantastic Four comics any favors
I never saw Death Wish.
I've heard of it, but I haven't seen Fight Club.
I love The Matrix. That was my one one of my favorite movies growing up.
I have great moments, the fighting parts were really cool and I just loved how they they made it
I haven't seen Red Sparrow.
I haven't seen Insurgent either.
That was one of the best Harry Potter movies.
I just like movies that have magical powers and stuff like that and Harry Potter is pretty good and had a dragon in it. I love dragons, so I love the movie. It's pretty good.
I like action movies and movies about superheroes.
I like Avengers: Infinity War.
I like Avengers. It was a fun movie with lot's of actors that I liked. And it was very pretty.
I like Josh Brolin. I like Steve I like Chris Hemsworth, and I like Chris Evans. I also like Chris Pratt.
I check for reviews to see how many other people have liked the movie. I check for reviews to see how critics like the movie. I check to see if there is a showtime that will fit my needs and my availability. I don't like how expensive they are to see in theaters, and I don't like how there's a lot of them that aren't good, and it's misleading.
I am planning on watching the movie, as soon as I can get some friends together to go.
Yeah, a little bit.
Yes, I have actually. It's been a long time but yeah, I have seen it.
Yeah. I think I'm pretty sure I'd liked it. It's certainly not a bad movie.
Yes. I've seen that and I like it a lot actually.
I like how it like opened my mind up a little bit to different perspectives. Like the whole red pill versus blue pill thing. Like I thought that was actually kind of really cool because Just I don't know. It speaks It speaks me out of deep love I guess.
Right? Yeah, it really was. But it was also kind of a huge turning point with like how I viewed life, too.
I like I like the implementation of humor into this It's actually It makes these tasks a lot less monotonous.
I don't know if I've actually seen them, and if I have, I don't remember. So I'm indifferent towards them, I guess.
Fair enough, I wouldn't or I don't really watch a whole lot of action movies so
I like I like Adam Sandler type of movies, Billy Madison. comedy comedy movies, action movies Suspense movies, horror movies.
I like horror movies because they keep me because I want to know how the ending will be, like Horror movies just bring out like the gruesomeness of killings and stuff like that. It's just I find it fascinating. It just leaves me at the edge of my seat. It just It just keeps me thrilled. I just want to know how the story will end.
Movie that I particularly like is Toy Story 3.
It just showed It just a showed a kid growing up growing up playing with his toys and matured and went to college and he he decided to throw away his toys. or someone in his family decided to throw away his toys and they all went to a place where they now treat the toys really well so It just talks about a low point life event turning a low point to a positive point. It also had a good versus evil type of feel to the movie, like the good people are the toys that Andy used to play with, and the bad people were the toys that were secluded from everyone.
Movie that I don't like was Project X. I don't like Project X.
That's about it.
I've never seen Star Wars. Never really grew up watching Star Wars.
Ant man. I've seen the trailer of it but Yeah, it seems cool like a small a small person can become huge and become powerful not to to be evil could could feel sorry to it. Defeats evil. I'm a fan of him. I'm a fan of the movie.
Yeah, I like them. Whenever I have a chance, I watch them.
I'll see, let me think. I really like Wonder Woman, it was very good movie.
it's a movie about a character that I grew up with. I remember watching Wonder Woman on television when I was a kid, and I was a big fan of it then, and I'm a big fan of it now.
I'm just a fan of the genre and You know, it was a great movie. had you know It was great filming, great storyline, good characters, good actors It was all round, you know, a good movie.
I'm not a big fan of horror movies. I can't think of the name of one in particular. That the one of the remakes, The Exorcist. don't like the genre, and the movies just really don't appeal to me. I mean they may be good movies, but I just don't I can't make myself watch them cuz I just I don't know. They don't scare me, and they may be well done, but I just Just the interest is just not there for me. I can't I can't force myself to watch them. There are too many other good movies out there to waste my time. with those types
No, I haven't seen that. Is that That's a comedy, isn't it? Had a big cast. I remember seeing the preview I think, but no, I haven't seen the movie.
Yeah, I've seen that I've seen that one a few times. Quentin Tarantino's one of my favorites and
That was the first Yeah, it was great. That was the first movie that he actually did, had complete control over. Wasn't his first screenplay, but it was The subject matter is not is not what some Wouldn't be for everybody cuz it was kind of you know, it was pretty graphic if you saw it. And lots of blood and killing and maiming and hurting. But I liked it. I enjoyed it. I didn't think it was too much. It was At the time, it was a breath of fresh air. I don't know if you could say that now because you know, it's been kind of done but it's hard to recapture that initial time, but I think at time it was you know kind of ahead of it's time actually and there have been a lot of imitation since then.
What would you like to know? I can tell you about the movies that I like. I like action and fantasy films as well as science fiction films. Some of my favorite films include: Star Wars, The Lord of the Rings trilogy and The Hobbit trilogy.
I can't tell you that I don't like low budget films, as I just don't find them very entertaining.
That's a pretty easy question to answer. I like that The Lord of the Rings trilogy offered an escape from reality.  It was such a convincing world that it took place in with so much detail and it was such an epic scale that it felt like I was a part of that world and that adventure. And not many movies are able draw me in to that degree.
I have to think about that for just a second. Let me see here. Movies that I did not like. That's an easy one. Star Wars: The Last Jedi. I did not like Star Wars: The Last Jedi.
I think it was very poorly written. I think the People in charge of the movie were more interested in pushing identity politics and the left-wing political agenda and it put that overwriting and creating a good Star Wars movie and it shows. The movie gives us very shallow characters. It gives us let down after a let down  And it tries to fundamentally change the core values of the franchise's main characters such as Luke Skywalker, and it basically insulted as fans and supporters of the franchise in many different ways, whether it's the petty scenes where Luke is having to drink milk from the tit of a giant sea cow, or when he throws his beloved father's lightsaber over his shoulder as if it were worth nothing to the I could go on and on about why I do not like that movie. Is there anything else?
Yes. I read the book series. I read almost every single Star Wars book growing up as a child. Well, over 40 books.
I did like it, but I wasn't very impressed, and I wasn't very interested by it. While I don't think it's a bad movie, I just didn't particularly enjoy it very much.
Yes, I liked the movie Aladdin.
I like the characters such as Genie, played by Robin Williams. He's one of my favorite actors, and I like the art style and the amazing music.
I'm really big into biographies, like real life story movies.
I like to learn about people's experiences and I feel like it keeps me like grounded as a human being.
I like the Muhammad Ali movie.
I like that he keeps He gives you the best motivations to go after your dreams, but also be kind and be fearless.
I don't like westerns.
I think it's just like a weird thing to be care about. I mean, it should just be like ancient history.
Westworld, it's not my favorite movie or TV show, I think it's just like a weird concept.
Just the unauthenticness of the reality of a situation that could happen in the future.
Yes.
I liked Inception, how it kept you kept you interested in new things, and like you just didn't know if it was true or not.
I like comedy movies.
Cuz they are funny. They make me laugh. I learn new funny things from watching the movie
One of my favorite movies is The Waterboy.
It's about a guy, Bobby Boucher. He gets fired from his his his position that he had as a waterboy for a team, and he he finds another one finds another team that that hires him, and then when they're about to fire him, he tackles he tackles a football player, and then he then then the coach makes him like a starting player for the team, and funny. It's really an underdog movie. Bobby goes from being the worst the worst person in the team to being the top best to being the best player on the team. So, yeah, it's an underdog movie. You feel good, I like it.
Yep, I like it.
A movie that I don't like is a movie that I watched many years ago. It's called Project X, because there was no storyline. It just showed pictures It just showed images It showed images of of breast, boobs, ass, didn't really have a developing storyline, so I didn't really like it. I wouldn't I wouldn't go and see it again. It made me It made me sad cuz I waste my money on that movie. It was just terrible. I just didn't like it. I got angry.
Yes. I agree.
Yeah, I like those adventurous type of movies. Yeah, I like the weapons that they use, different characters. So, yeah, I like it.
I like action movies.
I like the high-driven action, and it takes me away from reality.
I really liked The Avengers.
I liked the consistency of action and also the humanity of the storytelling.
I don't like romantic comedies.
I did not like 30 dresses.
Not realistic to the story of falling in love.
Yes.
Yes, I loved it.
I like superhero movies.
Because they're cool, they're fun and I love the adventure.
Venom.
I thought it was pretty good.
I like the characters in it, I like the Venom. Yeah, it was a fun ride.
Chick flicks.
Because they're made for chicks, and I don't like their flicks.
Yes.
It was bad.
It was just some bad combination of like horribly CGI, the characters were not great.
Yes, I love Doctor Strange.
Oh, I really like historical and drama movies. Like anything that has to do with history.
Yes, Schindler's List.
It portrays a dramatic story that really happens and it really grips at your emotions and takes you through the the whole suffering of World War II and the Nazis.
I wasn't really a big fan of The Shawshank Redemption. Although it was really good, like it was well reviewed, I just it was too long, and just didn't enjoy it.
I don't think the actors worked well together. In my mind, they clashed. So, it wasn't It just wasn't fun to watch.
Yes.
Yes, it was great.
I like the characters, the story line. And how it builds up on Lord of the Rings and gives you more background and insight into the Hobbits and everything else. So, I thought it was a really great movie.
I enjoy dramas, all kinds, different kinds. You know, sometimes sappy, depends on the kind of mood am in or you know sometimes the heartfelt or serious dramas are fun, too. I also enjoy the occasional thriller movie. which is really just a drama with a lot of intensity to it.
Well, it's like a lot time just kind of just takes you out of your own head for a little while and maybe shows you the life of somebody else and how you know, the struggles they face sometimes and the you know, the different things they do. And just like you know, kind of the a lot of times they're human stories. And usually they're pretty believable you know, not fantasy or or science fiction or anything like that. It's, you know, stuff you can a lot of time the stuff you can relate to or things that you might wish should happen to you or things that even sometimes maybe have happened to you.
More like Forrest Gump, but it was kind of a comedy drama. That's probably a classic. That one get's well me every time I watch it. I don't know. I think I'm looking forward to that Lady Gaga movie that's coming out tomorrow. I'll probably go see it, A Star Is Born. I like the original one. That was good. I don't know if you consider it if it's a more musical, but it seems like it's got a lot of drama in it. So I'm kind of looking forward to that tomorrow, and unless I get
It just The whole music thing behind it, showbiz tale. I don't know. I'm kind of I like Bradley Cooper, and I'm kind of interested in seeing Lady Gaga cuz she was in cuz she was really good on American Horror Story. So it'll be interesting to see how she does in a more dramatic role. It just looks like a really good movie. So, I guess I'll be disappointed if it's not.
I'm not really big on documentaries. I guess occasionally maybe once in a while if It's a really good subject. But, you know, generally it's it's just about a bunch of stuff I don't care about or, you know, they are usually long and kind of often very boring. But I mean if it's something that I'm really passionate about then maybe.
Not really. Just you know, just sort of topics. Maybe I'm not a big fan of Michael Moore movies I think he's a little too preachy. Not any one in specific, but just his general style of filmmaking.
I started watching that, but I just couldn't get into it enough to finish it. I tried. I think only got maybe 30 minutes into it. It's generally the type of movie that I would like, but
I just I just couldn't get into the story. it I don't know and at the time I had a bunch of other movies to watch so I just didn't watch it and then kind of I went to something else. I can't remember what I did watch, but it was just moving so slow, I just couldn't couldn't get into it good enough, and then I just never went back and finished it. I think I might have seen 30 minutes of it. I might not even have been that long. It might have been more like 15. It was just kind of just a little too slow for me.
I really like teen movies.
[inaudible].
So I really love the cast. I know most of the cast from other projects, especially the lead guy and girl, and they were great in it. And I sort of like the message of the the lead girl in this, as well, and what they were trying to accomplish. They did it very well. And it was just enjoyable, a very cute romance, and sort of handled in a nice mature way despite it being a teen movie. It was really good.
Horror films So the really scary thrillers, I can do regular thrillers, just not scary thrillers. I stay away from a good deal of sci-fi.
I don't like to be scared a ton. It can cause me to have nightmares, which I'm totally uninterested in. And just in general, I just It's It's just not a good time for me.
I have not but that's one I would definitely see. I liked the first one.
Oh, I really liked Thor a lot.
Favorite part? I don't know. I mean, I certainly liked the action, sort of the I don't know, the superhero parts of the movie with Thor and his and his group of people from Asgard. That was a lot of fun. But I also liked the The romance between Thor and Jane was good, as well. I'm not sure which part is my favorite, though.
I like comedies a lot.
That's cuz they're entertaining and they make you feel better cuz they always make you laugh, they're just a good time.
Caddyshack is probably my favorite comedy.
Caddyshack I like everything about it. It has Chevy Chase, Rodney Dangerfield. It's just a really funny movie that I can watch whenever, and I'll always laugh at it.
Comedy movie or just any movie?
Dinosaur, the Disney movie, from like 15 years ago. I hated that movie.
It was just really boring. I wasn't interested in the story at all. The only movie I almost walked out of the theater on.
I've never seen it, but I like movies like The Incredibles. I like Pixar movies, so I probably would like that.
Not particularly. I don't hate them, but there's too many of them now that I don't really feel like getting caught up on them. I like them sometime.
I like The Dark Knight a lot, the one from 2008 I think.
It was just different at the time for a comic book movie cuz it took itself seriously and was more dark and serious than all the previous comic book movies from like the '80s and '90s.
I like musical theater movies. I like them mostly because they make me happy. They make me believe in myself, which I think is important.
A Star Is Born
I like the story of ups and downs of an artist. I love Lady Gaga. And then I love how artistically they took it there. It gave me great inspiration.
I don't like Fast and the Furious.
I don't think It's not based in reality, which I can't get over, and I don't like the storytelling in how mild it is.
No.
I don't I don't like Christmas. I also don't like fake stories that involve Christmas.
No.
I don't like the directing, and I don't like the the costume design that was on the movie. It wasn't believable.
Sure.
I like musicals.
They remind me to keep going on, to never believe in the impossible.
A Star Is Born
I connected with it on a real level that was authentic to my own story of life.
Hmm. I did not like Lincoln
I thought was boring. I wouldn't care to hear a story about the president.
Yes. I saw that. I loved it.
I like the realness of it, and it also connection to the United States government. But in a comedic or in a fantasy way.
I like thriller movies.
It keeps the viewers engaged from beginning to end, you never know what's going to happen and it just build up a lot of emotions.
I did like the movie Inception.
I liked how there were so many symbolism in the movie. And just from the beginning until the end, my attention was fully on to the story, just trying to figure out what was happening and what was going to happen. And the actors were great.
Also the music was really really good.
I'm not too fond of documentary films
I just feel like it's more of something to watch to learn instead of something to enjoy so maybe that's why I do not like watching documentaries.
Yes, that's correct.
I think more on conspiracy theories.
No, I haven't.
Yes.
I really like the movie.
The whole storyline and the characters, it was just it had a lot of range of emotions. Especially, a lot of funny scenes here and there and it was just very cute to watch.
horror movies
Wreck-It Ralph
It was cute and funny, and it had a happy ending.
Cam
The ending and the twist were really stupid. It wasn't very enjoyable.
I have.
It was really scary and it really kept me focus on watching the movie. I really enjoyed it.
Some of the things were a little far fetched but overall it was really good and really entertaining.
I really love action movies.
They just kind of really get my my heart pumping just really fun to watch lots of cool scenes.
I really love Transporter.
I really like the actor, and there's so many fun scenes, and the entire thing is just nonstop action.
I really don't like Need for Speed. Didn't really make sense to me.
Just the plot was pretty bad and action scenes were kind of too over the top.
I have.
Dunkirk was a masterpiece It wasn't complete action, but it made you really feel like you were inside of the war there with the soldiers.
I like science fiction and horror movies. I also like action movies.
With horror movies, I like the scary aspect of it. With science fiction movies, I like the setting. And for action movies, I like the fast pace of the movie.
One of my favorite movies is Inception.
I like the concept of the movie. I like that it had a lot of action and science fiction elements interwoven into it. I also like the acting from the starring roles of the actors.
I agree.
I don't like romantic movies or historical movies. I just find them boring and uninteresting.
I just find the plots of these movies to be uneventful and not interesting at all.
I recently saw the movie the Black Panther. It was okay, but I didn't like it overall. It was way overhyped. I just found the acting to be stilted and not good.
I found the special effects to be bad.
I found the story line to be just okay.
No, I have not.
I Am
Yes. I saw all the Jason Bourne movies.
I saw all the movies. I found them to be exciting and good to watch.
I like the explosive action and the use of practical effects. So, I enjoyed them a lot.
Yes. I saw I saw all the Mission: Impossible movies.
I found those movies to be exciting with a lot of action, explosions, chase scenes. I just love them.
Comedies are my favorite.
Dazed and Confused
The cast and the time period that it was set in, it was relatable to me.
I didn't really like Black Panther.
It was just I don't know too weird for me I guess.
I didn't really care for the new Spider-Man. I guess superhero movies don't really do much for me, but yeah, I didn't really like that, either.
Yes, it's just not believable at all.
Yes. I had to think about that for a second. Yes, and I actually loved all of those movies. They're funny, and they The crime aspect to it is intriguing to me, entertaining.
Definitely.
No, I'm not familiar with that one.
more than once And that's an understatement, probably. Yeah, I've seen it quite a few times.
Just the the action and especially in The Matrix, kind of the sci-fi behind the story was very cool.
Sure do. I like the fantasy science fiction Western mixture, the good guy versus bad guy with the light sabers instead of guns.
One of my favorites. Still every time I go see a movie, especially a science fiction or action movie, I always end up comparing it to the experience I had first time watching the original Matrix. The I love There's not anything bad about it that I've ever noticed or seen. It's Twist at the end, the action, the science fiction, it all works for me.
That's true, It changed a lot of for a long time how action scenes were shot especially with that slow motion 360 cam. Now we've kind of gone the opposite where it's like Jason Bourne movies where everything is so quick cut and you can't tell what's going on. I wish we could go back to the Matrix.
I think I only saw the first two Hunger Games and they were all right. I mean they they were no matrix or anything but I could see myself if it came on cable TV you know, as they say like a rainy Saturday afternoon or something. I could watch them again. But I don't own them and I don't look for to own them anytime soon.
I really like action movies. Like superhero movies.
They're just really fun, energetic. They make me feel like, you know, I can be an action star, too. See lots of cool stunts, and usually lots of unique and cool locations.
I really liked Transporter.
There's a lot of really cool stunts and a lot of awesome action scenes really like heart pounding excitement.
That action movie I didn't like. Hardcore Henry, I didn't like. I really didn't like the first person and it's just seem like a really tough violent for no reason.
I have. John Wick is awesome.
The story is really good. The characters are awesome, and there's a lot of cool themes in the movie.
I really racing movies.
I like cars in general and I just love the high octane, you know, high pressure situations that the movies are in and there's usually a lot of fun action scenes and, you know, car scenes, couple of explosions. It's just a lot of fun.
I really like The Fast and the Furious movies.
tons of interesting cars, lots of fun race scenes and just general local scenes
I really didn't like Need for Speed. It was kind of too plain and generic for me.
Oh, you know, I like all sorts of movies. I like action films and independent films and documentaries, but especially love films by Stanley Kubrick.
Some of the movies I grew up with, some of them because I didn't grow up with and I wanted to like them. And the ones from directors that I like, I just love the imagery and the tales that the directors tell. Yeah.
Full Metal Jacket
Well, in beginning it has an excellent boot camp scene, half of the movie is like boot camp and it's just intense. And then the second part of it is like that they mentioned it in the film just the duality of man kind of concepts of and also the whole silliness of war almost how stupid it is.
I haven't watched a movie I didn't like in a while. Okay, I didn't like the Jack Ryan movie.
It didn't feel like an actual Jack Ryan film. And I say the actual Jack Ryan films referring to the Hunt for Red October, the Patriot Games, and other films like that that came out in the '80s and '90s. Jack Ryan felt really It felt like it wanted to be a Bourne film and not which is just straight up action designed for people with short attention spans.
I don't know. Mission: Impossible, you know what you're going to get with it because you've got Tom Cruise in it, and he does know how to make a good action film. But it was really standard Hollywood fare. So it was okay. I kind of liked it.
Oh, that's a stupid film. I disliked it. Definitely not the kind of movie I I enjoy.
It's It's in the title. It's Dumb and Dumber. It was a dumb movie. They just That's the kind of movie I walk out on.
I like I like all different kinds of movies but sometimes I like to watch boxing movies.
Cuz it's they're usually like people about people overcoming adversity and and then building to like a successful triumph.
My favorite movie is probably The Hustler.
It's about It's about guys who gamble while playing pool. And I like to play pool and I think gambling is an interesting subject matter for movies.
movie that I did not like Yeah, I I was not a fan of The Incredibles 2.
I don't know. I think just didn't live up to everything I expected out of the first one. So, the first one I thought was really good and I thought this was going to be kind of like that, but it went in a little bit of a different direction.
The Equalizer I have not seen The Equalizer. What's that about?
I I think I've heard the name, but I don't know what it's about.
Gone Girl, yes, I saw Gone Girl.
I like movies with an art style, good architecture, good music, a unique story line.
Yes, I can. Grand Budapest Hotel, Inception
I liked the music, the atmosphere, the architecture, and the story line.
I like the music, the storyline, the dialogue, the art.
I remember the picture being a dim color, like an orange glow to the movie in general. And that was really pleasing.
The hotel itself, there's a lot of mountains in a unique area that the movie took place in.
I do not like horror movies.
I don't like being scared.
Yes, scared on edge worried about what's going to happen next.
images of people dying
Sure, any of the solo franchise horror movies. I didn't like watching those people die or need to make certain choices to save their life that would hurt them.
Yes.
I like interesting movies. They could be action or story-driven, science fiction, anything, except romantic movies.
They keep my interests and I feel like I can put myself in the movie by imagining it.
Guardians of the Galaxy because I really enjoyed it. And the story was compelling, and I liked the characters presented.
I recently actually went to see the new Lego Movie and I didn't really enjoy it, it was pretty boring.
It seems like they rehashed a storyline like they They didn't really come up with anything new. It was just the same old Whereas some sequels are a whole new story that's interesting, this just seemed like a cash grab, as they would say.
Yes.
No.
Yes, I love that movie.
One of my favorite kinds is action movies.
They're The action is a lot of fun. Even though it's it's not something that you want to see in real life. It's a ton of fun on screen. They tend to be like sort of like non-stop, start to finish or great escape. And, usually if the story is good in good action movie the story is descent so if somebody getting saved skewed or they are on some mission to help a country or whatever the case may be and it's usually something you can root for so it's a good time.
I also like Like similar to action movies, I also like superhero movies, which are a little bit different than action movies, but I do like those as well.
One of my favorite action movies is definitely Mr. & Mrs. Smith.
That's one that has excellent cast, really great acting, and it's one that pairs action and comedy really well. Some All the great things that you get of action movie, you know, the action, the whatever, the fighting, that those kinds of scenes that are very exciting, but also they do such a great job with the comedy. So, it's a really entertaining movie from start to finish. But It's not all highly charged. There's a There's a a lot of levity, a lot of laughter, throughout.
I don't really like sci-fi movies.
Sci-Fi movies are very popular. For me, Sci-Fi can be a little too high concept. And it's not always well thought out or well executed. There's a lot of times where I watch a Sci-Fi, and I'll think this doesn't make much sense. And so, it's hard to like something when it doesn't really sort of carry through on whatever claim it's making in the beginning. Sci-Fi really struggles with that. So, if they do it well
Like The Thirteenth Floor was not a good one. That's one where the concept Like till this day I still don't understand what they were trying to do. So It was interesting, it was a very good cast, it was a well acted movie, but the concept and what they were going for was so confusing. And it wasn't confusing the entire movie, but it was confusing probably midway through till the end so that when you're done with the movie, you're looking at the person next you thinking do you understand what just happened cuz I did I don't I didn't get it. And and that's one where I've talked to other people who saw and they're like I didn't get it either. So, it's just the confusion that comes with sci-fi. It ends up not being the best movie going experience because I guess it does great conversation, but it's not great to our conversation when we're all wondering what they were trying to go for, cuz they didn't pull it off very well.
It's good if you can talk about them afterwards, but it is just important to get it, so that it's sort of a satisfying movie-going experience, rather than a confusing one. You want to go to the movies, enjoy it, and be happy you went, instead of thinking, "I could've stayed home for all that.
I have not seen it, but I have heard of it. It's one that I would watch. I've watched Avengers movies before. Like I said, I do like superhero movies. But the Avengers movies are not my favorite. They have so many characters, and so much going on, that while it can be mostly entertaining, it's usually just a lot it's just a lot going on. And it's just It's okay. It's just not my first choice.
You're welcome.
Sure.
Yes. I have as long as I have the second movie in the series. Yes, I've seen it.
I like crime-drama movies.
I just like the stories. I like the action that comes from them. I like the I guess I like the criminal elements.
Godfather
Yeah, that's a good reason. It's a It's a classic movie. It's I mean, there's still many great things about it. It has great acting, there's great writing, good great directing.
a movie I don't like I don't like a lot of chick flicks. I don't like see I don't like the movie How about Freaky Friday
I just don't really care too much for the subject. I I I think that they're unnecessary movies. They're usually not not funny and they don't really have good stories.
I don't think so.
The first one, there's a lot of I like the whole pretty much almost all of the Star Wars movies that
Yeah, I'm a fan of Star Wars.
I think that they are not as good as the originals, but better than the one of them that was made in the early 2000's. The prequel, I guess. They are better than the prequels.
Oh, I really enjoy a good sports movie.
I like the the sports factor. Makes it feel relatable and more real to me. I guess I can put myself in the characters better.
Yeah. Have you ever watched Rocky? It's about a small-time boxer from Philadelphia, which is in the area that I live, that that goes to be world champion. Pretty much a rags-to-riches story.
It felt realistic. They used scenery that's familiar to me. It was also not too heavy on technicalities. Like it really had a good story, and the boxing was well put together. In the the movie, it felt real.
I don't particularly like romance movies. They bore me to death.
I just don't like the story lines in them, and they just don't hold my attention for a long time. They just They're just boring to me.
If I think of that sports movie, it was a really bad movie called Blades of Glory which was with Two ice skater are competing. It was supposed to be a comedy. It was really bad. It was with Will Ferrell, who is usually a good actor. But it just was stupid.
it It felt It felt more like comedy not a sports movie, and it wasn't really realistic. And watching two guys ride around the ice in tight spandex wasn't my idea of a good time.
Oh yeah, I've seen Die Hard. I think everybody's seen Die Hard. It's a Christmas tradition almost and yeah, I've seen it.
psychological thrillers
Jaws
the characters
Indiana Jones and the Crystal skull, I forget the full name of it. Kingdom of the Crystal Skull
In the beginning there's a spot where Indiana Jones gets on a nuclear test site and a nuclear bomb is set off and he goes into a refrigerator to protect himself. There's a lot of ridiculous things in Indiana Jones movies, but that just seemed really ridiculous to me.
No.
No, I haven't seen it.
I don't think I've heard of that movie.
I don't like horror movies, and I don't like drama movies.
I find they're often too predictable and too cliche. Usually, the plots are really similar which is that there is something scary, nobody knows about it, but it's killing people or terrorizing people or something. And then they figure it and they usually they end up beating it or locking it away or whatever it is that ends up happening to it.
It's a toss-up between comedy and war movies.
Deadpool
I just didn't really find it all that funny. It felt a bit overrated to me. People made a much bigger deal about it than than I thought it was worth. I also don't really get into the whole comic book thing, anyways.
No, I have not.
No, I haven't.
Yes, I did not like that movie.
I didn't like it. I didn't really find anything about it entertaining. It just I don't know. It kind of bored me, honestly.
I like science fiction movies.
I don't know, because they're very imaginative and
explore different parts of the mind, and conscience, and reality that we really haven't never experienced before, and they're very entertaining. My favorite movie would be Friday the 13th.
character creation The main character of the movie, Jason Bohis, is a I don't know. He is a very recent character and he kills a lot of people in the movie and, I enjoyed it so much. I bet I'd watch that movie 150 times. I mean I really loved that movie, and I loved everything about it. I liked the part with the girls, at the camp, he is always trying to get them and the counselors It's goes on and on.
Well, a movie I don't like? I don't like Star Trek. I really don't like Star Trek. It's one of the worst movies ever made.
The characters, they did not know how to act. They were cheap actors than what we were paid.
Yes, Wonder Woman was very good. I love Wonder Woman, its one of the top movies last year.
Yes, I love superhero movies. I sure do.
I don't know, all the amazing powers that all the superheroes have and how they can always stop the villains by the end of the movie. And the villains are very good, too.
Thrillers, action, political thrillers, action movies like Die Hard or The Matrix, Sci-Fi movies, things like that.
Well, let's go with The Matrix.
I liked the It has a lot of the things I like in it. Action, has a pretty heavy sci-fi bent to it. There's just a little bit of religious subtext. But mostly it's the action and the storytelling I thought were very good.
Recently or any time?
Let's go with I think it's called Spartan. And it's my least favorite movie of seeing. It's by David Mamet who I had normally kind of like, but he the movie is just preposterous and badly written and it made me laugh. When I watched genre, it's meant it's not a comedy. It's the only movie I've ever done that.
Well Yeah.
I didn't see it. I probably would be fine with it. I don't know how how much I would like it, but the trailer look okay.
Haven't seen it. I like the songs that are in it, only some of them that I've listened to.
I liked it. I don't think I didn't like it as much as everybody else, apparently. But I thought it was right up there with the rest of the Marvel movies.
About Black Panther? Probably just what everybody else would like the action. It's character it's I will give it credit in that it is a different because of centered around a black superhero, and it took place in Africa, the cultures there and everything that It did feel different in that way.
And I like seeing that on the screen, but And the action of the movie was very very good, as well. Except for the last fight. I thought the CGI was not very good. But the rest of the stuff I liked. And I like the characters that they introduced, especially the sister. I thought she was pretty funny and charming.
Insurgent I don't think I've seen that cuz I'm not sure what it is or I'm not familiar with it.
One or two? I've seen either one, or both of them.
I liked 1 I think a little bit more than 2. I'm not sure if I like three just coz it seems their humor seems to I think it gets old pretty quickly, but it is very much different. And I I like the Naked Guns movies and the to an extend the Scary Movies. I like to think 1 and 2 Scary Movies though I like a little parody of either movies or a genre of movies, and I think Deadpool does a really good job of lampooning super hero movies while also still telling a super hero movie which is very hard thing to do to get that those tunes correct. And I think it does pretty well so But I'm not sure if that kind of immature humor if I'll like it throw that in that
I like action and science fiction movies and, oh, some drama.
One of my favorite movies ever is Blade Runner.
Yes. The new one's good, too, but the original was really good.
Well, I'm not really fond of romance and A lot of comedies don't really Do anything for me.
No, some of them are, but generally speaking, I avoid them because I don't find them very funny or entertaining
Yes, I have. I liked that one, too. I liked all the Die Hard movies.
Well, they are suspenseful. There's actually some humor in the, too. Well, it's often kind of dark human but it's exciting. I keep my attention.
Yes, I really like The Matrix all three of them were great.
Well, it's futuristic, sci-fi, and there's a lot of action, and it was thought-provoking, as well.
I enjoy Marvel movies. I like action movies. I also like romance movies, as well.
The Avengers
I liked the large cast of known actors, I liked the action in it and I liked the story line.
I didn't like the movie. It's Isn't It Romantic, I believe it's called.
The plot of the movie was kind of dumb. It didn't highlight key features, and it was really boring.
Yes, I have.
Yes, I loved it.
I really like slapstick comedies and I don't know. I just always since I've been a little kid, thought that silly movies like that have been really funny.
Happy Gilmore
Even though I'm not a huge Adam Sandler fan he's pretty good in it and I like golf so it's got a lot going for it.
The Shape of Water
It was just too far out there. Even though I like sci-fi, it was just too much of a stretch, and not really big on like romance movies, so it's Yeah.
Yeah, Ant Man is good.
I think that superhero movies are cool because it kind of lets you live in that fantasy world, and the Ant-Man universe is really cool with the him being small.
It's dark. It has really good action. The pace of the story's really cool.
I haven't seen that one yet.
I've heard of that one, yeah. There's so many Marvel Marvel movies, I get kind of lost in them. But yes, I have heard of that.
Yeah, I'd watch it.
It's okay if you're talking about the Tom Cruise. It Yeah, I'm not really a big fan of Tom Cruise, though.
Mostly the the cast and I'm not really big on remakes. I know that was a TV show I guess, but yeah. Well, I really can't think of anything The title is kind of dumb. I don't know, if it's impossible, why would they even try the mission.
It's okay. I mean, all those kind of spy type movies are believable, and it's not really my thing anyway. I do like action, but those are usually so unbelievable that I can't really get into them.
I like comedies. I like comedies because they let me escape the reality. They make me believe more in a dream that I need.
I like Bridesmaids.
how like fun it is. It like gave the brothers Like a interesting tale together as well as I like the chemistry between them.
I don't enjoy Lincoln.
I didn't I didn't like how it was kind of like random and I didn't believe anything that was going on in the movie.
Yes.
Yes, I have.
Yeah, I loved it.
I like the inclusiveness of the differences and I just like how it made me feel connected in spiritual.
Comedies, I like to laugh.
Liar, Liar
I agree.
I like Jim Carrey in the movie. He's funny. Also, it has a good message of lying is bad.
I can't think of anything.
[inaudible]
It was too gory. I couldn't get into the movie. Made me feel sick.
Yes, although it's been a while since I've seen it.
The characters and the space setting
I've never seen it.
I have heard of it.
Probably not.
I've never heard of it.
It has been a long time since I've seen it, but I remember liking it.
I liked the animation and the characters.
Yes.
It has been a while since I've seen it. But but I liked Jack Nicholson and other characters in the movie.
I generally like action and drama movies.
Well, I like something that's very entertaining and exciting for the most part and I also like stories that are very immersive, so that's where the drama part comes in.
I feel like the characters was very relatable. The story was interesting. CGI was impressive. It was just all around a great movie.
I'm not a big fan of comedy.
I feel like comedy movies are very hit or miss. Sometimes humor just doesn't work for me. And I often find myself not really laughing during the movie, so that's why I dislike the genre.
I remember seeing Epic Movie a long time ago and it was just awful. I have no idea why I saw it, I saw it with some friends, and that really just put me off in terms of comedies.
Yes, I have.
One of my favorite movies is The Avengers.
I like Sci-Fi action films with heroes that I grew up with as a child.
I like seeing the huge battle scenes and the CGI effects.
I dislike the movie Forrest Gump.
It's too long and slow for my taste.
I just felt like the characters were boring, and for watching them for 2 hours on a screen felt like a waste.
No, I haven't.
No.
Yes, but I don't remember it too much.
Yes, I thought it was pretty good. The actors were pretty good in it.
And I thought it was suspenseful and had some twist.
No, not yet, but I look forward to watching it.
No, I haven't.
Nope.
Yes.
I loved it.
I enjoy watching Mafia mob films.
The characters were portrayed realistically.
You're welcome.
My favorite are science fiction or action.
This. Usually, it's in space or it has to do with the future or a different world in a scientific setting. Well, not scientific setting, but with some kind of science-based reality.
Sure. I like in Science Fiction it's Its off It's based off science, but not As far as we know, that not real.
One of favorite movie Well, one of my favorite movies anyway is the original Star Wars.
Well, created a world completely different universe that's similar to ours, but not and have a bunch of You know robots, and lasers, and spaceships and stuff like that but in the end it was actually universe much like our own.
I don't like comedies very much because I generally find their sense of humor and mine usually don't align. Romantic comedies are a complete waste of film to me. I just don't find them particularly appealing or funny. They are just slapstick comedy that I just I guess I get it. I just don't think it's that funny.
Sure. Movie I didn't like was Actually, let me think of one I I guess give me a second here. I would say a movie I didn't like was Oh, Panic Room. I didn't really like Panic Room.
It took a 30 minutes story and turned it into like 2 hours. It wasn't It's pretty predictable. I like Jodie Foster, thought she did a good job. Over all, I found the plot to be completely unrealistic and Forest Whitaker was okay, too. But I don't know, there is something about the whole movie just rubbed me the wrong way.
Maybe, I don't know. Like yeah, authentic to itself not doesn't have like I like a lot of science fiction is not authentic but, yes, authentic to itself, sure.
Yes.
Oh, Matrix. Yes, I really did. I liked the Matrix a lot. Especially the first one, the first one was really good.
I like action, and comedy movies, and drama movies the most.
With comedies, I like to laugh and enjoy it with other people, and then dramas, if if it's a good story line and it's suspenseful, that's what I like about it. And if if there's good actors and actresses in the movie.
No, I have not.
No, I have not.
Yes. I saw the first one.
Yeah. I liked it. It was pretty good.
It had some comedy in it, and it had a pretty good story line, pretty good action scenes, and it was a pretty good movie, and good acting.
I don't like I don't like horror movies.
Coz I don't like being scared and feeling bad.
Back in high school when we watched the ring.
It was weird, dark, and freaky when the girl walked out of a TV.
I like comedies.
Because they make Because they are fun they are fun to watch and that makes me laugh.
Ghostbusters
The acting was very good, and it was just a very funny movie. There was a lot of physical comedy, which I really like.
I love Bridesmaids. It's a very funny movie.
I don't like scary movies.
No, they're a little bit That's too much action for me. I'm looking for something a little bit lighter entertainment.
Hi. I like really really hysterical comedies.
Well, mainly cuz they make me laugh, and I appreciate witty script writing.
Yes, I like Zoolander.
I like how it's a spoof on the fashion industry, and I think that the lead actors in it are hysterical.
I didn't like the Saw movies.
They were super scary.
They gave me bad dreams.
I haven't seen that one, oh wait. No, I Yeah, I have, yeah, and I liked it.
I like Christ Pratt and I like dinosaur movies.
I like the dinosaurs, and I thought it was funny too, and there is a lot of excitement.
I haven't seen Thor.
That was a good one.
The plot was very original, and the I like the way the story kind of referred back to like older films like from the '70s and stuff like that.
I like thrillers, sci-fi, and some comedies.
I kind of like it because it you know takes you to a different place. I wish some of the worlds were actually like that.
One of my favorite movies would be Star Wars.
First, I was skeptical. I didn't really like the first new one. But since then, I think that they're pretty awesome. I really like the Han Solo.
I like most movies. I'm not really Rom-coms are my least favorite.
I don't know. They're kind of boring. I like some of them, but unless I'm with a girlfriend, I don't really like them.
Yes, I have seen that movie.
I enjoyed it. I like magic. Magic's cool. The lead character was kind of cool. I was a fan of the ending.
I only saw the first one.
I have not.
I've seen John Wick. Yes.
What did you like about this kind of movie? That it had a lot of action in it and Keanu Reeves is pretty pretty awesome in it.
I like animated movies.
Because it brings out the kid inside of me.
Toy Story 3
I like this movie because it was a continuation of of where the first and second movie left left off. It's about a story of It's about a story about a a boy who deserts his toys. He doesn't want to play with his toys anymore. And And all of his toys go back goes back to a go back to a place where it isn't too pleasant, like a day care center. So overcoming the obstacles and reuniting with and the toys reuniting with the with with its family.
I did not like 101 Dalmatians the the movie.
because I don't really like the characters in it. I didn't really like the topics talking about dogs, and It was about dogs and something like that and I'm not really a dog person.
Ice Age, no. I haven't seen that movie.
No, I haven't. I've heard of it. Yeah, I've heard of Ice Age before, but I've never seen it.
Yes, I have seen that movie. I love I like his superpowers and how he's trying to conquer evil, and
I like action, thrillers, mystery Some horror, maybe.
I don't know. They get the adrenaline pumping and it kind of has a puzzle to it you try to figure out, so those are two things I enjoy, I guess. And I like story, so they usually have pretty good stories.
Yeah. It I won't say it's one of my favorite movies, but it's I enjoy watching it, and I didn't hate it or anything. And I like that it was it kind of was a different thriller or at least took the tropes of the thriller genre and flipped it a little bit and you weren't really sure what you are watching sometimes.
Well, in the same category, I would say Seven, which, I think, has the best ending of or one of the best endings of any movie and is one of the better paced movies. It's I anytime it's on it just propels you to finish watching it and also, the story is very engaging, I think. And it has a little bit of horror aspect to it.
Maybe Well sticking within that kind of horror thriller thing is movies like torture movies, like Hostel or I can't think of Maybe cabin in the No, not Cabin in the Woods. Cabin Fever, is that one? Something like that, where But Hostel, where people are getting like their bodies mutilated and stuff. I don't like that stuff
Hi. I really like the comedies and documentaries.
I find both of them entertaining in different ways. I think I really like things that make me laugh. I want to be in a good mood most of the time, and documentaries can be sad, but they're very informative, and I learn a lot about how other people live, so that's why I like those.
The one I This one that I really liked was Going Clear, about Scientology. I also really liked Thirteen.
I liked that I learned a lot about systems in the US and how they can oppress people, and the effects that they have on families and Really both of them were about people who felt imprisoned in multiple ways, and you could see like how that affects them, and how they It's hard for them to relate to other people.
Actually, honestly both of them. But probably the closest one was 13th, since that is about prison the prison system in the US.
Oh man, I think the movie I hated the most was The Man Who Fell to Earth. That's the one that stars David Bowie, and it's from the '70s.
Number one was way too long and number two the sex scenes were really worrying.
I've actually never seen it.
I haven't seen that one either actually, although I think I probably would like it cuz I tend to like movies about Iced about people who get together to steal things.
That I did. I I saw that and I Yeah. I really liked it. I thought it had a lot of action in it, and I think Jennifer Lawrence did a good job as the heroine.
Hunger Games? I liked it because I liked the I think I think they did a good job of like setting up the world that it was set in. It was very It felt realistic. It felt natural. Like I felt the choices people made were natural given the circumstances. The costuming was really great. And I thought the acting was really good. I you know You wouldn't think so with that kind of movie, like it's very It's action-oriented, so they're going to emphasize that more, but I thought the acting was compelling. I think Jennifer
I like romantic comedies a lot.
I really love comedies, so I like the aspect that it's you know, funny, lighthearted, but I also love romances, so the combination is great. You basically get a happy ending in all of the movies, and it's usually just a feel good movie. It's a good time, and it's a nice escape.
Sure, like The Holiday is one of my absolute favorites.
The cast of the movie is fantastic, like couldn't have been better, and it's Jude Law and Cameron Diaz and it just It's It's It's so good. And the The The script The storyline of the whole movie is so well done. It's so well written, but it's also It's much more original than we usually get in a romantic comedy. It has two love stories in it, not one. It has some unexpected heartwarming aspects to it involving other characters, as well. It's just a delight.
A romantic comedy that I dislike? Thou Be True, it's terrible.
It was So part of the problem was how it was billed. It was billed as a romantic comedy. That's how they advertised it, that's how they showed it, and that's how they acted like it was going to be when they started the movie. But it was really more of a gross out comedy, which was kind of popular at the time, I guess. And So you went in expecting a romantic comedy, and you What was really happening was sort of like taking comedy to the extreme in a very funny and sort of gross out juvenile manner. It was a mess. The second thing I really hate about it really the lead actor. Gerard Butler is sorely miscast. He just is not good for romantic comedies at all. He doesn't pull off any aspect of what you want out of a romantic He's not like good at lighthearted. He's not funny. And I guess he's good looking, but it doesn't really It's not like that in a handsome way I guess.
Sure. Just in general, the movie itself is poorly written. It's like it was I guess, I think probably trying too hard to be too many things, it certainly wasn't a romantic comedy and it was written in a way that one, I didn't laugh once, and two, the comedy they were going for was a wrong kind of comedy for romantic comedy.
Oh, I haven't seen that yet, but that's That's got to be a good one.
I mean it's an excellent film, it's not something that I would re-watch again but it's an important film and really well done.
It is a really good ensemble cast. Sometimes it's hard to do an ensemble movie because there could be weak links throughout the cast, but this is one that is all around solid and the screenplay is exceptional. It is really well written, really well done and really captures the the true story that it was writing about and the And it pulls off what they were trying to accomplish in terms of capturing the importance of a story that they needed to tell.
I haven't see it, but I But that kind of movie is okay. I have seen the original Jurassic Park and Jurassic Park 2. And i do like the general feel of them, but those can tend to be a bit scary too, so I'm not sure if Jurassic World would be good for me, but I would see it.
I like action movies, and it's basically an action movie, so it has that sort of aspect of being exciting and kind of edge of your seat and you know, keeping you going from start to finish, so that's good. And then I do like the cast that they have in Jurassic World. I think they sort of I think they nailed it for sort of that sort of summer block so that's always great, and all of the Jurassic Park movies have fantastic visual effects, so it's a big budget movie. But it's big budget for a reason, they really get the feel of the dinosaurs and everything is so much more realistic than you'd think. And it really helps to carry off what they're going for in a movie.
I like action movies a lot. And I do like comedies. Fancy stuff is pretty good sometimes, and I like documentaries, but it depends on the subject.
the characters who Actors that play the characters. The plot of the movie, what the movie's about. If I'd know If the reviews are good, I'll probably check it out. If it's something I've been wanting to watch since forever, I'll check it out. If it's a continuation of a trilogy, I'll watch it or if it's a continuation of a series, I'll watch the movie like the Fast and the Furious
I usually avoid movies that are badly reviewed that I or that I know that are aren't my style like what I like to watch For example, I don't like watching horror movies with thrillers. I said that the reviews. Probably movies that I know that are not get entertaining me entertain me for the 1 or 2 and 1/2-hour mark.
I usually avoid something that doesn't entertain me because I don't want to be bored or fall asleep in movies. Because if I wanted to fall asleep in movies, I don't want to pay $20 in movie theater or five bucks just to rent a movie and then just fall asleep. If it's like thriller or horror movie, I don't want like to be scared cuz I can get scared easily and get nightmares. real bad dreams
One I've seen recently. I watched Fast 6 which was the sixth movie in the Fast & Furious the storm series. I liked it a lot when I when I watched the first time. And then like years later after I watched it the first time. I watched it recently, it was still pretty good. I still enjoy the movie the movie a lot.
movie that I seen recently that I disliked Last movie I see that I was dissapointed in was I can't remember. It was Justice League. That's the last movie I've seen that I was disappointed in.
because The CGI was bad. It's It was disappointing cuz CGI was bad. I didn't like the plot or the villain they used at the end. I wish they could have done something smaller then went up And the cut that was in the theaters wasn't from the original director cuz he stepped out like near before re-shoots. And So, they had some other director, and they used both directors cuts which was weird.
I've heard of Aquaman. I didn't see it, but I want to because I'm a big Jason Momoa fan, and I heard it was pretty good, better than anyone expected. And the director James Wan did a pretty great job with the way the movie looks. But, I do plan on seeing it some time soon. Probably when when I'm able to rent it or buy it on Blu-ray.
I love Deadpool 2. It's really funny. I lke how the character breaks the fourth wall and it's sort of comic book accurate. So, It was pretty interesting to watch. I didn't say it was better than the first one but it was still fun to see and I had a great time watching it.
I really like romance, and comedies, and some dramas as well.
I like that they're really cute and I like that they always I like to see like keep me on the edge of my seat wanting to know who is going to end up with who, and who's going to get married to who or, you know, stuff like that.
I really like How to Lose a Guy In 10 Days and I like let's see How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days, and She's All That, and Never Been Kissed.
I liked the actors the most, I loved Drew Barrymore and Freddy Prinze Jr. I am a '90s and early 2000s kid at heart and so I still love watching them they're just funny and sort of wholesome and just something that can you know you can watch over and over again.
I don't like horror movies. I don't like scary movies or action super hero movies.
I just really don't like being scared. I don't like things creeping up on me, and scaring me. I don't like blood and guts, and I just really don't like fighting. The Ring, and any of The Avengers movie.
I don't like The Avengers. I don't like all the fighting and violence that's in it.
No, but we are going to watch it this weekend, and I am so excited.
I love the actress that's on Fresh Off the Boat, the one that play Jessica who's in this movie. I don't know what her character's name in the movie is, but I think she's just so adorable.
I typically like the the sort of sci-fi sort of movies. Like for instance, Star Wars or any any type of like action movies or like some really like aesthetically pleasing movies. For instance, Interstellar was a really good movie. Inception I also thought was a really good movie. Movies with really good music scores are also really good on a are a really good
I really One of the things I liked about it was like the whole like music thing about it, and then like the whole story behind it, as well. Like the way if you dream, then you It like There's more layers to your dreams, and then inside the dream, it'll be like like 100 years inside of a dream, but it's like a second in real life.
I thought the ending was pretty cool. It was also like a really big like cliffhanger that I was very surprised with. I was not expecting the whole the top to not fall over, so It is pretty cool.
I don't really think there are many movies that I wasn't too fond of, to be honest. I feel like most movies I thoroughly enjoy, and there aren't really any that I just that I don't really that I'm not fond of.
Yes, I have. I've also watched that movie before.
I really like the action and all that like the like I really like Like the action in that movie was pretty great. And like they were some parts of it that I don't like typically because I don't really watch R-rated movies but other than like those small parts like they were some like Some of the parts were really gory and I was and I wasn't I wasn't worry about them a lot of blood and am like But, I really enjoyed like the I really enjoyed like besides the blood the the whole action thing and everything about it and then the way it portrayed like the South back in the day.
I like movies that are more like art house films. One of my favorite movies is The Fall. I also like horror movies and just weird movies in general.
I like them because usually there's a lot of symbolism and there's a lot of thought that goes into every scene usually things are there for a reason and put there for purpose unlike your typical action film that doesn't really have that.
The Fall.
Because I love the cinematography. It's beautifully filmed. It was filmed, I think in over 20 countries. It was filmed by a director called Tarsem Singh, if I say his name right. And I believe he financed most of it. It was sort of his pet project, and I like the story. But it's just beautifully A particular movie, I can't think off the top of my head, but in general I'm not a huge fan of comedies. Well, actually I can think of one. I don't really care for like Superbad or movies like that.
I just think they're stupid, they're not that interesting to me, and they bore me. It's not my kind of comedy.
I did see that movie.
The Martian was a little slow, I will have to say. It wasn't terrible or anything. I like sci-fi movies, but it was just slow. It got a little boring in parts. If I was going to pick a sci-fi movie that came out around that same time period, I would've picked Interstellar. I think it had a better story and more meaning. And just was more interesting Although, I believe the motion was more to the book and not necessarily I wouldn't say to the book, but to how it would surely be to be stuck up on more by yourself eventually.
I like comedy movies I like biopics. I enjoy watching action movies with adventure. Drama movies are something new I'm getting into, also. Not so keen in liking horror movies or thrillers, though.
I enjoyed it because action movies, they have a lot of explosions and things going on at once. Comedy because I do like to laugh sometimes, even though the jokes are bad. But not as real real bad. Biopics, I like to see the life made of whoever they're making the movie about. Documentaries are good because you get to know how stuff happened during that time and what was going on with the people
Recently or in general?
I enjoyed watching Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse.
Venom
What I disliked about Venom was they made it a PG-13 movie when it should've been rated R. Because Venom is like the antihero. And he's he should be one that doesn't care about anything. Like he he likes to kill, and he likes to do other things. But they toned that down a lot from what everybody was expecting it to be when they first dropped the teaser trailer.
I like thrillers.
cause I like to watch movies where they're not always predictable.
That was a great movie.
Pulp Fiction
Cuz it was funny and it was good, and it had some really interesting characters.
No, I think his acting is terrible.
Musicals mostly I guess.
Yeah, for the most part, it just doesn't seem too believable.
Yeah, I thought Thor was a great movie.
I like the movies that are based of for the comic books. I like them because they portray a lot of good. Somebody being a hero and it's fun to see the comic books come to life. Aquaman, as one that is coming out soon. I also like Jason Momoa.
Yes. I like Spider-Man. That is good movie.
I like this movie because it has really good graphics, the actors did a really good job portraying the different characters that were originally shown in the comic books. It is It's fantasy, but it's still fun. Somebody gets to be the hero. The underdog gets to be the winner. And he saves the damsel in distress.
Brokeback Mountain
I dislike the actors, and I dislike the story line.
Yes. Captain America is a good movie.
I like the Captain America. I used to watch him when I was a kid, cartoons growing up, so I like Captain America. And I also like the story line and I like the fantasy. The fantasy fiction, the superhero Here, he saves the day.
I have never heard of Red Sparrow, I don't know what that movie is.
No, I don't like the movie. I don't like Halloween.
I do not like horror movies, and I do not like the blood and guts.
Yes, I like Jurassic World.
I generally enjoy documentaries.
I like learning about new things, and I like being able to visually get that Like I like having movies, videos, whatever of the subject that I'm interested in learning about playing, because it allows me to either just sit back and relax and take in the information or do something else while I"m learning, such as working or whatever.
The Pirate Bay AFK, that was a good movie.
I'm big into I'm big into computer culture, and I've certainly done my fair share of pirating back in the day. So, I was pretty well acquainted with The Pirate Bay. But like even though I knew what it was, and how to use it, etc, I was interested in learning about like how it came to be, what happened to it
I don't really like chick flicks.
Well, I'm not a chick, so therefore they don't really appeal to me. Like usually a superficial plotline with some dramatic something or other going on, it's just not my not my cup of tea.
No, not really.
Something interesting. I definitely prefer more documentary style films, and I don't really ever see or hear of any new ones coming out. And I mean that aside, there's just not really much that piques my interest in movies anymore. When I want to watch a documentary, I'll look up something you know like on the subject that I want to watch it on. But that's Yeah. That's probably the extent of it.
Technology and video games, especially video games.
No, I haven't, actually.
What's it about?
Yes Mostly I like action science fiction movies that make you think.
Like the Terminator 2 was a really good science fiction and action movie based on a possible future where robots take over. It really makes you think, actually even recently, about artificial intelligence, and how they you can replace humans.
I usually like Bruce Willis as an action star and he made a recent movie called Precious Cargo which was just bad and not well directed in the acting was just very unbelievable and I really hated it.
Yes.
Yes.
I enjoy superhero movies.
No, I haven't.
Yes, I have.
Oh, I thought that Heath Ledger was excellent in that film and I enjoyed the direction, and I liked that it was a darker film.
I didn't really care for Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2.
I just didn't think it was as good as the first one, and I was a little bit tired of those characters at that point.
I'm familiar with that title, but I haven't seen the film.
Yes, I have seen Inception.
I wouldn't say that I liked it. I found it to be quite confusing and convoluted.
I like action movies, thrillers, and comedies.
Die Hard
It has great action. Bruce Willis is incredible, and the other actors are good, as well.
I really like Reginald VelJohnson.
Pirates of the Caribbean
The movie is corny. I don't like Johnny Depp and I don't like fantasy movies.
No.
Sure.
I haven't seen it.
I haven't seen it and I don't really want to.
Doesn't look interesting.
the most recent one
I have not seen it, but I want to.
I've seen also the other Mission: Impossible movies. They are good action movies and Tom Cruise is always entertaining.
I like comedies a lot.
There is entertaining and funny, they make you feel good if you're having a bad day and it's generally entertaining.
Caddyshack's probably my favorite comedy.
It's just one of the funniest movies I've ever seen, I always liked Billy Murray film and Chevy Chase, and they are both in it, so it's just a good movie.
Not a big fan of romantic comedies.
They just all seem very similar.
Not a romantic comedy, but I don't like The Adventures of Pluto Nash at all.
It was meant to be a comedy but it wasn't funny at all. Saw it when I was 8 or something, and I didn't laugh once.
Yes, I have.
Like I said, I like Chevy Chase, so that was good. I always like Chevy Chase in movies, and it's just a hilarious movie. And it's a Christmas movie, too. That's a good time of year, like at Christmastime, so it makes sense to watch it.
I like romance movies and comedy movies.
With romance, I really enjoy the love stories, and with comedies, I like that you can sit there enjoy yourself, or pull yourself out of a bad mood by watching something that's funny.
I really like The Martian.
I liked that the main character persevered through all the issues and found a way to make it back to Earth when he was stuck on a different planet. And he really had to work to come up with ways to stay alive in order to make it back home. And there was times where many people would have given up, but he never did.
I don't like horror movies.
I don't like to be scared. I don't like seeing scenes from movies that are scary because then when it's dark in my house or something, I picture that scene happening or something. So, I just don't like to be scared because it doesn't just end when I'm done with the movie. It keeps on going, and I keep on staying scared for years after I watch the movie.
Child's Play
Yes.
I like all kinds of movies, to be honest. My favorites are dramas. I like a lot of international films. And anything really that I feel like I can learn something from.
I think it's probably the idea of you are you are getting a view into a different kind of life that you haven't experienced for yourself, different situations, different problems that people end up in, and also there's different cultures and religions. Things like that.
I can't really think of one. I've seen a few this year that were really really affecting on me. One of them was the movie Lion, was about a a boy who who got lost separated from his brother in India and then ended up on a train then end up in orphanage and then was adopted in Australia. Was a really good movie.
I'm not a big fan of comedies. Like I find humor in in things that weren't meant to be, so I'm just not a fan of structured comedy.
I was not a fan of The Last Jedi. I definitely hated it.
I feel I feel like they they took a an established
No, I have not.
Yes.
I think I enjoyed just the way the struggles are presented through each character against like the the endless time that they spend in prison.
I like funny movies cuz they're funny.
I like Shrek.
I like it because it has this green monster that talks with this donkey, and it's funny.
I don't like Pirate of the Caribbean.
This movie is very boring and it's it seems very childish.
I like I like all Star Wars movies.
Because it has battles in space and space ships and that's why it's fun to watch. He also has lasers. In the Dark Place That's why it's It's a good movie to watch, cuz I like spaceships.
What's What's this movie about?
Haven't watched it.
I haven't watched it so I don't know about it like you know.
I have not heard of this movie.
Mission: Impossible, that seem seems like a good movie.
Yes, I will go see it.
I have not seen that movie.
I have not.
Tell me what it's about.
Yes.
Like this movie cause it has a lot of action in it. Shows The Terminator and robots taking over the world that's always something good to watch.
I like science fiction movies as they tend to be very creative and interesting to watch.
Yes, I really enjoyed Interstellar.
I thought the special effects were fantastic. Had a very involving story, good cast of characters. Just all around an excellent movie.
Yeah, I'm not a big fun of 2001 Space Odyssey.
I feel it's a very slow movie overall, and it's just very difficult to get in to.
Yes, I have.
Yes, I have.
I thought the movie was fantastic, excellent special effects, great acting. Overall, just a must-watch movie.
I like the fact that when above and beyond in terms of special effects really pushed the the narrative pretty hard and I thought that the the actors did an excellent job.
I like science fiction.
I've always been interested in astronomy, and the planets, and the solar system, and the galaxy that we live in, and the universe in general.
I definitely liked all the Star Trek movies.
I think the beginning of the Star Trek series with Captain Kirk and Mr. Spock was really a replay of the old Greek and Roman philosophies and the thoughts that they had back then translating to how things are the same today.
I think the ones about the whales was a little over the top.
It seems a little incredulous that you could fit all that water and the whales and beam them through space.
Yes. I believe I saw the movie, Chappie, maybe 2-3 years ago.
I think it's The Unknown is always interesting. It lets you think and fantasize about what might be or what could happen.
I like Disneyland movies.
Yes, I like I like the This movie is called The The Lion King.
I like this movie because it's a interesting movie to watch. It got a lot of action in it, and this indicate a small lion growing into a a better lion. and defeating his uncle in the process.
I don't like I don't like Venom from this year.
I don't like this movie because it's kind of disturbing to watch. This man gets taken over by this parasite, and the parasite's controlling everything that he does.
Yes, I like this movie.
I like this movie because its its very scary to watch. And it shows this little girl who is lost in this weird world without her parents and how she survive survives through all of that.
I have not watched it.
The Lord of the Rings, yes, it's a pretty good movie.
I like this movie cuz it's a lot of magic in it. There's a lot of fighting in it, a lot of battle, lot of blood, and I just like magic movies, so it's always fun to watch.
Generally smarter movies. I do enjoy comedies, but not too well wow.
They tend to be offensive and just less intelligent.
I like Caddyshack. Big fan of anything Chevy Chase.
I like the sometimes subtle humor of Chevy Chase. It's not childish. I like that it's a little smart.
Yes.
No.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes. Kind of.
The action, I love the action.
Movies like horror movies scary movies I hate them. I don't like them.
Which movie?
Yes, I don't love scary movies. I hate them.
Mummies, I don't like mummies. I don't like It's scary. Talking people getting up from the grave. insects from their mouth I don't like it. Another example of scary movies is The Walking Dead, dead people moving around is scary. Don't you think it's scary?
Yeah, so I don't like those kind of movie. I love interesting movies and action thriller movies.
Wow, I loved Black Panther. Watched it, it's so wonderful. I loved the storyline. I loved I love it so much. I love Black Panther.
Mostly, I enjoy action movies and science fiction movies.
I tend to avoid any type of romance movies or movies with a big boring story.
They just don't interest me, I feel like they're boring and they're not fun to watch. They just don't speak to me.
Oh, boy. I really like the Back to the Future series, I think that's a great series with a good plot, science fiction, has a great story I have re-watched it many times and I still I can watch it 10 more times and not be bored.
Is a good balance between action story and an interesting plot and it and it just speaks to me.
Dumb and Dumber, I think it was The movie name was appropriate. Like everybody said it was really funny and, but I didn't really enjoy it.
It didn't make me laugh. It felt like it was forced comedy. You know, like when you're watching a comedy, and and the jokes feel like they're they're not spontaneous.
No, I have not.
I haven't seen that either. But that's one I actually want to see for sure, because that got really good reviews from people. They said they really enjoyed it.
No, I did not.
I like animation.
I've always felt like cartoons and anime movies are really kind of interesting to watch and relax to.
I liked Akira. That was one of my first animes I've ever watched.
It was interesting, and like I said, it was one of the first animes I ever watched. It kind of drew me in from that alone.
Anything with Dragon Ball. I'm not really a fan of any of that.
They're just not my kind of animation. I've never really been a fan of any of those series and it's just not something I really like to watch.
Yes.
Yes, it was pretty good and funny and very cute.
Yes, I like dramas, mysteries, and action.
I like dramas because I really like that with your own life
Yes. One of my favorite movies is A Quiet Place.
Well, even though there was almost there wasn't really hardly any actual dialog the movie kept you interested. It had some very great acting in it, and it kept you on to just see what was going to happen at the end. It wasn't a typical ending.
Yes, it was unexpected
Yeah, I do. I like The Matrix. It's keeps you on suspense, and it's kind of out there. It's a different kind of movie.
I like them. They're cute. It's a good family movie, as long as you know they're not very young. And it's humorous.
I do not like musicals. Do not like them at all.
I like war movies.
I like that they depict an otherwise taboo subject, like I know that Hollywood and movies in general are a bit exaggerated and they are not necessary factually correct, but they give people like me who have never seen anything like war a glimpse into what war could or does look like. I think that's pretty cool.
Saving Private Ryan is a good one.
That's going to be difficult. I didn't like Killer Bongs from Outer Space.
Well, it was a very very cheesy B you know B list movie or whatever it's called and I mean like, I get that that was kinda the point, but it was just so bad it was it was hard to stomach.
No, I've never watched it.
I think I watched it, I don't remember much about it. I don't think I minded it, but I didn't like like it enough to watch the sequels, so it's just kind of meh.
Yeah.
It depends how atrocious it was, so I'd say that they are not too bad. I mean, I'm sure that probably some more serious ones might be good.
I like comedy dramas.
They are interesting. They are intense. I like the varied story lines, the fiction. Sometimes it's not fiction. But there's always a surprise somewhere.
Daddy's Home 2
I liked the actors. I liked Mark Wahlberg. I liked the family story line. I liked Will Farrell. It was funny but there was a good plot, and it had a happy ending.
It was really funny.
I don't like zombie movies.
I don't like zombies, they're not real, they're gross, they look ugly, and they just eat people.
I hate the gore.
Yes, I have.
I have not seen the movie.
Yes. I like that movie.
I like how it was a role reversal and how easy humans have it, but it could be a different kind of civilization. It could be apes ruling the humans.
Oh sure. Matrix, Alien series, Blade Runner, those are probably the three classics or my favorite in the genre.
Well visually they're ground breaking. Many movies try to copy them either in style or either in The vision that they they show of the future. The stories are usually pretty simple, so So you really And it's about like world building, and you get You lose yourself in the time period or the world that they've created.
Yes, maybe more so than the narrative and the writing. Like usually, the narrative or writing is pretty simple, and and they let you just kind of be enveloped by the the art design and the and the setting of the and the world building that they've created.
Absolutely, I think that's the main reason that there's they are considered classics is where they do those that that type of world building better than others. Plus I think that's why people like science fiction is it's kind of like exploring or and it putting yourselves in a whole different place that you can't access in the real world.
And I think that's true that's why often times the most copied by other films
Movie types, I don't like I guess bad versions of in a genre like like superhero movies, I like in general, but you know, there's bad ones like Suicide Squad or Spider-Man 3, where it just kind of goes off the rails and and kind of You almost They almost make you question if you like those type of movies anymore.
just throw them in there at last minute and kind of took away And not to mention the whole stuff with Peter Parker going dark and the famous scene of him dancing and stuff. It just seems kind of goes too far to being All those early Spider-Man movies are very campy, but that goes a little bit too far. And then Suicide Squad is just a mess. It doesn't narratively, character-wise, it just There's There's like four beginnings I think to that movie where they introduce the characters like three or four different times, and then there's too many characters, and the story's not very good, so it's just not very good. Yes, and it was a good version of the DC movies. Movies like Suicide Squad, they struggle. I think they kind of fall into that Spider-Man thing where they throw too much at you or into their movies, and the tone is very dark, but Wonder Woman was not that. It was very kind of felt like a Marvel movie a little bit. Had a little optimism to it.
Mhm.
I really I guess I like teen movies a lot.
Probably one of my I mean a recent one that I like is The Duff. I like that a lot. In terms of like all time, She's the Man is one of my favorites. I like 10 Things I Hate About You, love that.
So, all those films have great casts. You know, teen films can be hard cos they are obviously casting younger talent, but they actually a lot of the teen firms are like have gone on to be like good actors later on. So, they are they are good choices, they are just younger before they are becoming sort of a bigger superstars. The other things about those are like 10 things I hate about you and She's the man is that those were series of movies that actually were based on Shakespeare novels, and so it's actually very clever retelling of the stories that really sort of stretched the bounds of what usually teen movie is, so it make the teen movie a little bit more complex, a little more interesting while still being funny and enjoyable so great combination.
Oh. Plenty. Like a film that I hate just in general is Le Divorce, one of the worst films I've ever seen in my life.
It felt like we were fooled. They kind of built this sort of, like, a light-hearted sort of a comedy drama with a good cast and it was anything but. It was, I mean, outside of it just being a complete and utter mess from a story line and writing stand point, despite being based on a book. It was It honestly had aspects of a thriller in it. It was such a bad movie. And it was so far away from what they acted as if it was going to be going in. It's not even funny. Literally one of the worst movies I've ever seen in my life.
No Not at all.
Not yet. I'm looking forward to that one.
It's fantastic that they are doing a big budget, romantic comedy with Asian-American leads, it's fantastic. First time it's really ever been done and I love comedies, I love romantic comedies, so it's a good combination and I'm interested in seeing a nice diverse portrayal in the movie. And it just seems And it Listen, overall it just seems funny. The cast is great. I love the woman, the lead woman from her other projects. So, I have nothing but high hopes for that one.
One of my favorite genres of movies is comedy, I also like action movies.
Well, its nice to have a good laugh, and it makes me feel good, happy, joyful and care-free.
One of my favorite comedy movies It might be a little bit childish, but is Jim Carrey's Ace Ventura. This was back in the day during the 1990s.
It's just full of slapstick moment goofy moments, and it's And it's Jim Carrey. He's one of the funniest actors.
A movie that I didn't like much it really isn't comedy but I guess it's more of a drama type movie, it was Children of Men. I I mean it got good ratings and all that, but I didn't I didn't think that it was that good.
The the story was kind of boring. The the movie didn't flow through well and I just found myself sitting there wondering what's happening or what's going to happen next then and then I didn't understand the movie so much.
Yes, I have seen Forrest Gump.
I like comedy movies.
They make me laugh, they make me happy, they make me they make me feel sense of enjoyment. The movie will take take away from the stress that I maybe feeling before I watch it.
The Waterboy.
I don't like anime movies. I don't like I don't like anime movies. Yeah, that's one of the movies I don't like.
It's too cartoonish, too too kid writed, it's um, doesn't, it's geared towards kids so I don't like that
I I don't like Pokémon X.
I like that movie because There wasn't much character building and the characters already had they've already you already know what kind of characters they were. And the plot wasn't that exciting. I didn't find the plot that exciting and I just found the movie to be dissapointing.
No, I haven't seen that movie.
I've seen some of it.
I like documentaries.
You feel like you walk away from a movie you feeling like like you learn something. And they're also like newspapers, they grab me more cuz you know what they are talking about actually happened and it is need to see things that actually happen in the world.
Going Clear was really good.
I've never known much about Scientology before the movie. And I watched it, and it was just interesting to see all the crazy practices they preach. And the people who left the church talking about it and how much of an evil organization it is. I just felt a lot smarter and more educated about the topic after seeing it.
Not a big fan of comic book movies.
I just don't think the stories are very engaging. Like I mean, I know like they obviously aren't true. But it's hard to even suspend disbelief for most of them, just cuz they're so ridiculous that you can't believe them. Like Batman, I can at least believe. Like Superman and anything that involves crazy other planets and stuff, I just can't invested in.
I have, maybe that I didn't like. Dinosaur was terrible, but that's not a comic book movie.
It was the worst Disney movie I ever saw. Like it didn't even feel like it had a story. I remember it was like 30 minutes in, and I just wanted to walk out of the theater cuz I was so bored. And I was a little kid seeing it. I was like the target demographic.
Yep, I've seen that.
It was a good documentary. It was interesting to see I mean the idea of it just did excite me Not exciting, but interesting. Someone just going to eat McDonald's for I think it was 30 days straight and see what happens to their body afterwards. So it was just intriguing to see what actually happens.
I like action movies.
It's just something fun to watch and not really have to think about sometimes.
I really liked the movie Heat. It was a really interesting kind of cop movie. And I liked the gun battle. It's a really long gun battle.
I'm not a big comedy movie person. I don't like really any comedy movies really. It's just not my kind of thing.
They're usually not funny. They're just made for like stupid stupid humor.
Yes.
Yes.
Yeah, I really liked Wonder Woman.
It was a good movie, and I had read the comic books for a long time, so it was pretty close to the movie. It was close to the comic books, and it was just made well
I like comedy movies.
I like the I like comedy movies because they're funny. They make me laugh. The plot and dialog is interesting. It makes me really attentive to the movie Movies such as Adam Sandler type of movies or Jim Carrey type of movies.
favorite comedy, uh... Billy Madison
He's He's trying to get good grades so he can inherit his father's business, and he falls in love with the with the teacher that he meets in school. And it just has romance. It has interesting characters. The plot is interesting. It was just It just has a interesting dialog. That's all.
a movie I did not did not like Project X I did not like Project X.
I didn't like it because it didn't have It didn't have a plot to it. It was just random people It just didn't have an interesting plot that I When I watched it at a movie theater, it just had stupid things going on like Slo-mos of girls taking off their shirts and stuff like that, and I just didn't like the slo-mos that they had. There wasn't any character development in the movie.
Superhero movies I like them, I like them because it's usually story about good vs. evil and And And the action is what makes me sit down at the edge of my seat because I just like the action.
I did not see that movie either
I saw some of it, but Yeah, I liked what I saw. Yeah, I liked like the action. Him trying to fight the evil characters.
I would say action movies are my favorite.
Sure. Mr. & Mrs. Smith is one of my favorite movies.
It's really a great action movie in that it is an action movie, but the rest of the movie is completely is is complete. It's not just the action scenes. So the action scenes are great and fun, and actually the One of the things the movie excels at is mixing the comedy with the action. But the acting is fantastic, direction is great, and it just gets it right. It's very watchable, very enjoyable, but also fun and exciting
I'm not a fan of horror films.
The scariness of them, the sort of bloody gory aspect to them, it It just creeps me out, so I avoid watching them.
not really like a Quentin Tarantino like from hell or something like that. The It's It's just too much. Too much blood, too much gore, these kind of ones that are I mean, I know they're fake, but in order for me to get through it, I have to remind myself it's fake, which sort of defeats the purpose of watching it.
No. I have not, but that one I will be seeing.
Yes, I've seen Inception.
Probably Happy Gilmore.
It's got a lot of humor. The storyline's really good.
The actors and the dialog are really rich in rewarding.
Titanic
The genre is not very good and am not really interested with the story line with it.
I don't really find the actors too much to my liking, either.
I have.
I love superhero movies.
It has a really good storyline, some humor. I like the actors in it.
The action is really cool because it has a lot of scenes to it that are pretty engaging.
I did
I like The action and the storyline are pretty engaging. They're pretty nice.
I like the actors and the action that is involved in the movie.
just how it's a just a classic movie
I really like comedies.
They are funny, and light-hearted, and a true escape from like every day life. So, you can just sort of relax and enjoy. It's not a stressful thing to watch. It's ease and just fun. So, you are enjoying it.
Yes, since it's that time of the year, Home Alone 2 is one of my absolute favorite movies.
It is The cast is fantastic. The writing is great. It's in endearing. It's innovative. The direction is really so perfect, and to make a child the star and be able to carry off the movie is really something special, and it's just a lot of fun. It's very funny. It's just a lot of fun. But also heartwarming, and a great Christmas tale.
I am not crazy about Sci-Fi movies.
They usually have elements of like gore or horror or like zombie that I'm not crazy about in terms of they scare me usually and I just like to avoid that kind of thing. And then also a lot of them over shoot what they are doing, so they don't sort of break it down into something that turns into a good movie, they make it complicated to even bother enjoying.
The Thirteenth Floor was not good.
That was a movie that was too complicated for its own good. It was trying to be really interesting and use sort of imagery and different sort of story lines to create this sort of sci-fi world, but it ended up not making sense. It had a good cast, not a great cast, but a good cast, and they could have really tried to do something with it. But the story line really left the cast hanging, and it's just It's not like it's not like the worst movies, but it's a bad movie because I still after all these years can't tell you what happened in that movie.
I have.
I did not enjoy that movie because Home Alone the original and Home Alone 2 star Macaulay Culkin. The third stars a completely different actor who is not as charismatic as Macaulay is, so leaving the movie to just him was a problem. He could not carry off the starring role in the same way, so the first two Like almost everybody else, I consider the first two be Home Alone movies and ignore the rest.
I generally go and see Sci-Fi and fantasy movies.
I really like both of the Blade Runner movies.
Well, I generally like the setting of a super future, basically, of sprawling estates. It reminds me of old cyberpunk novels and things like that. So, anything that includes that is fun to watch for me.
Well, sci-fi and fantasy's a pretty good category, big category, but I don't like what feels like children's movies I guess like a Harry Potter type thing I wouldn't enjoy.
It feels like a coming-of-age movie or something like that, and it really does not appeal to my demographic.
I have not seen The Hobbit.
Which X-Men?
Yes. I think I've seen Days of Future Past or something along the lines of that name.
I think I enjoyed at the time. It's been a while.
I pretty much enjoying this superhero movie.
I enjoy comedies, I enjoy fantasy, action, and dramas.
I like when I'm able to laugh and find humor in a movie, but I also like movies that will touch me on my emotional side or keep me on the edge of my seat. I recently watched A Quiet Place, which I found to be a great movie.
I like that it didn't have much dialog, but yet the movie was still very engaging and interesting and It was a new concept.
I don't particularly care for musicals or horror movies that are really gory.
The horror part I just I like suspense movie and I don't mind scary, but I just don't like slash awfully films that are just full of goring guts and blood. Just not my thing.
I don't really care for the Saw movies, dislike them. I felt like they were some really gory things in it that just didn't keep my interest with the movie. So, I wanted to turn it off.
I don't believe I have.
No.
Yes, I have. Thought it was a really good movie. I enjoyed the love story in it, of course, and it was sad that the one of the main characters, the male role ended up dying in the movie, and risked his life to save his love.
I like horror movies, I like action movies and I like movies with drama.
I love The Recruit.
I like The Recruit because of the fast pace, action, adrenaline, and the espionage that the movie has involved in it. And the way the plot is laid out.
I do not like comedy movies.
My least favorite movie is any movie that's a comedy movie or a parody movie. No specific movie title because I always don't watch those.
Because I love a movie that's serious and it has a realistic view to it. I do not like movies that way it's not realistic to me and something that I cannot relate to in every day world.
Yes.
Yes, I enjoyed this movie very much.
I enjoy the action-packed adrenaline in the movie, and I pretty much like how he had a lot of secrets about himself, and he had a special set of skills that enabled him to defend himself and to find the truth about himself, and the movie had purpose.
I like action movies.
I like action movies because they're fun to watch.
I like the action movie Tomb Raider
Tomb Raider is a fun movie to watch. It's about this girl who goes into this tomb after her father finishes, and she hopes to accomplish her father's dream.
I don't like Friday the 13th
It's Friday the 13th is a scary movie. It's about this guy named Jason, and he kills a bunch of people and his cat, and just scary to watch.
The movie Thor, I have not.
Yes, Jurassic Kingdom. It's about this dinosaur.
I like this movie because it's about genetically engineered dinosaurs and they are really smart. And this guy had to has to train them. Who doesn't like dinosaurs?
I love romantic comedies. I love drama movies. I like suspense movies.
Well, I I usually like the acting, like how sophisticated the acting is. I like to, you know, I like the scenarios, the the plots. I enjoy the scenery in the movie, and the costumes.
Yes, it does.
Nothing in particular. I mean you know one of my favorite movies is Shawshank Redemption of all time.
I just loved the the acting, how realistic it was, how suspenseful it was. It was really a very well done movie.
I don't like movies that have terrible acting, that just don't keep my attention, that are boring, that that just not not have any comedy or anything in them.
Right. I don't like serious movies at all.
Let me give you one of them. say Let me see. I really didn't like this movie. Plan 9 from Outer Space, it was just a silly movie. It's like one of the worst movies of all time.
Oh, just that the acting was terrible and it was not realistic and and just like Just the worst. It was just so poorly acted, you know, that And the props were not very realistic.
Not at all.
No, I have not seen Gone Girl.
I've seen Avatar.
I did, Avatar was very well done.
I liked the costuming, I liked the how realistic it was considering it's like science fiction, it was very well done overall.
