They do to!
She okay?
Wow
No
Like my fear of wearing pastels?
What good stuff?
Thank God!  If I had to hear one more story about your coiffure...
What crap?
No...
You always been this selfish?
Then that's all you had to say.
You never wanted to go out with 'me, did you?
I looked for you back at the party, but you always seemed to be "occupied".
Have fun tonight?
You know Chastity?
Hi.
So that's the kind of guy she likes? Pretty ones?
She's not a...
I really, really, really wanna go, but I can't.  Not unless my sister goes.
Eber's Deep Conditioner every two days. And I never, ever use a blowdryer without the diffuser attachment.
You're sweet.
I counted on you to help my cause. You and that thug are obviously failing. Aren't we ever going on our date?
Where?
Well, there's someone I think might be --
Forget French.
I don't want to know how to say that though.  I want to know useful things. Like where the good stores are.  How much does champagne cost?  Stuff like Chat.  I have never in my life had to point out my head to someone.
C'esc ma tete. This is my head
Gosh, if only we could find Kat a boyfriend...
Unsolved mystery.  She used to be really popular when she started high school, then it was just like she got sick of it or something.
Seems like she could get a date easy enough...
Cameron.
Forget it.
Okay... then how 'bout we try out some French cuisine.  Saturday?  Night?
Well, I thought we'd start with pronunciation, if that's okay with you.
I did.
I don't have to be home 'til two.
All I know is -- I'd give up my private line to go out with a guy like Joey.
Bianca, I don't think the highlights of dating Joey Dorsey are going to include door-opening and coat-holding.
Is he oily or dry?
Would you mind getting me a drink, Cameron?
Joey.
Where did he go?  He was just here.
No.
You know the deal.  I can ' t go if Kat doesn't go --
You're concentrating awfully hard considering it's gym class.
Hey, sweet cheeks.
Neat...
Queen Harry?
Hopefully.
Expensive?
Perm?
It's just you.
No! I just wanted
I just wanted --
Let go!
You looked beautiful last night, you know.
Not all experiences are good, Bianca. You can't always trust the people you want to.
I guess I thought I was protecting you.
That's not
I wanted to let you make up your own mind about him.
After that, I swore I'd never do anything just because "everyone else" was doing it.  And I haven't since. Except for Bogey's party, and my stunning gastro-intestinal display --
Just once.  Afterwards, I told him I didn't want to anymore.  I wasn't ready. He got pissed.  Then he broke up with me.
He said everyone was doing it.  So I did it.
Now I do.  Back then, was a different story.
He was, like, a total babe
In 9th.  For a month
Joey never told you we went out, did he?
I do care. But I'm a firm believer in doing something for your own reasons, not someone else ' s .
Listen, I know you hate having to sit home because I'm not Susie High School.
I don't get you.  You act like you're too good for any of this, and then you go totally apeshit when you get here.
Bianca, I need to talk to you -- I need to tell you --
You are so completely unbalanced.
It's Shakespeare.  Maybe you've heard of him?
At least I'm not a clouted fen- sucked hedge-pig.
Bogey Lowenstein's party is normal, but you're too busy listening to Bitches Who Need Prozac to know that.
You're ruining my life'  Because you won't be normal, I can't be normal.
What do you think?
It means that Gigglepuss is playing at Club Skunk and we're going.
Can you at least start wearing a bra?
Nowhere... Hi, Daddy.
I have a date, Daddy.  And he ' s not a captain of oppression like some men we know.
Fine.  I see that I'm a prisoner in my own house.  I'm not a daughter. I'm a possession!
He's not a "hot rod".  Whatever that is.
No, but
Daddy, I want to discuss the prom with you. It's tomorrow night --
Why?
Just for a minute
Wear the belly before you go.
Oh, God.  It's starting.
Daddy, people expect me to be there!
Otherwise known as an orgy?
And where're you going?
Exactly my point
But it's not fair -- she's a mutant, Daddy!
What if she never starts dating?
Now don't get upset. Daddy, but there's this boy... and I think he might ask...
Padua girls.  One tall, decent body. The other one kinda short and undersexed?
Fan of a fan.  You see a couple of minors come in?
Always a pleasure, Brucie.
You humiliated the woman! Sacrifice yourself on the altar of dignity and even the score.
Buttholus extremus.  But hey, you're making progress.
