They do not!
I hope so.
Let's go.
Okay -- you're gonna need to learn how to lie.
I'm kidding.  You know how sometimes you just become this "persona"?  And you don't know how to quit?
The "real you".
I figured you'd get to the good stuff eventually.
Me.  This endless ...blonde babble. I'm like, boring myself.
do you listen to this crap?
Then Guillermo says, "If you go any lighter, you're gonna look like an extra on 90210."
But
Well, no...
I was?
Tons
I believe we share an art instructor
Looks like things worked out tonight, huh?
Who knows?  All I've ever heard her say is that she'd dip before dating a guy that smokes.
Lesbian?  No. I found a picture of Jared Leto in one of her drawers, so I'm pretty sure she's not harboring same-sex tendencies.
I'm workin' on it. But she doesn't seem to be goin' for him.
Sure have.
How do you get your hair to look like that?
You have my word.  As a gentleman
You got something on your mind?
There.
How is our little Find the Wench A Date plan progressing?
That's because it's such a nice one.
Right.  See?  You're ready for the quiz.
Let me see what I can do.
That's a shame.
Why?
The thing is, Cameron -- I'm at the mercy of a particularly hideous breed of loser.  My sister.  I can't date until she does.
No, no, it's my fault -- we didn't have a proper introduction ---
You're asking me out.  That's so cute. What's your name again?
Not the hacking and gagging and spitting part.  Please.
Can we make this quick?  Roxanne Korrine and Andrew Barrett are having an incredibly horrendous public break- up on the quad.  Again.
You think you ' re the only sophomore at the prom?
I have to be home in twenty minutes.
Sometimes I wonder if the guys we're supposed to want to go out with are the ones we actually want to go out with, you know?
Combination.  I don't know -- I thought he'd be different.  More of a gentleman...
He practically proposed when he found out we had the same dermatologist. I mean. Dr. Bonchowski is great an all, but he's not exactly relevant party conversation.
Great
Who?
You might wanna think about it
Did you change your hair?
Listen, I want to talk to you about the prom.
Hi, Joey.
My agent says I've got a good shot at being the Prada guy next year.
It's a gay cruise line, but I'll be, like, wearing a uniform and stuff.
So yeah, I've got the Sears catalog thing going -- and the tube sock gig " that's gonna be huge.  And then I'm up for an ad for Queen Harry next week.
Exactly  So, you going to Bogey Lowenbrau's thing on Saturday?
It's more
Patrick -- is that- a.
Is that woman a complete fruit-loop or is it just me?
What? To completely damage me?  To send me to therapy forever? What?
You set me up.
So did you
I guess I'll never know, will I?
God, you're just like him! Just keep me locked away in the dark, so I can't experience anything for myself
I'm not stupid enough to repeat your mistakes.
No. you didn't!  If you really thought I could make my own decisions, you would've let me go out with him instead of helping Daddy hold me hostage.
Why didn't you tell me?
But
You did what?
As in...
But you hate Joey
Why?
What?
I wish I had that luxury. I'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and I can't go, because you won ' t.
Like you care.
You're welcome.
I really don't think I need any social advice from you right now.
Can we go now?
Yeah, he's your freak friend Mandella's boyfriend.  I guess since I'm not allowed to go out, I should obsess over a dead guy, too.
Like I'm supposed to know what that even means.
Can't you forget for just one night that you're completely wretched?
What's normal?
I think you're a freak.  I think you do this to torture me.  And I think you suck.
Oh, I thought you might have a date  I don't know why I'm bothering to ask, but are you going to Bogey Lowenstein's party Saturday night?
Oh my God, does this mean you're becoming normal?
I have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you don't get out of my way.
Where've you been?
I'm missing something.
You're not going unless your sister goes.  End of story.
It's that hot rod Joey, right? That ' s who you want me to bend my rules for?
The prom?  Kat has a date?
Because she'll scare them away.
Promise me you won't talk to any boys unless your sister is present.
Daddy, no!
It's just a party. Daddy.
If Kat's not going, you're not going.
It's just a party. Daddy, but I knew you'd forbid me to go since "Gloria Steinem" over there isn't going --
If you must know, we were attempting to go to a small study group of friends.
Daddy, I --
But she doesn't want to date.
Then neither will you.  And I'll get to sleep at night.
No! You're not dating until your sister starts dating.  End of discussion.
Just sent 'em through.
Never
Didn't have you pegged for a Gigglepuss fan.  Aren't they a little too pre-teen belly-button ring for you?
Best case scenario, you're back on the payroll for awhile.
No, I ' m not.
