I thank the Minister for his response . He will be aware that the Northern Ireland Policing Board and the Chief Constable are concerned about a possible reduction in the police budget in the forthcoming financial year , and that there are increasing pressures on the budget as a result of policing the past , the ongoing inquiries , and the cost of the legal advice that the police need to secure in order to participate in them . However , does he agree that it is right that the Government provide adequate funding for the ordinary policing in the community that tackles all the matters that concern the people of Northern Ireland ? Does he accept that there should not be a reduction in the police budget , given the increasing costs of the inquiries that I have mentioned ? Will the Government do something to reduce the cost of the inquiries , and ensure that adequate policing is provided for all the victims of crime in Northern Ireland ?
Will the Minister assure the House that budget constraints in the future will not curb or compromise the roll - out and full implementation of the Patten vision for policing ? This morning , the Police Service has had to seal off a number of streets in Derry city centre because of hoax devices . Will he join me in condemning the so - called dissident republicans responsible for such attacks ? At a time when Derry city centre is seeing the fruits of normalisation and the removal of military installations , the attacks serve only to bring the British Army , in the form of the bomb disposal units , back on to the streets there .
Does not the Minister 's very proper condemnation of the events of yesterday and the weekend underline the necessity for keeping an absolutely first - class police force in Northern Ireland , under the inspired leadership of an admirable Chief Constable ? Will he ring - fence expenditure on the past and try to ensure that is totally separate from the running budget for police needs ?
Does my hon Friend agree that the Assets Recovery Agency has an important role to play in deterring crime , as well as potentially obtaining more funds for policing in Northern Ireland ? Can he outline the progress the Government have made in obtaining funds through that source ?
I congratulate the Secretary of State and the Minister on their appointments and thank them very much for their kindness this week following the terrible flooding in my constituency . I apologise to you , Mr. Speaker , and the House for having to leave shortly after this question to attend to those problems . Given that the security situation has improved so much , is it not rather unfortunate that over the past 10 years the level of policing has dropped from 8,500 to 7,500 officers , and also that the full - time reservist force has dropped from 3,000 to fewer than 700 and the part - time reservist force from 1,300 to fewer than 900 ? Although we hope that the security situation continues to improve , are not those figures of a little concern to the Minister ?
I congratulate the Secretary of State on his appointment and thank him for that reply . The estimated cost of building a national stadium at the Long Kesh Maze site is between £ 43 million and £ 400 million . Will the right hon Gentleman give the House a definitive figure , to the extent that he is able to do so , after taking account of all contingency and additional costs ?
I thank the Secretary of State for that reply . He will be aware that the people of Northern Ireland are pleased that the question of the future of the Maze is now in the hands of the Northern Ireland Assembly , but will he make sure that every piece of information relating to the stadium is put into the public domain so that people such as Northern Ireland football supporters do not have to go to freedom of information legislation to obtain information about various aspects of the process that seem to have been kept very secret ? Will he assure the Minister for Finance and Personnel in Northern Ireland that every bit of information will be put into the public domain ?
The Secretary of State will be well aware of the almost total opposition of Northern Ireland football supporters to the siting of the stadium at the Maze . He will also be aware of the total opposition of Unionists to the provision of a shrine to hunger strikers at the Maze—something that is already happening , promoted by Sinn Fein . Will he give an assurance that no agreements made in the past by direct rule Ministers or actions taken by direct rule Ministers in the future will limit the ability of the Executive and the Assembly in Northern Ireland to be the final arbiters of what happens to the Maze site and the location of the national stadium ?
Has the Secretary of State made any assessment of how many of the 3,268 murders related to the security situation that are being investigated by the historical inquiry team are likely to lead to the establishment of a separate public inquiry ?
Does the Secretary of State accept that those of us who supported setting up the Bloody Sunday inquiry would not have done so if we had known that , by now , it would cost £ 180 million ? It has not yet concluded , and it almost certainly has not brought the closure that we all desired .
I apologise for not have heard all the answer , Mr. Speaker . The Secretary of State has been helpful in what he has said , but will he tell me whether he in the Department or someone in the devolved Administration decides which inquiry will take place and determines the extent of the investigation and the budgetary parameters ? Who decides whether it is appropriate to hold an inquiry and on what terms ?
The Secretary of State says that justice must take its course , but does he accept that many of the innocent victims in Northern Ireland see no justice ? What they see is hundreds of millions of pounds being spent for political purposes by the Government and others to pursue a vendetta against the security forces and those who work to defeat terrorism . I welcome the Secretary of State to his new position , but will he do something to redress the balance in favour of the victims and against the terrorists and those who would seek to rewrite history ?
I welcome the Secretary of State and the Minister of State to their new positions and offer the best wishes of my party to them in doing what remains , potentially , a very difficult job . I share many of the concerns about the price of the inquiries , but we should never lose sight of their value . The Secretary of State just referred to the Bradley and Eames commission on the past . Does he accept that that is an inquiry of a different order ? Will he ensure that its deliberations are properly resourced and that any recommendations it makes will be properly implemented ?
I welcome the new Secretary of State to his office and wish him well . We were both elected as Conservative MPs in 1997 and it is an interesting reflection on the different ways in which we have spent the past 10 years that we hold our current posts . I intend to build on the sterling work of my hon Friend the Member for Aylesbury ( Mr. Lidington ) , who supported the Government through the current process , but did not offer them a blank cheque . On the question of cheques , will the Secretary of State estimate the total cost of all the current and future inquires , and say when he thinks they may be completed ?
Given that so many prisoners are heavily dependent on drugs when convicted , and that so many prisoners suffer from mental illness through drug use , what extra measures will the Minister introduce to encourage the rehabilitation of prisoners while they are in jail , so that they come off drugs ?
In the Minister 's opinion , are the sentences handed down by the courts in Northern Ireland for drug - related offences— [ Interruption . ]
My hon Friend will know that it is not just in Northern Ireland that drugs coming into prisons are a problem ; recently in Scotland , a solicitor was sent to jail for bringing drugs into prison . Will he ensure that there is adequate funding in Northern Ireland , not only for searches—we must make sure that they are much more sophisticated—but to ensure that the consequences for people convicted of bringing drugs into prisons are advertised , so that people know what they are up against when they do it ?
Home Office statistics show that since 1998 , when the current method of recording crime was introduced , there has been an increase of 35.5 per cent . in recorded drug trafficking offences . What additional help is being given to the police to help them identify the paramilitary groups that are involved in drug trafficking and dealing ?
Since the right hon Gentleman became Prime Minister , he has allowed the release from prison of 951 criminals who had been judged too dangerous to release from prison on a tag . If those people were too dangerous to be out of prison on a tag , why are they now safe to be released from prison without a tag ?
I thank my right hon Friend and all the other Ministers for the interest that they have taken in Gloucestershire . I pay due regard to the emergency services for the superb work that they have undertaken , and I pass on my commiserations to my colleagues in the county and all their constituents . However , can it be right that we are told that it will take 14 days to get back our main drinking supplies ? There is much misinformation about who is off the mains supply and who is likely to be off . All the businesses , farms and individual households want some certainty . It can not be the case that we must wait so long in this day and age because of the present crisis . For some time Severn Trent has needed to understand that it must act more quickly . I hope my right hon Friend will make sure that that happens .
I join the Prime Minister in sending my condolences to the families of Lance - Corporal Timothy Flowers and Senior Aircraftsmen Matthew Caulwell , Christopher Dunsmore and Peter McFerran , all of whom were killed in Iraq . Their deaths are a reminder of the daily sacrifices that our young men and women are making on our behalf , and we honour their memory . I join the Prime Minister and the hon Member for Stroud ( Mr. Drew ) in praising the emergency services and local councils for the vital work that they are doing in dealing with the floods . The sympathy of the whole House will go out to those who have lost loved ones , those who have been flooded out or evacuated , and those who have had property damaged or lost . Looking to the future and how we minimise the risk of future flooding , at least five times in the past decade the House has been told that co - ordination between the Environment Agency and local councils needs to improve . I welcome the review that the Prime Minister has set up . Can he confirm that it will look into co - ordination to ensure that this time it really is delivered , and will he ensure that we do everything possible to protect key infrastructure in the future ?
My right hon Friend will be aware of the very serious situation facing broadcasters in this country , with the revelations last week from the BBC , and this morning 's resignation by the head of GMTV. Will he hold urgent talks with Ofcom and the Department for Culture , Media and Sport in an attempt to restore public faith in broadcasters ?
Once again , I associate myself with the expressions of condolence and sympathy that we have just heard from the Prime Minister , and like him , I wish to pay tribute to the local authorities , the armed services and the emergency services , some of whose work I have seen for myself . The Prime Minister acknowledged the importance of infrastructure , particularly water treatment plants and power stations . In the review to which he has referred , set up by the Secretary of State for Environment , Food and Rural Affairs , will there be a detailed assessment of the precautions available to all such infrastructural facilities throughout the country , and not just those in the areas affected during the past few weeks ?
My right hon Friend knows that bingo clubs throughout the country provide a safe form of entertainment for many thousands of our constituents . However , due to a combination of factors , including the smoking ban , the removal of amusement games and the high taxation that bingo clubs face , 21 clubs have already closed in Scotland alone . Will my right hon Friend agree to meet me and representatives of the industry to ascertain whether we can find a way forward , especially through value added tax , to try to preserve as many of our bingo clubs as possible ?
Was the Prime Minister 's predecessor right to give up £ 7 billion of Britain 's EU rebate ?
My right hon Friend knows that , today in Britain , 4,000 children live in care establishments and long to live in family homes with parents . What are the Government doing about that ?
This morning , the Prime Minister said in an interview about the EU constitution— [ Interruption . ] There is plenty more . He said : " if I thought I was doing something that needed a referendum I would say so . " The Irish Prime Minister says that 90 per cent . of the constitution remains in the treaty and the Spanish Foreign Minister says that 98 per cent . remains . What figure would the Prime Minister put on it ? [ Interruption . ]
Will my right hon Friend join me in urging Royal Mail to enter into meaningful discussions with the Communication Workers Union and thus ensure that the jobs and the good pay and conditions of Royal Mail employees , such as those at Mount Pleasant sorting office in my constituency , are protected ?
Given the warnings from the Chief of the General Staff at the weekend that the Army was out of reserves , and given that the Defence Select Committee heard yesterday that more than 90 per cent of terrorist attacks in Basra are now being perpetrated on British forces , is it not time to bring the British forces out of Iraq and to concentrate our efforts on Afghanistan , which the west neglected by rushing to war in Iraq on a false prospectus ?
Holly Davenport from Wakefield was just five years old when she suffered burns to 50 per cent . of her body after falling into a scalding hot bath . Each year , 600 people suffer the same terrible fate as Holly , three quarters of whom are children under five . Will my right hon Friend meet me and the " Hot water burns like fire " coalition , so that we can impress upon him the need to change the law to enable the installation of thermostatic mixing valves on the baths in the 3 million new homes that we are going to build over the next 13 years , to protect the most vulnerable in our society ?
Today , a Scottish opinion survey shows the standing of the Prime Minister trumped by that of the Scottish National party Scottish Government . May I ask the Prime Minister to turn this around ? Who is he supporting as the next leader of the Labour party in Scotland , or is he standing behind Jack McConnell ?
Will my right hon Friend commit to boosting UK manufacturing by making a commitment to the new aircraft carriers that are much needed by the Royal Navy , and by ensuring that those platforms will have UK - built aircraft ? If the joint strike fighter transfer does not go ahead , will he ensure that the Typhoon operates from those carriers ?
The Government 's first election manifesto outlined plans for Scotland and stated : " The Union will be strengthened and the threat of separatism removed . " Given that we now have a separatist leader of the Scottish Executive and given the increasing resentment in England about the imbalance in funding and voting between Scotland and England , what positive proposals does the Prime Minister have for dealing with that—or is he just in denial ?
Is it fair that 1.8 million children in this country grow up in poverty because they live in a household where nobody works ? That is the single biggest issue in my constituency and the Rhondda . Is it not time that we did far more to ensure that every child gets an opportunity in life , and that we got more people off benefits and into work , so that we could break the vicious circle whereby poverty cascades down through the generations ?
Is the Minister aware that many of those units , especially the ones on the Brighton line , are dilapidated and urgently need refurbishing ? Is he further aware that the Swindon railway workshops were promised a 10-year rolling programme to refurbish the EMUs on the Brighton line but are now unable to do so because of restrictions on the external financing limit ? Will he do the commuters on the Brighton line a favour by extending the external financing limit so that we can get on with the work ?
Is my hon Friend aware of the great problems of all commuters in the Southern region , especially those travelling on the mid - Kent and Maidstone lines ? Is he aware that modernised rolling stock would make commuters ' journeys more comfortable ? May we be assured of some early progress ?
Will my hon Friend confirm that he accepts that the running of commuter services is part of the social fabric of the country , that if British Rail does not do it nobody will , and that that would place an intolerable burden on the roads ? On that basis , does he agree that the public purse has an obligation to keep the units as modern and as efficient as possible ?
Is the Minister aware that a recently published report shows that while railway systems in most major industrial nations are expanding , ours is contracting ?
When the Secretary of State next meets the chairman of British Rail , will he raise with him the threatened withdrawal of the Manchester to London rail sleeper service ? Is he aware that it was that service that attracted some trouser - related notoriety ? Can he assure the chairman of British Rail that there are hon Members who are prepared to make the supreme sacrifice of seeing successive Chancellors of the Exchequer go trouserless if the service is retained ?
In view of the need to improve the public service obligation , is my right hon Friend yet able to say when he will approve investment for the electrification of the east coast main line scheme ?
Instead of the Government pursuing a policy of having yet heavier juggernauts on the roads , why does not the right hon Gentleman try to get more traffic on to the railways ? Do we not need a co - ordinated transport policy that encourages traffic on the railways rather than on our overcrowded roads ?
rose —
asked the Secretary of State for Transport when he next intends to meet the chairman of the British Railways Board to discuss investment in British Rail .
When my right hon Friend last saw the chairman of British Rail , did the chairman express any views about whether it was reasonable for British Rail to continue to run a network of 11,000 miles of permanent way ? In view of the comments of Mr. Lance Ibbotson , does my right hon Friend think that it is time to reappraise how large a rail network we require ?
The right hon Gentleman said that the Serpell committee would be reporting fairly soon . Will the right hon Gentleman ensure that the report is published in full as soon as possible and that there will be a proper opportunity for debate in the House land elsewhere before the Government make up their mind ? Frankly , the right hon Gentleman 's record on consultation is quite appalling .
Is my right hon Friend aware that previous Governments allowed British Rail to finance by leasing using private sector finance—for example , for its locomotive programme ? Is it not time that both British Rail and the Government adopted a far more determined approach to the harnessing of private sector resources and initiatives in developing British Rail investment ?
Will the Minister accept , from one of those who hit the road works , that while roadworks are in progress on the M1 the motorway is far more dangerous than normal and that during the present season of fog and ice people should cease behaving like homicidal maniacs , thereby risking their own lives and others on the roads , not least the lives of hon Members going to and from their constituencies ?
I have frequently come across these roadworks , but have not hit them . Does the Minister accept that this is a matter of widespread concern among the travelling public ? If there are no figures on the relationship between accidents and road works on motorways , is it not time that such figures were compiled ? Is it possible for the Minister to give her original figures as a proportion of the total number of accidents , so that we can judge the contribution that road works make to the accident figures ?
Are the speed limits displayed near road works legally enforceable ? If so , is my hon Friend aware of any prosecutions for exceeding those limits ?
I am grateful to my right hon Friend for that reply . Whatever conclusions he may reach , the sums involved will be very large . Will he ensure that there is no possibility of public money being wasted in the way that has occurred on the St. Pancras to Bedford line , where £ 150 million worth of rolling stock has lain idle for nearly a year due to union manning disputes ?
What conclusions does the Minister draw from the fact that on the London - Midland line , which serves the hon Member for Harborough ( Mr. Farr ) and me , revenues have dramatically increased since the belated introduction of high - speed trains between London and Sheffield ? Does the Minister agree that such investment raises both morale and revenue , and that that is what we need , rather than carping and sniping at British Rail ?
Will my right hon Friend confirm yet again that in terms of finance there are two railways—the one that British Rail is able and willing to run profitably , and the social railway that the nation demands ? Does he agree that there are far too many questions about the British Rail subsidy and far too few about the subsidy for the M1 motorway , the cost of repairs , police , accidents and time lost ? Is it not time that a fairer comparison was made ?
Does the Secretary of State recall that during the industrial dispute earlier this year both he and the chairman of British Rail constantly said that if the railway unions accepted the productivity package it would result in investment in the railways ? How many investment schemes has he approved since the productivity agreements were reached ?
How much of that increase is due to cuts in Government transport subsidy and cuts imposed by the Government on local authority transport subsidies ? Is it not a classic example of Tory double standards when Ministers refuse to provide an adequate transport subsidy for the general public but approve a 100 per cent . transport subsidy for themselves so that they can travel around for nothing in the luxury of chauffeur - driven limousines ?
Leaving aside all political implications , does my hon Friend appreciate the social consequences of the increase in fares ? Is he aware that the price of a season ticket to London from Folkestone has risen fourfold since I have had the honour to be in the House ? Does he realise that , as people used to commute from Folkestone to London , the increases mean that house prices in Folkestone have fallen while those in London have risen ? Should that not be considered before further price increases are approved ?
Is the Minister aware of the enormous increase in fares on the section of the Central line that runs through Essex , especially the Epping and Ongar section , because of the refusal of the Conservative - controlled Essex county council—unlike the Labour - controlled GLC—to claim transport supplementary grant to provide a subsidy for that line ? Is he aware that all services on that line are to disappear , except for those in the rush hour ? Will that not prove to be a recipe for the eventual closure of the line ? Will he do something about it ?
When challenged about public transport fares , will my hon Friend never fail to mention the need for efficient and economical operation ? Is he aware that today London Transport announced that it suspects that it is losing £ 30 million through fraud ? Would not the elimination of that fraud contribute to lower fares than the 40 per cent . increase to which he has referred ?
I am delighted to hear that reply . Is my hon Friend aware that I have had to write to her Department in Swansea in the past three weeks about two cases of delay in the issuing of driving licences ? Will she assure us that during the interim period while the new computer comes into operation steps will be taken to ensure the reduction of the delays that have taken place recently ?
How many people are now employed at Swansea , particularly in dealing with vehicle excise duty ? Are the Government taking steps towards a fundamental reform of the car licensing and VED systems ?
Does the Under - Secretary of State recall that when what is now the Transport Act 1982 was passing through the House hon Members who objected to the proposal to transfer HGV testing stations to the private sector were given increasingly firm assurances that the passing of the Bill would enable the transfer to be made , virtually immediately , to Lloyd 's ? As the gravest doubts are cast on those assurances by the hon Lady 's answer to me , may we have a categorical assurance that if this transfer is not successfully negotiated there will be no transfer of the HGV testing to the private sector , and that in no circumstances will HGV testing be broken up and handed over to a series of private firms ?
How much of that figure is available to British Rail for investment , because , increasingly , British Rail says that it is unable to meet the investment programme by reason of the constraints placed upon it by the Government ?
I was delighted that my right hon Friend visited my constituency on Saturday of last week , although , sadly , I had to be with my regiment in Preston . What percentage of the resources that my right hon Friend has announced today will be available to British Rail to assist with the commencement of a Channel tunnel , which is vital not only to the United Kingdom and industry in the North - West—which would benefit greatly from a rail - only tunnel—but to the construction industry ?
The right hon Gentleman was probably even more delighted that the hon Member for Macclesfield ( Mr. Winterton ) was not there .
Will the Secretary of State confirm that British Rail has put forward proposals for investment in a modified form of the advanced passenger train to run between Glasgow and London ? When will the right hon Gentleman be able to announce the go - ahead for the modified form of the APT , so that it can at last run between Glasgow and London carrying fare - paying passengers ?
May I assure my right hon Friend that , should he visit Folkestone , he will be able to see the site of the Channel tunnel—and I promise not to be in Preston when he comes ?
Will the Secretary of State deny any speculation that the new advanced passenger train will run , not to Glasgow , but only as far as Liverpool and Manchester ?
Is my hon Friend aware that the GLC is trying to impose on Enfield town a contra - flow bus scheme at a cost of £ 90,000 ? Is he further aware that this proposal is opposed by the council and by all organisations in Enfield ? Will he examine the powers of the GLC in this regard and consider whether he can overrule them ?
Should the Transport Act 1967 be reinforced to limit juggernaut movements in central London ?
Is my hon Friend aware that there used to be a slogan " Get on a bus " ?
Is not the low level of transport in rural areas , and generally , due to a lack of investment in transport by the Government , and is not the biggest restrictive practice in transport precisely that lack of proper investment by the Government ? When this matter is examined on a world scale , is not the United Kingdom among the lowest on the international list ? Is not the real reason for that the lack of proper rural transport ?
Is my hon Friend aware that in many rural areas , such as the one that I represent , fares on public transport are greater than those on private transport on the same routes ? While that situation continues it is hardly surprising that many rural communities are not served by bus services , which are becoming increasingly unviable . Will my hon Friend encourage bus companies to experiment with cut - price fare schemes ? If they cut their fares by 50 per cent . , they may be surprised to find that use more than doubles and that such systems become feasible .
The hon Member for Rutland and Stamford ( Mr. Lewis ) asked the Minister whether she was satisfied with rural transport . I am not surprised that the Minister did not answer the question . The hon Lady must be aware that National Bus Company mileage fell by 8 per cent . between 1980 and 1981 and that the number of passengers carried fell by 8·3 per cent . in the same year . There was a 9 per cent . loss of jobs in the National Bus Company . Between 1980 and 1981 , 43 million miles of stage carriage routes were lost . That has arisen largely—
What response has been given to Staffordshire county council , which has said that the Government 's financial support is inadequate to maintain a minimum level of public transport in that county ? Does the Minister accept that the provision of public transport is an essential social service for the young and old and many other sections of the community ?
Is my hon Friend aware that the best stimulus to increased use of public transport is an improvement in quality ? My constituents are still travelling in cattle - truck conditions on London Transport . The first step should be to take London Transport out of the hands of the Greater London Council , which has made such a mess of it .
Would not one way to stimulate use be to provide different forms of public transport ? For example , the Minister could increase British Rail 's investment programme to enable it to switch from DMUs to rail buses , which are produced in my constituency . At the end of next year the current orders run out . May we look forward to a continuity in orders by the Government increasing British Rail 's external financing limit ?
There would be much greater use of public transport by my constituents if some means could be found to ensure greater uniformity of concessionary fares arrangements between London and Essex .
Does the Minister acknowledge that the continuous pursuit of a cheap fares policy by the South Yorkshire metropolitan authority has been accompanied by a higher level of investment in bus services than has occurred in authorities where high fares policies have been pursued ? How will the Minister and his right hon Friend the Secretary of State increase investment in public transport by cutting the transport supplementary grant ?
Is my right hon Friend sincerely convinced , after the generous vote of the House last Thursday for heavier lorry weights , that the heavy lorry operators will accept the overriding need for additional restrictions on the movement and parking of such lorries ?
Has the Secretary of State received a request from Gwent county council to meet a deputation about the difficulties on the Severn bridge , which will be aggravated by the order authorising . the use of heavier lorries ? Will the Minister assure the House that the work of repairing and strengthening that vital bridge will be carried out on a 24-hour basis ?
Is not part of the reason for the much greater acceptance of the Government 's proposals on heavy lorries the undertaking to build more bypasses ? Will my right hon Friend carefully review the decision not to build a bypass on the A13 through the Rainham , Essex , part of my constituency ?
Is the Minister aware that when the Labour Opposition mounted an attack on heavy lorries last Thursday , with a vote to try to stop their introduction—
Will my hon Friend assure me that he is maintaining close liaison with his hon Friend the Minister for Industry and Information Technology about the Civil Service office of the future ? Will he also reassure us that he bears in mind that it is imperative that everyone is aware that when foreign machines are purchased British jobs are lost ?
Can the Minister give us an absolute assurance that when senior civil servants involved in equipment purchasing retire they do not join firms with which they have negotiated ?
In considering the modernisation of Civil Service office systems , will my hon Friend give due weight to the need to disperse as many civil servants as possible to the regions and consider with sympathy and urgency the need for the Patent Office to be located in Manchester , which is an ideal location for the new office within the EC ?
Will my hon Friend confirm that it will be necessary for all Departments when replying to the FMI to adopt the form and degree of detail of the information displayed in the Minis format in the Department of the Environment ?
Are not many of the savings that the Government claim achieved at the expense of efficiency ? Is the breakdown of DHSS services , such as that in Birmingham , with a reduced staff facing an extra 80,000 claims , not just the tip of the iceberg ? Are not frustrated and overstretched officers throughout the country facing rapidly increasing work loads while the Government pursue their shibboleth of arbitrary staff cuts regardless of work load and the effect on the quality of services to the most needy in our society ?
As the Ministry of Defence employs far more civil servants than any other Government Department , has not the Minis system more applicability and potential benefit there than in any other sector ? Has the system been introduced there , and if not , why not ?
Plans for my next meeting with the Civil Service unions have not yet been made .
I do not understand the Deputy Prime Minister 's reluctance to give us the information . Even the Prime Minister , who is not known for being straight with answers , tells us who has been to Chequers . I should have thought that the Deputy Prime Minister would want to tell us about the heads of state and important people whom he has been entertaining—or are all the visitors working - class mates whom he invited over for croquet ?
That was a very good answer . My friend carries a heavy responsibility for the UK 's relationship with China , and I know that he met a high - level delegation from the National People 's Congress last week . Will he tell the House what was the most significant thing that came out of his discussions with the representatives of the National People 's Congress ?
The Deputy Prime Minister has said that he will remain in his position as long as the right hon Member for Sedgefield ( Mr. Blair ) remains Prime Minister . If he is going to attend the Beijing Olympics in an official capacity , does it mean the Prime Minister will still be there ? And if so , has anyone told the current Chancellor of the Exchequer ?
If my right hon Friend gets to China for the Olympics , and I hope that he does , even if he is not competing , I hope that he will speak to the Chinese authorities about building sustainability into planning for the Olympics . We must learn how to make major international events truly sustainable to mitigate the impact on climate change , a subject in which he is clearly well versed .
If the right hon Gentleman gets to the Olympics , will he convey the message from all parties that we are proud to have the 2012 Olympics in this country ? Will he respond to the deep disappointment on both sides of the House that he will not take part in either the boxing or the croquet , which used to be an Olympic sport , particularly bearing in mind law 1(c ) of the rules of Oxford croquet—when a player has scored enough points , he is officially described as " pegged out " and has to be removed from the game ? Would it not be fairer to the British taxpayer if he were now removed from the game ?
Tell the hon Member for Blaby ( Mr. Robathan ) to shut his mouth .
I welcome that answer , not least because we have some very good and active third sector and community organisations in Tameside and Stockport . However , does my hon Friend agree that it is essential that in working with the third sector , Government and councils make it clear that they will not abdicate their responsibilities to fund those services adequately , but , as in my constituency , work in partnership with the third sector to deliver those improved public services ?
Will the Minister look at the situation concerning voluntary and charitable organisations whereby a person who serves in different categories has to be checked with the Criminal Records Bureau on every single occasion ? Is not that over - bureaucratic and unnecessary ?
Does my hon Friend agree that it is important to listen to campaigning bodies such as Make Poverty History ? Does he further agree that it was an absolute disgrace that last week , when we supported the Bill promoted by my right hon Friend the Member for Coatbridge , Chryston and Bellshill ( Mr. Clarke ) on the practical application of making poverty history , the Scottish National party was not represented ?
I am sure that the Minister will acknowledge that the Conservatives are very supportive of Make Poverty History . Will he acknowledge the role of social enterprise in tackling social exclusion , creating jobs , and delivering public services ? Does he agree that there is a strong case for increasing the scale and scope of social enterprise by creating social enterprise zones ? Will he look at ways of removing barriers to the expansion of the sector by simplifying often complex and fragmented funding flows by offering longer - term contracts and creating a more level playing field at the community level ? How can any of that be achieved when eight Departments—according to research by my hon Friend the Member for Isle of Wight ( Mr. Turner ) —do not monitor and refuse to keep central records of their contracts with the third sector ?
We always rightly argue that the best pathway out of poverty is work . Yet , in South Tyneside , four out of 10 children have no parent in work . What will the Minister do to create special measures for South Tyneside to solve the problem ?
I am glad to hear that the Minister is not satisfied with the Government 's record—she has considerable reason not to be . The Government have already missed their target for cutting child poverty and there is not one hon Member who has not experienced cases in their surgery of poor families who are hit by demands for thousands of pounds because of Government failures in the tax credit system , which place people in extreme poverty . Is it the system that needs changing or the Ministers in charge of it ?
Does my right hon Friend agree that the provision of adequate and affordable child care is a key issue , and that its absence is a possible barrier to parents moving into work ? Although there has been a substantial increase in such child care under this Government , will she work with the Department for Education and Skills to ensure that its provision continues to improve and increase , so that that barrier can be removed ?
