Mr. Speaker , we had the Adjournment debate yesterday , and in it we covered much of the territory in the hon Gentleman 's question . However , I shall start with the facts . This year 's budget for the Police Service of Northern Ireland is £ 100 million more than it was two years ago . As for the CSR discussions , I assure him that we want to maintain the same police numbers—that is , 7,500 officers—as we have at the moment . For obvious reasons , that is rather more than one would find in the average police service in the rest of the UK. What matters too is how those resources are deployed . That is very important , and the Chief Constable 's commitment to neighbourhood policing is very welcome . The right hon Member for Lagan Valley ( Mr. Donaldson ) touches on another important issue that no doubt will be touched on later in our proceedings today . We can not go on spending on investigations into the past without there being a knock - on effect on both present and future services . The CSR considerations that are going on at the moment will be important in that respect , but I am committed to making sure that we continue to provide the necessary funding for the PSNI , and I am determined that that will happen .
I assure my hon Friend that the Government are fully signed up to what he describes as the Patten vision , and that we will continue to deliver on it . That will include making sure that the PSNI reflects more fully the composition of Northern Ireland 's population . Over the past three years , we have committed £ 178 million to fulfilling the Patten vision for policing in Northern Ireland . He has told the House about the events in Derry , and I of course join him and others in condemning dissident republicans who continue to think that violence and conflict are the way forward , when the truth is that politics is the way forward . Equally , however , I condemn those loyalist paramilitaries who were involved in the shooting of a police officer at the weekend . That is just as damnable , and such actions are increasingly marginal in a Northern Ireland society where real politics is taking over and determining the future .
The special fund of £ 34 million that we have provided for the historical inquiries team to look into the unresolved murders of the years of the troubles is , of course , additional money that does not come out of the day - to - day policing budget . It is important that we focus all the resources that we can on day - to - day policing—that is , on neighbourhood policing and dealing with antisocial behaviour , for example—but we must also deal with the remaining threats from dissident republicans , loyalist paramilitaries or those involved in organised crime networks . I know that the hon Gentleman cares very deeply about such matters , and that he will agree that we must remain very strongly focused on them .
I am grateful to my hon Friend for raising that issue . He is right : where assets are seized and turned back into cash , it can be put back into front - line police services . I am pleased to say that with some of that money the Police Service of Northern Ireland has just taken on 60 new financial investigators , who will further improve the capacity for that work . The ARA is doing a tremendous job in Northern Ireland and its work will be redoubled and strengthened when it merges with the Serious Organised Crime Agency next year . Of course , partnership with our colleagues in the Republic is also an important element of that work .
On behalf of my right hon Friend , may I express our sympathies to the hon Gentleman and his constituents for the difficulties that they face ? At 7,500 , the PSNI has greater strength than any other police service in the United Kingdom . Significantly , confidence in the PSNI shows an encouraging story : 75 per cent . of people in Northern Ireland express full confidence in the police service that they receive . We should all take encouragement from that .
I thank the hon Gentleman for his kind remarks . The matter is now devolved and it is for the Executive in Northern Ireland , so it would be inappropriate for me to comment on it . Suffice it to say that it is under review ; the Executive are looking at a business case and I understand that they will bring it back in the autumn .
In so far as it is appropriate for me to do so , yes .
I reassure the hon Gentleman that , of course , this is now a matter for the Executive—the final decision will be theirs—but I remind him that when direct rule Ministers looked at the issue , it was the subject of enormous consultation and that the decision was endorsed by all three major sporting bodies—those for soccer , rugby and Gaelic football ? However , these are now matters for the Executive . In respect of the hon Gentleman 's observations about what some have described as a terrorist shrine , there is no question of its being a terrorist shrine and , frankly , to suggest that it is , as I think that he knows , denigrates the work done by the Maze consultation panel . It came up with proposals and a way forward on all this , and it would be best to remember the words of the Deputy First Minister , who said yesterday : " I am not arguing for any kind of shrine ... If we want a conflict transformation centre , then it has to concentrate on how we resolve conflict . "
As the hon Gentleman knows , the historical inquiries team was specifically set up by the Chief Constable to focus on providing resolution , where possible , for the families affected by those deaths in a way that would command the confidence of the wider community . There is no question but that it has been successful , particularly in its specific purpose of engaging with families . As for prosecutions , that is , of course , a matter for the Chief Constable .
Undoubtedly , the costs of the Bloody Sunday inquiry are higher than many people would like . Of course , the Government are committed to ensuring not only that the inquiry has the resources to do the job , but that we can bring about best value for money for the public purse . The fact of the matter is that , as the right hon Gentleman knows , justice must take its course . The inquiry has had to interview more than 900 witnesses . There have been endless judicial review proceedings . None the less , it is now proceeding towards its end , and we expect and hope that its resolution will come soon .
The conduct of most of the inquiries that are taking place is already set out , and they are already proceeding along their courses . A number of inquiries are under way . I am not quite sure which inquiry the hon Gentleman is referring to , but I am happy to discuss that with him or to pursue it by letter . Of course , inquiry matters are for me to set out , but once under way , they are matters for the chairman or the judge involved .
There is no question in anybody 's mind of inquiries being confused with vendettas . The inquiries are there precisely to establish the truth , and it is absolutely right that they continue to do so . However , the hon Gentleman makes an important point about the future of inquiries and how we handle the past . That is why my predecessor—I pay tribute to the work that he did not only in this area , but during his entire time as Secretary of State for Northern Ireland over the previous two years—set up the consultative group . Its purpose , under Robin Eames and Denis Bradley , is to see whether , across the entire community of Northern Ireland , we can find a consensus on how to deal with the past . There is no question but that we must continue to discover the truth about the past . That will never be sacrificed . However , we also have to find a way to deal with the past that does not leave us in a divided past , but allows us to use our inquiries as a way of healing for the future .
I welcome the hon Gentleman to his post and I am sure that he will be extremely successful . I also welcome the co - operation that he has already offered me in my job . I agree with most of what he said , but , on the other hand , I can not second - guess the outcome of the work of Lord Eames and Denis Bradley . I have every confidence that if a consensus can be found on how to deal with the past for the future , they are the people who will help to find it from within the community . It is my intention to publish the findings of their report , but that will be based on consultation with them .
Since the hon Gentleman invites me to look at the past , and the time when we were both elected , I will say to him that it took me two years to realise that the Conservatives were the party of the past and that Labour remains and will be the party of the future . Even though he has remained in the Conservative party for eight years longer than I did , if he wants to come across now , I am sure that we can always find a place for him here . In relation to the hon Gentleman 's question about the cost of future inquiries , in the case of the four public inquiries currently under way , we anticipate further expenditure of about £ 60 million . We have set aside for the historical inquiries team £ 34 million , of which £ 10 million has already been spent , leaving a further £ 24 million , which we expect to be spent by the various agencies in Northern Ireland in looking at the past .
The hon Gentleman is right to point out that we need to deal with not just the supply of , but the demand for , illegal drugs in prisons . I was at Hydebank Wood prison earlier this week , and I saw the work of an organisation called Opportunity Youth , which works to support , help and counsel young people there . Its results are very good , in terms of lowering recidivism rates and ensuring a worthwhile future for those young people . When the director brings his recommendations to me , I expect him to include measures that will give people support and help in dealing with their addiction problems .
Of course , sentencing is a matter for the judiciary , rather than Ministers , but I know that the hon Gentleman is concerned with the need to make sure that for serious offences , particularly sexual crime and drugs offences , the punishment fits the crime . I can tell him and the rest of the House that later in the year I will bring forward proposals for a reform of the sentencing framework in Northern Ireland , which will include the possibility of tougher sentences for dangerous and violent offenders .
Of course my hon Friend is right : the problem of drugs in prisons , regrettable as it is , is not unique to Northern Ireland . It affects the prison system in Scotland , England and Wales , too , and it requires drug testing to take place . There are also issues of support for those with an addiction problem . I assure him that we will continue to pay attention to the subject , and to invest in it , and we will continue to learn about what works best from prisons in other jurisdictions .
We take drug misuse and drug trafficking very seriously indeed , and I can assure the hon Lady that there is close co - operation between the Garda Siochana and the Police Service of Northern Ireland to deal with the issue . I give them my full support as the Minister , and also as the chairman of the organised crime taskforce . We must stop drugs poisoning the lives of young people in communities in Northern Ireland , and none of us should rest until that is the case .
I have studied the case that the Opposition have been making . Last week they quoted the National Association of Probation Officers , which says that it is not opposed to the end - of - custody licences . It has no objection in principle to them at all . As for the hon Gentleman 's point about tagging and home detention curfew , the people who were let out were let out four and a half months early under home detention curfew . The people who were let out in the past few weeks were let out on 6 July , whereas otherwise they would have been let out on 24 July . There was only 18 days ' difference . The major change that we have made as a Government over the past few weeks is to build more prison places , which the Opposition could not afford because they would not have the money to do it .
Let me join my hon Friend in expressing my sympathy to all the people in the Gloucester , Tewkesbury and related areas who have suffered an enormous amount of inconvenience as a result of the storms and then the floods . I also pay tribute to the emergency services—the police , the fire services , the Army and all those who have worked to try to get supplies into the areas and to make sure that the utilities are back serving the people . My hon Friend is right that Mythe water station failed . He is right that we would like it back in use as quickly as possible . He is also right that all the civil engineering capacity that can be brought to bear is being brought to bear . The water works were polluted . There is , therefore , a danger that the water pouring out from there would contaminate local people . We have made it clear to the Severn water company that it has to provide the bowsers for the area . Nine hundred have already been provided , and 900 will be provided within the next day . Drinking water is being provided through the retail stores . I think that the company has discharged its duty in ensuring that that water is available . Obviously we want Mythe water station back as quickly as possible . I will visit the area later today , and I have invited the hon Member for Tewkesbury ( Mr. Robertson ) and Gloucestershire Members on both sides of the House to join me on that visit , when we will see at first hand how things are progressing . I think that the House owes a debt of gratitude to all the emergency services , and we will do everything we can to get supplies restored as quickly as possible .
I am grateful to the right hon Gentleman . I hope that the whole House will agree on our thanks to all the emergency services . I have seen at first hand the superb work they are doing , and I look forward to meeting them later today . I also agree that the sympathies that go out to those who have been disconnected and those who are without vital supplies are shared by the whole House . We will have to consider what is to happen in the future . Of course , the main thing at the moment is to make people secure , to prevent any further incidents , and to do what we can to give people the supplies that they need . The review was set up as a result of what happened in Yorkshire and Humberside . It is to help us to understand why the flooding has been so extensive and why we are seeing such extreme weather conditions , but also to learn lessons for the future . The siting of infrastructure is one issue that I think that the right hon Gentleman will agree about ; the provision of supplies for dealing with floods is another . Drainage is an issue that has become particularly relevant because of what is happening on the roads . All those issues will be investigated in full , and I believe that the report that he will see when it comes out later this year will be extensive in considering both what has happened and what needs to be done . I hope that there will be an all - party consensus that we need to invest more in preventing floods in the future .
This is a very serious matter , because it affects people 's confidence in television stations . Those people who are running competitions and telephone lines rely on the general public having confidence in what they are doing . I will certainly have the talks that my hon Friend suggests , but it is a matter for those authorities to sort out , and they should do it quickly .
I am grateful to the right hon and learned Gentleman because that is exactly what we have to do . If we are dealing with extreme weather conditions , as we are , and if we are dealing with the situation that we found in Yorkshire and Humberside , and particularly in Gloucester , where a month 's rain fell within an hour , we have to look at whether the precautions we have taken in the past are satisfactory , whether infrastructure is sited in the right place , and whether drainage arrangements made in the 19th and 20th centuries are suitable for 21st century conditions . I assure him that the review has sufficiently wide terms of reference—I could read them out , but I shall pass them on to him—for all these issues to be looked at . But again , all parties will have to agree that further expenditure on infrastructure will be necessary , and that it will be a public expenditure requirement for the country .
I am grateful to my hon Friend . I have looked at the issue from time to time . I realise that he is passing judgment on a former Chancellor of the Exchequer when he makes his comments about what has happened to the taxation of bingo . I assure him that the current Chancellor will continue to consider those matters and that I too am happy to meet him to discuss them .
The agreement that we got on the budget is good for Britain . It means that we will make a proper contribution— [ Interruption . ]
My hon Friend raises an important issue , which is very much part of the spending review that we are undertaking so that we can do more for children in the establishments that she mentioned and recognise their needs . I believe that all parties accept that we undervalued what we needed to do in the past . The review that is taking place will make for better policy for the future . I am happy to talk to my hon Friend about those issues so that we can agree on a proper way forward .
I see , Mr. Speaker , that we are quickly back to the old agenda . I have to tell the right hon Gentleman that , if he examines each aspect of the treaty and what we secured in our negotiations , he should support it , not oppose it . The first issue is the charter of rights—it is non - justiciable in British law , so we secured our negotiating objective . The second is justice and home affairs—we have an opt - in , so we secured our negotiating objective . The third issue is security , foreign affairs and defence policy , which remains intergovernmental , so we secured our objective . The fourth is social security—no expenditure affecting us will be made without an emergency brake that we can put on , so we secured our negotiating objective . National security will remain a matter for individual Governments , so we secured our negotiating objective . He might be better off , in the interests of unity within his own party , looking at what the chair of his democracy taskforce said only a few days ago . He said that , as a result of what we had negotiated , a European referendum would be " crackpot " , " dotty " and " frankly absurd " .
Obviously , we want decent pay for all workers in this country , but we must also tackle inflation , and people have to accept settlements that will ensure that inflation is low in the years to come . While I want to see justice for every low - paid worker in this country , we have to remember that if we do not win the battle against inflation , we will have a bigger problem next year or the year after . That is why I believe that all workers should look at pay settlements as a means by which we can conquer inflation over the next few months .
We will meet our responsibilities in Iraq . They are responsibilities in relation to the United Nations and to the new , democratic Iraqi Government . We have reduced the number of troops from 44,000 to 5,500 , and in three provinces we have moved from a combat role to an overwatch role . We will have to make a decision about moving to an overwatch role in a fourth province . I do not think that we would be doing the Iraqi Government or our commitments to the United Nations any service by setting an artificial timetable now . I agree with the hon Gentleman , however , that we must support the effort in Afghanistan . It is the front line against the Taliban , and this is where we would like to see greater burden sharing by all our NATO and other allies . It is also where our Army and our defence forces are doing an excellent job , as they are in Iraq . Where the Army and the defence forces ask for extra and new equipment in Iraq and Afghanistan , it is being provided . We have already spent £ 0.75 billion on updating the equipment that is available to the forces , and , in Afghanistan in particular , I was able to announce new helicopters for our forces for this year and next year . I hope that the hon Gentleman will agree that , when it comes to the provision of equipment to deal with these emergencies , we have been forthcoming in providing the resources necessary .
I want to praise my hon Friend 's campaign on behalf of her constituents in the light of the terrible damage and injuries that have been inflicted . We share her concern to do everything that we can to minimise scalding as a result of failures in hot water systems . We are working closely with the industry to provide guidance and training to those who install and maintain hot water systems , and to review building regulations , which are important in regard to determining what further action is necessary . I shall be happy to meet my hon Friend and her campaigners to talk about these issues .
The former First Minister has done an excellent job for Scotland . During his period in office , and those of his predecessors , 250,000 jobs were created in Scotland . I believe that the state of the Scottish economy is due in no small part to the work of this Government with the Labour Scottish Administration , when they were in power . I hope that the hon Gentleman 's party will do nothing to damage the economic record that has brought such prosperity to Scotland .
I am grateful to my hon Friend , who has always taken an interest in the ordering of aircraft carriers . The announcement on them is being eagerly awaited in Portsmouth , Glasgow , Rosyth and Barrow and , indeed , throughout the UK maritime industry . This is a major project for the future of the shipbuilding industry , and a major addition to the strategic strength of the Royal Navy , and I hope that he will be pleased by the announcement that the Defence Secretary is going to make in a few minutes .
I have to tell the right hon Gentleman that in both the Scottish and Welsh elections , nearly 70 per cent . of voters voted against separatist parties . Even after the elections that he referred to , there is no majority for separation and no majority for independence in either Scotland or Wales . I would have thought that the Conservative party had learned its lesson on these issues . When the leader of the Conservative party is in Scotland , he says that he supports devolution wholeheartedly , but when he is in England , he says that he has doubts about whether it should happen at all . [ Interruption . ] Oh yes . I believe that the Conservative party should make up its mind and support the Union and devolution .
My hon Friend is absolutely right . When the employment figures were published last week , 29 million people were in work—2.5 million more than in 1997 . That is as a result of the new deal—opposed by the Conservative party ; the minimum wage—opposed by the Conservative party ; and new measures in public expenditure—opposed by the Conservative party . We will continue to do the right thing to create jobs in this country .
I note with sympathy the hon Gentleman 's point about Swindon . He will appreciate that it is for British Rail to decide on its refurbishment programme . Refurbishment is extremely beneficial to those vehicles and produces one that is as attractive as a new one to passengers . The hon Gentleman must understand that Government support to British Rail is now at the highest level ever . In those circumstances , it is for British Rail to make the best use of its resources for carrying out improvements of the type for which he asks .
I understand and sympathise with my hon Friend 's point about commuters ' problems . He will be encouraged to know that the programme of refurbishing vehicles that run on the third rail system applies with special benefit in Kent , where that system operates . I hope , therefore , that his constituents who are travellers will find their conditions of travel much improved by the refurbishing programme .
I accept all the terms of my hon Friend 's question . He is right to emphasise the importance of those matters to commuters . They are never out of our minds in the Department .
Yes , but the hon Gentleman must take account of the reasons for the financial problems of the British Railways Board . They are created by a loss of traffic and are aggravated by senseless and irresponsible strikes . Government support is at the highest level ever , but it is for British Rail to settle the problems of industrial disputes and move towards modern working practices that will make good use of investment .
I am sure that my right hon and learned Friend will be grateful for the right hon Gentleman 's attention to his sartorial needs and concerns . With regard to the provision of sleeper services , it is mainly a matter for British Rail and its marketing division to provide services for which there is a demand . I shall see that the matter is drawn to the attention of the chairman of British Rail .
Not yet . The success of the east coast main line investment rests on making the inter - city business profitable . That has been recognised by British Rail , and was made clear by the Government as long ago as 1981 . I am still awaiting the board 's revised proposals on how that profitability is to be achieved . Until I have received those , it is not possible to reach a decision .
As the hon Gentleman will recall from our debates last week , the Government have agreed to raise to a maximum of 60 per cent . the grants for encouraging the movement of road freight on to rail through rail facilities at warehouses . The Government recognise that , but neither British Rail freight nor the interests of the nation would demand that there should be artificial protection for the rail freight industry . On the contrary , British Rail management wants to compete on fair terms , but to do so it must have efficiency , the removal of restrictive practices and high efficiency operations on the railways .
Nothing of that kind has been raised either with myself or with the Government , but I shall draw my hon Friend 's remarks to the attention of the chairman of British Rail .
I meet the chairman frequently to discuss various matters of mutual interest .
I have long taken the view that we need to appraise whether the considerable sums paid by the taxpayer to British Rail are securing the social service—over and above the commercial service—that is required . It was in the light of that view that we set up the Serpell committee to look at both this and longer - term questions . That committee will be reporting fairly soon .
I certainly hope that the conclusions of the Serpell report can be published , but I must take a view on the basis of the report , which I have not yet seen . As to a debate , I shall draw the hon Gentleman 's views to the attention of my right hon Friend the Leader of the House .
I should like to encourage those initiatives wherever possible . My hon Friend is aware that with regard to freight wagons , the arrangements combine private capital and operations on the railway . The chairman of British Rail has recently expressed interest in the idea of harnessing private investment for the Victoria - Gatwick link , and I have no doubt that there are other possibilities . That is one way of bringing more investment and capital in to improve our railways , a way to which we should not close our minds .
I accept what the hon and learned Gentleman says about the increased danger on the roads at this time of year . Motorists would do well to observe the speed limits . However , since we started the longer crossovers and the shorter length of road under repair , the accident rate on all the sections has fallen dramatically . That is good news . But too high a speed in bad road conditions will cause accidents .
I frequently ask for more statistics so that we can see whether there is any casual relationship , but hon Members would be wrong to draw the conclusion that accidents are necessarily more prevalent at road works . Accidents arise from a combination of factors . Often the most important factor is that drivers fail to reduce speed when conditions demand that they should .
I am not aware of any prosecutions , but I shall look into the matter further .
My hon Friend is right to draw attention to that . It is a matter of great concern . We all welcome the prospect of more investment in new equipment and rolling stock for British Rail , but it is essential that when the investment takes place the equipment is worked with proper manning levels and without restrictive practices . Until there is a change in the present situation , it is difficult to win public confidence and support for further improvement of the British Rail system and the investment that we all want .
Yes , I agree with that . The HST programme has been particularly successful , although in some senses internationally underrated . The 125 mph high speed diesel trains are a remarkable railway achievement .
Yes . I hope that the results of the Serpell committee inquiry will help to disentangle which parts of the railway are run for social reasons and which parts are or should be run commercially .
The hon Gentleman may not be aware that final agreement has not yet been secured . It is the subject of current negotiations . I am anxious that British Rail should be able to move forward on all the agreements that were signed in 1981 but have not yet been delivered . Those agreements are a precondition for the successful working of existing investment , let alone new investment .
The hon Gentleman completely misrepresents the facts . I point out to him very firmly that since May 1979 revenue support to public transport has risen in cash and in real terms . I hope that he will go away and think seriously about that , as it shows what rubbish his question was .
My hon Friend is absolutely right to emphasise the importance for the quality of life generally of efficient public transport . The way to get public transport fares under control is through higher productivity , worthwhile investment and responsible wage settlements . Throwing money away on irresponsible current subsidies makes it impossible to finance the investment that could cut costs and make the services more attractive .
As the hon Gentleman knows , it is for Essex county council to decide what support should be given to that line . The fact that fares in London have risen 40 per cent . more than the retail prices index makes one think very seriously about the policies of the GLC.
I know that the director of London Transport is very concerned at the loss of revenue through fraud and is considering various measures to decrease that loss .
I understand that there have been problems in a small minority of cases , about some of which my hon Friend has written to me . Our current aim is to handle 90 per cent . of transactions within 10 days . When we have an on - line rather than a batch processing system we shall be able to deal with far more inquiries instantaneously . I assure my hon Friend that we are providing for the continuation of the old system until the new system is fully operational , with the help of private computer consultants .
The Driver and Vehicle Licensing Centre at Swansea and the local vehicle licensing offices now employ 5,500 people . That is 1,500 fewer posts than when the Government took office , despite a 4 per cent . increase in work load . We are continually reviewing the way in which jobs are carried through to make the service more efficient . The VED system was examined in 1979 by the then Secretary of State for Transport , my right hon Friend the Member for Sutton Coldfield ( Mr. Fowler ) , and the Government decided not to abolish vehicle excise duty because of the effect on rural motorists and business users .
I remind the House that I never expected the transfer to proceed immediately . The Act that permits the transfer received Royal Assent only a few weeks ago . Discussions are continuing well towards agreement . I hope that agreement will be reached , because the Government 's declared aim has been to transfer all 91 stations together . At present we are not considering any other solution .
As my answer will have shown the hon Gentleman , the investment ceiling is not one of those constraints . The answer to the hon Gentleman 's question must lie in British Rail containing its operating costs and in generating the funds available for investment up to the substantial ceiling that I have outlined .
I was delighted to visit my hon Friend 's constituency recently , but I cannot—
I had a very pleasant time . However , I can not answer that question . There are later questions concerning the Channel tunnel . At the moment financial viability is being examined by a group of banks . They have not yet reached a conclusion , but , when they do , I shall be in a position to advise my hon Friend further .
I have not yet had such specific proposals put before me .
I am grateful to my hon Friend for that invitation . It is nice to be in demand .
The precise arrangements for the use of the train are a matter for British Rail . These are matters that should be announced by and referred to the chairman of British Rail .
Church Street is not a trunk road and it does not come within the provisions that I specified . My right hon Friend was not consulted when the GLC introduced the proposal for the scheme . I understand that the proposal is on an experimental basis , limited in time . If the GLC wishes to proceed with a permanent order , it must be advertised locally and nationally and the public must be given a right to object .
I should need to consider carefully an answer to that question . If I may , I shall write to my hon Friend .
I sympathise with those in rural areas who can not get the bus services that they wish . That is why we have encouraged the development of community transport and shared taxi systems , which are already running well in many parts of the country , and in which I expect to see a growth in the months ahead .
The hon Gentleman has got it wrong . Bus revenue support in 1982–83 was £ 260 million - about 20 per cent . higher than in the previous year . Rural services have not suddenly started to decline . They have been declining for many years . The Transport Act 1980 opened up new opportunities for rural areas , which have been taken up gladly in many parts of the country .
My hon Friend 's proposals are attractive . Few bus companies can afford to run widely flung services in areas where there is insufficient demand for them to run with a sensible pricing system . We shall examine the results of any such experiment with great care . We believe that the money that we pay in subsidy , however it is paid , must be put to the best use for people who need to travel .
The hon Gentleman quotes many statistics . He should have listened to what I said . Rural services have been declining for many years . The 1980 Act made it easier for the small private operator to work routes which were uneconomic for the large operators .
The last time that the hon Gentleman raised that matter I explained that with regard to transport Staffordshire county council was treated favourably when compared with other councils .
There is widespread support for my hon Friend 's comments .
There is some good sense in the hon Gentleman 's point . We are in favour of having fares as low as possible and public transport to being as good as possible . The essential requirements are a sensible level of subsidy , which we are providing , sensible levels of service , tailored to needs , and efficient operation to prevent subsidies being wasted . By following those principles the resources can be created to improve the services .
I know that that point troubles my hon Friend . A decision about subsidies is essentially one for Essex county council .
The right hon Gentleman knows that the claim of the South Yorkshire metropolitan authority to have increased passengers by 7 per cent . has been accompanied by an admission that its subsidy has risen by no less than 600 per cent . One has to judge whether that enormous cost has yielded an adequate benefit . One of the industry 's great problems is to ensure that investment is related to achieving an effective return in improved services .
The Government 's view is that there should not merely be acceptance by the hauliers , but that the existing powers , which my hon Friend played no small part in providing , should be used more vigorously . The Government are determined to see that they are so used . We have said that our decisions on the transport supplementary grant will be influenced by the vigour with which various county councils make use of the restrictions on the movement of heavy lorries .
I am not aware of having received such a request . The subject of repairs to the Severn bridge has received close consideration and the matter is proceeding . My right hon Friend the Secretary of State for Wales and I are reviewing the longer - term needs of the Severn bridge .
The Government have decided substantially to increase the bypass programme , but that is not the only reason for the support for our much more comprehensive package of lorry controls . We need to tackle all aspects of the matter—the quality of the vehicles , where they go , where they are routed , bypasses and enforcement . The overall package has rightly been welcomed , because those aspects have been neglected for many years .
The heavy defeat was partly because common sense is on the side of fuller loads on quieter and more efficient lorries and because a good many of the hon Gentleman 's hon Friends in the trade union movement realised that a vote against the regulations was a vote against jobs , about which the hon Gentleman waxes eloquent , and rightly stayed away .
I give my hon Friend an absolute assurance on both points .
There are well - established procedures for people retiring from the public service , setting out the jobs that they are permitted to take , and the procedures will be fully followed .
I believe that that supplementary question relates to a later question .
The recent White Paper made it clear that all Departments had to respond to the FMI by early next year . The Management and Personnel Office and the Treasury will be reporting to the House .
That is not a reasonable statement of the position . The numbers are being reduced from the 732,000 when we came to office to 630,000 by 1 April 1984 . We are down to 655,000 and are on target to achieve the reduction . Adjustments are being made to the numbers of civil servants to take account of different work loads . I hope that the right hon Gentleman will join me in deploring the call for a one - day strike in the DHSS and regretting the action , which will hurt the general public .
The Ministry of Defence already has elaborate management control systems . Although Minis is relevant , I do not necessarily believe that transplanting it from the Department of the Environment to the Ministry of Defence would be appropriate . The reports coming forward will come to the House next year and will fully set out what has been done in all Departments .
Will the Minister discuss the possibility of giving civil servants greater freedom of speech ? For example , would it not have been to great public advantage had we known earlier the views of Mr. Andrew Britton , the former under - secretary at the Treasury , who yesterday stated that the Government 's monetarist policies had done virtually nothing for the economy 's underlying problems and accused them of persisting with an economic strategy that had no firm intellectual base ?
That was a particularly cheap question . This House 's concern is public expenditure , and no public expenditure was involved with any of those who have been visitors at Dorneywood during my time—particularly where there have been personal visitors , I have paid the bill , and properly so . I do not think that such matters are accountable to this House , which has been the position with all previous Cabinet Ministers who have used Dorneywood . I reiterate the point that the visitors book is the property of the trust . The hon Gentleman has confirmed his reputation in this House for being famously boring , as The Times has said .
The significant thing about my visits to China , of which there have been nine since we have been in government , is that they have been about relations between China and the United Kingdom , which have improved considerably—I am prepared to accept that that was not solely due to my actions . I discussed those relationships and other matters , such as human rights , with the delegation mentioned by my hon Friend . I think that those discussions have led to an improvement , and I look forward to further visits to China for further discussions .
I did not say that .
My hon Friend has made a good point . In the discussions with Premier Wen and the mayor of Beijing , we considered establishing principles for the Olympic villages in London and Beijing to reflect sustainability and environmental targets . We have reached an agreement , and I hope that the two Olympic sites will show the Olympic movement that it is possible to build villages that meet the highest levels of sustainability and environmental objectives .
I will obviously leave others to make judgments about that . With regard to the croquet , the set was provided by the ex - Chancellor , the right hon and learned Member for Rushcliffe ( Mr. Clarke ) . Members of my Department wished to play croquet , and I think that we enjoyed the game , quite frankly . I know that a lot was made of it being during working hours , but I notice that there are not many people here today during working hours . Perhaps some are at Ascot , and the Daily Mail will be there photographing them— [ Interruption . ]
Yes .
My hon Friend is entirely right . The third sector can play an important role in innovating and getting close to the user , which the public sector sometimes can not . For Labour Members , the fact that we have increased public spending since 1997 to deliver improved public services is absolutely consistent with an increased role for the third sector in delivery . Using the third sector is not about Government abdicating their responsibilities to fund public services adequately .
The hon Lady raises an important point about the operation of the Criminal Records Bureau in relation to volunteers . One of the important things about the CRB is that volunteers do not get charged for having the check done . She is right that there is a balance to be struck between the necessary protections that we need and ensuring that it is not done in a bureaucratic way . We are working with the CRB on streamlining the process for the voluntary sector and will continue to work on that in the coming months .
I agree with my hon Friend about the role that campaigning organisations play . I hope that there can be consensus about this in the House . I was concerned to see the remarks by the right hon Member for Chingford and Woodford Green ( Mr. Duncan Smith ) , who is not in the House today , and who said of Make Poverty History : " My concern is that if everybody comes together for one movement you get only one concept prevailing and it locks out alternative thinking . " In my view , Make Poverty History , as an umbrella group for the development movement , was incredibly effective and led to the massive strides that have been made in the past couple of years on debt and development .
That was a long and complicated question . [ Hon Members : " Answer it . " ] I will . The hon Gentleman says that the Conservative party is united behind Make Poverty History , but the man appointed to be in charge of social justice for the party said that it locked out alternative voices . That does not sound like unity behind Make Poverty History . There has been a big growth in social enterprise in the past eight or nine years , partly because of what has been done . That includes the Phoenix fund , the support for community development finance institutions and the work of regional development agencies . Part of the role of the new office of the third sector is to bring together the work on social enterprise in one Department so that there is a further increase in social enterprise in the coming years .
My hon Friend is right to draw attention to the role of worklessness in tackling child poverty . There are specific problems in South Tyneside—as he knows , I know the area well . I am working closely with my right hon Friend the Secretary of State for Work and Pensions and my hon Friend the Minister for Employment and Welfare Reform so that we can work with people in South Tyneside—for example , employers and other partners—to get people into work and to sustain them in work , thus enabling them to lift themselves and their children out of poverty . Tackling worklessness and inactivity , especially among those on benefits , remains our top priority and we are determined to work on that so that all children , including those in South Tyneside , get the life chances that they deserve .
I welcome the hon Gentleman to his new post . He knows that we are not satisfied and we will continue to strive to do better . I know that he respects the academic John Hills from the London School of Economics , whose recent book states : " The package of support for low - income working families with children is now one of the most generous in the world . " That has been critical to tackling the problem . The hon Gentleman also knows that tax credits benefit 6 million families with 10 million children . In total , 20 million people live in households that benefit from tax credits . Of course we want to do better . I look forward to his working with us to ensure that we can eliminate child poverty .
My hon Friend is absolutely right . Child care provision under this Government has increased substantially , and we have put in place a framework to enable access to child care for every family throughout the country . The Sure Start programme has played an important part in achieving that . We particularly want to enable lone parents to get back into work , and , as my hon Friend the Member for Jarrow ( Mr. Hepburn ) highlighted , worklessness is a particular problem for lone parents . So we will continue the drive to increase the opportunities for the children of lone parents , and child care is part of that package .
