Yeah.
Yeah, I'm pretty happy, but it was -- I wasn't playing well today, but he retired, and I was just lucky, guess.
No, no. I didn't know, no.
Um, because there is more players, top players. Many pros are practicing there, and many coach.
Oh, because the one, the guy helps me, his name is Mr. Morita. He send me there, yeah.
When I was 13, so almost five years now.
What do you mean, contract?
Yeah.
Congrats. I haven't talked to him yet, so... Yeah.
I don't know why he retired, still. But he wasn't moving well. Seemed his legs, I guess.
I tried to go to the net more often, because he was using slice a lot. I tried to make more first serve. He get more pressure when I hit, when I make first serve. Yeah, tried to go aggressive.
Twice a year.
One tournament, and two, three weeks of vacation in November or December.
Yeah, but they come to tournament sometimes. Like here, they're here now, too. They came Wimbledon.
Yeah, but many friends went with me, Japanese guy. So I wasn't -- I wasn't like homesick. But now sometimes I get homesick.
Yeah. Two guys and one coach, as well.
They're in college in Japan.
College.
Yeah.
I doubt that. I mean, he's quite young and he still have future in front. It was good for him beating Ljubicic here. I was a bit more lucky to pull it out.
You mean when I'm 6-3?
No. Facing three match points down, I mean, not much can be done. I mean, if I put two aces, he put one more ace on his serve and it's gone.
No. It was nothing like that. I mean, he played that tiebreak very well, and he didn't really seem that he's gonna choke or in some way he's gonna underestimate it. So he was playing really well. The mistake he done was actually unexpected from me.
It was nice, I mean, except that 99.9% of the people were against me. But yes. (Laughter.)
Well, I mean, I've played Davis Cup, so I quite know the atmosphere is going around. So there's nothing can be done about it. I mean, people supporting one person, you just can't tell them, Guys, cheer for me. But I'm glad that they did really appreciate some nice points we played. They really clapped for both sides more or less, so it was fair.
Well, actually the longer rain delay wasn't any good for me because I felt more stiff when I got back on the court. I was a bit, I would say, dead. (Laughter.) So it was really hard time for me to get back into the rhythm, and he used it. I've done some big mistakes on my serve and he broke me. He just took his chance.
Yeah, but, I mean, that was bad. I mean, I hit it hard. I just missed -- completely missreturned [sic], and I hit it hard. I saw the guy just fell off the chair there. I felt sorry for him.
Well, the thing is that when you're facing a player that you never seen playing before, you always -- you know, you don't know what you can expect. And if he's beaten Ljubicic in the first round in four sets, then your expectations are going up a bit bigger. It's not easy to beat Ivan on hardcourt. So basically he played the way I expected. So he come in a lot, he got a great serve, moving around really well. It was really long and tough match today.
Well, to do good to him, I'm not gonna say any good of him. Because usually, you know, when the young guy's coming up, I mean, and they have all this publicity and everybody saying they're gonna be, they're gonna be, they're gonna be, and in the end they're just losing it. So I would say he got a huge amount of work to do. Huge amount. (Laughter.) Like hours and hours of practice. But he got a reputation.
No. Actually I cannot believe -- I can't really be angry in myself in the fifth set, because I've done two mistakes on my serve; I lost it when I was a break up. I've done one mistake in tiebreak, and I was 6-3. I can't really say I was playing or I missed some easy shots which put me in that position, so I just lucky to pull out winner in the end.
It was not easy. If I would say that, I just spend another eight hours on court in the last three days again, and today was another four hours. So it was not easy at all. It was just a lot of pressure, and they were screaming. And then when the court was slippery they started booing. I understand everything, but I don't understand booing when the court is slippery and you can twist your ankle. People just don't understand it.
I don't remember. I have a short memory, but I don't remember I had any big matches like this in my junior career, because I didn't have that much chances to get any big tournament as a junior, unfortunately.
More or less you know what you can expect. It's great that Americans are supporting their players hard. But I mean, it's part of the game.
No, I doubt that there was many people from post Soviet Union in my match. I don't really think that -- I heard some people cheering in Russian, so I don't know. Maybe 20, maybe 50. But if there's 50 against, I don't know, how big is Grandstand? Couple of thousand. So not easy.
Well, I would say it's a turning point for my Grand Slam career, because unfortunately before I was not able, or due to bad draws, I would say. But it's an excuse. I was unable to pass through two rounds. So for me it's a great opportunity to play third round. I would say it's a huge turning point in my career, because New Haven was the second title this year. I had one before. It was my fourth in total, so I do have some experience in that. I'm still now looking for my game, still trying to get better in the game I'm playing.
Um, not really. I'm just -- as long as I'm on court I'm just trying to win, more or less, and I'm trying to win every point, or, you know, sometimes put a little show in there. But I'm just trying to enjoy it. I'm just trying at the moment not to be angry on myself if I'm losing.
Yeah, I do.
Second serve, I think. Seriously, I don't know if it was soft or not soft. I know he missed it and that was enough for me.
For me or for the other guy?
In his game?
It's very physical, because if you serve and volley a lot, you need to really, first of all be focused, and then secondly you have to be fit. Running forward is actually sometimes harder than running side to side. After four hours, it's not easy at all. You still have to be focused to finish that volley, which I didn't actually in the fifth set couple of times. So just a little physical. And seriously, you have to be in every point. Because I mean, you just can't miss two easy shots, and, Oh, I got to get back in the rallies. You have to put that serve in and you have to finish it.
The game is not giving too much rhythm to the opponent. Unfortunately, Ryan is playing the same style. We were having no rhythm and we were serving good. So I mean, our rallies were not so interesting, I would say, from the baseline as the other matches. But that was just due to because two players of the more or less same style faced each other.
Once again, I just think that...
Well, I wouldn't say it's been dominating. The tennis in the past ten years get really physical, and really everybody is moving very well around the court. It's not easy to play, let me say soft balls in tennis these days. I mean, if you just play it short, the guy is just gonna kill it. They don't really give a damn if you play a slice or spin it. When I'm playing good, more or less when I'm feeling the ball good, it's not easy for them to play against me. But then, you know, if you have a bad day or just played a half meter short or just a meter shorter than usually, then they just dominate you. They move you around the court, and after one set you're burned out.
Yeah, it was very tough for me, especially that I've been here all day and wasn't really ready and was -- I felt very flat on the court and very tight.  Not motivated enough. I just didn't have that inside of me, especially in the first two sets.  Then it turned inhe third set finally and I start -- you know, I wanted to win really bad and I said to myself, I'm going to give what I have and I will come through this match as a winner.  I'm not going to give up.  No matter what, I will do this and this is what I did. I played a lot better in the third set and managed to get through.  But I just was struggling and the balls were a little bit heavier because it was nighttime and quite humid.  It was different conditions out there and especially for being here all day, I was quite exhausted.  I had to drink coffee before the match to stay awake.  Even now I'm like falling asleep.
No.  But I just didn't know what to do.  My eyes were closing.  I couldn't manage it.  I said to my to the people from my team, Oh, God what am I supposed to do?  Just my reactions are very slow.
I practiced around 1:00, and the physios they tape me around 2:00.  They tape my blister and they were surprised it stayed the whole day.  Waiting and warming up a few times for my match, and just hang around the locker rooms.  It was very bad but at the end of day I'm very happy.  When you come up as a winner you don't care what happened.
Yeah, in the third set I let down.  I had a chance.  And I came back in the second set, I was down love-3, and then managed to come back in that set, and then I just let my opportunities slip away, and I was very frustrated with myself that I let it go.  I should have been done already an hour ago, but I didn't do the right thing and play the right game I was very flat. I thought I was waiting for her to give it to me and it just didn't happen.  I was kind of sluggish from side to side.  Not the best from my side.  But third set I get into it and I said, I will do it no matter what.  I'm just going to hang in there and move my feet and swing at the ball a lot faster and I'm gonna play aggressive and I'm gonna win.  Aggressive. I found this kind of energy inside of me and that's what I did, I came back.  Even I was tired and didn't feel the best, and I kind of motivated myself to get through and that's what I did. And also thanks to the crowd.  I had good supporters around the court and they kind of also lifted me to give my best when I really was struggling out there.  I thought maybe I cannot make it, but I did.
Yeah, when you're winning matches and you're not playing your greatest tennis, it's a good thing, but I would love, you know, if I would win in two sets and play great tennis and get out of this place as soon as possible, and not being with you guys at midnight.  That's the last thing I want to do. But when you win a match, you don't care what time you play it or whatever.  If I lost I would be very frustrated.  I wouldn't sleep all night.
Because out of three matches that were on my court, two matches were five sets.  As I warm up I think that the guys will finish, and then all of sudden the other guy comes back.
I didn't understand why they didn't move me to Arthur Ashe because they finished that match around 5:00.  They started the night match, I was in the suites resting, and I saw Henin go out at 7:20 or something, and I said I could have been done by the time she went on court because it was around 5:00, 5:15.  Even if I played two hours, they would go on court 7:30. Then I waited and went on the court the same time as Djokovic and he was second after 7.  I'm like oh, God, am I going survive this and drinking coffee.
No, didn't bother me, but I just didn't know what to do when I'm half asleep.  Like my eyes were kind of closing and I felt very slow motion.  You know, because you been around the courts at this place for almost like 12 hours.  What do I expect from myself?
I don't know, but that's what I've been doing lately.  I won a lot of matches, and this year I have quite big record, and I feel quite confident when it comes to the tight situations.  I feel that I can get through this even when I'm not at my best.  That's what helps me, being confident, winning all these matches.  So I feel I can get through no matter what.  Even if I'm not at my best and really struggling out there, very tired and, you know, maybe I have some pains or blisters or whatever I have, I don't think about that; all I care is to win the match no matter what.
I have no idea.  I just want to win everything.  I just don't care.  Nothing else is in my mind except winning.  That's all I care about.  I never think about losing.  Whoever I match up against, except for Justine for some reason, I cannot, you know, say that I'm winning against her.  That's the only one I have been struggling against.  But she's a No.1 player in the world and I cannot complain.  She's better for sure. But I'm working very hard to improve on my game and to add some things in my game.  Staying mentally tough is always important.  But I have a lot of improvement to do mentally, physically, everywhere in my game.  I have to keep going and maybe one day I'll reach No.1, maybe No.2.  Who knows what I'm doing.
I don't know why he say that?
Well, I was just try to play my game, try to get used to the clay court as soon as possible, playing deep with spin, like, you know, run and fight, you know, like normally you must play on clay court. Maybe he was also a little bit tired from yesterday. He have a three-set match yesterday, and it was my first match today. So maybe it was a little bit different about that. But I play good. I play good. I think I did a good match. I don't know how he felt today. But I was feeling good. You know, I was just trying to play my best here and trying to get the level from last year on clay court.
Well, I didn't make like unbelievable winners, but I played very solid. I didn't make unforced errors. I made some, but not a lot. And I play good, no? I play like with good style on clay. So, you know, that make me happy, no, with my match. I was practicing like this. So, you know, my expectations was to play like this, to play the same that I was practicing, not to play worse that I was practicing, no? So what I didn't expect is the result. I didn't expect to win 6-2, 6-1, but I was expecting to play like today.
Well, maybe. I play there three matches. I was practicing clay just two days before the tournament because I got there maybe three days before the tournament. And, you know, it was different. Now I have - I don't know, today is Tuesday, and I start practicing on clay last Sunday. So more than a week. Is different than Acapulco. But, you know, I think that like I had more time than in Acapulco, and also maybe that tournament helped me to get the rhythm easier and faster.
I do it in Miami, I think. Yeah, in America. Why? Because, you know, we were like watching many brands. I tried Yonex. But I was with problems in clay court. So finally we took the decision to don't keep playing with Yonex. And then in the United States, the USA, I tried Dunlop. But still we are trying to get a better racquet, no? So we are working on it. But I decide to sign with them for four years I think. I don't know, four or five.
Yeah.
You know, I think we are still working together with the racquet. I hope to get like the perfect racquet for Roland Garros. That's the goal.
The chances on clay from the French players?
Well, I think that they have like many good players. They are in a great level. But, yeah, maybe they are more like hard court players normally than clay court players. At the same time they could play also good on clay. Benneteau did quarterfinals in Roland Garros one year. Tsonga last year. You know, they are like so talent players, almost all the French guys. So I think that they can do it good in all the surface. But normally they get adapt easier I think for the hard court, no, like Benneteau, Llodra, like Tsonga, Simon, almost all of them. But I think that they can do also good results on clay.
I don't know. I don't know how they are mentally. I don't speak about that with them.
You know, I think they have one style of game, and maybe, like I said, they play more flat than you supposed to play on clay court. I don't really know. I also don't like to speak about another players.
Now he's injured. But if you put all the French players on the best shape, hundred percent, I think he's the one who made better results on clay. He did semifinals in Paris, and last year quarters, no? So I think also his style of game is more for clay. He's so solid on the baseline, he's so fast. Also he play like with more spin than maybe Benneteau, Llodra, Tsonga even. But Tsonga, he has very good serve, very good forehand. With this he can win matches in all surfaces. But I think Monfils, if I have to say one, I will take Monfils for clay, if I need to take a partner for my team. It's not just like play his tennis, but if I need to do it.
Well, definitely I'm disappointed. But I cannot expect winning players like Venus and Serena playing like I played. You know, I gave my best both matches, but I don't feel great. I mean, I don't feel the ball like, for example, I felt in Beijing, you know. I didn't play the great tennis, and that's why I lose.
I just don't feel it. I have my reasons, but I don't really want to talk about it (smiling).
I have to. It's not if I can. I have to do that. I have to go and play. I'll do my best. Definitely it's going to be hard. But I like playing her. Is going to be tough match. But I know if I play right, I going to have opportunities. I hope to take them.
It's okay.
Yes.
I have no idea (laughter). You ask me question, I answer. But I have no idea, I win, I lose. I know if I win, maybe I have a chance. I have to see. But if I lose, definitely no chance. But, you know, I have a tough group. I think I played three tough matches. It's much more positive than my past Championships. I think I know what to improve.
Definitely I will ask. I'm just curious how it works. If I lose, there's no chance. Everybody except Serena has two losses and one win. It's going to be curious.
You know, if I say I'm not, winning a Grand Slam title, I gonna be...
I mean, I saved season by winning French Open and Beijing. This is how I put it better. But the other tournaments was not so good.
I don't know what's wrong. I think I played a really good match today. Was close. I think was a great battle. Well, at the end was really tough because I just start to feel some things in 43 on the third set on my ankle and on my adductor. Well, after that was really tough and he start to play better and better and he is the winner.
Cramping?
I don't know really, but I need to check with my doctor right now after the press conference. But I think I don't feel a really good feeling.
Well, I think was tough because I couldn't serve really good because I was serving with all my body, with full power. After that, 43 in the third, I start to miss a lot of first serve. I think when you play second serve with David, was really tough to beat him. Well, I don't want to think about that because it's just 10 minutes I finish the match. Maybe I have time to think tomorrow or later. Not now.
I don't want to think about that. He is the No.4 of the world. He is the favorite. He beat me many times, but many matches were close.
I don't know if it was or not. But I remember in Cincinnati few years ago I was set up and 65 returning for the match, and I had three or four match point. But today was a big opportunity for me. Well, I gonna work to be ready for the next.
When you don't feel really good you start to think many things, but...
Well, I don't know if it's that moment, the most important moment of the match or not. I feel pain during all the end of the third set and fourth set. There was many, many chance. After that he return every point and was really tough to win a point. I'm disappointing with the tiebreak, but I need to work more to be ready to play with the top players.
If you not 100% to play, I don't know if it's mentally or not. I think I tried to play my best tennis today. I say few days ago with my last press conference I will try to play aggressive, I will try to play my best tennis, and I think I did today. Is not enough to beat David. But we'll see what happen in the future. I am ready to work and we'll see. I don't know. I don't want think that it's a mentality problem. If I have mentality problem, I think I didn't win the first two sets.
Well, I played a good first set, actually.  I was well into the match and played very aggressive and I did a good job in the first. And yeah, then lost a little bit of the intensity, a little bit of the rhythm on my serve.  Then I was leading 5-2 and then she came back and didn't move her -- it wasn't good enough at that time to finish the match. And then when she came back at 5-All I understood it was time to push myself a little bit more.  And I know in the next round it's going to be a good match for me to push myself and really come to another level.
Well, it's never really been a problem in the past.  I'm not a big fan of the first rounds in the Grand Slam, but you must win them.  Today I can complete the match a little bit earlier, and I didn't.  And, yeah, I just tried to stay focus on the main goals, important things, get ready for the next match.
I didn't see what happened.  I heard that this morning, but I didn't see what happened.
Oh, not really, no.  No, not at all.
Well, I didn't hear about that, but it's true that it's long.  It would be better for everyone if it could go faster, but I don't know the procedure and how it's working.  So I'm not an expert like to talk about that and to really give my opinion of -- I don't know how long it could take, and I think that, yeah, I don't have any real comment to do about that.
Yeah, it's long, but what can we say?  I don't know how it's working, so you better ask the authorities.  I'm not an expert on that.
I think as soon as you are tested positive you should be suspended at that time.
Yeah, it's a Grand Slam that I really like, but all Grand Slams are important to me.  Maybe Wimbledon little bit more because it's the only one I never won, but I'd love to win every Grand Slam two times, so, hey, it means a lot to me. I hope I can have great results here and in the future, this year and in the next years, but Wimbledon remains the one that all the attention is going to be on myself because it's the only one I never won. And here, I really love being here and I think it's a great atmosphere, so I really, really like it a lot.
Nothing.
No.  Maybe a few games of a men's match, but, no, nothing.  My mind was somewhere else.
Not really.  Maybe a year later, now that it's seems so far away from me, I can say I missed the tournament.  But I can tell you in January a year ago I really didn't miss my tennis at that time because there were more important issues in my life. So it's just a question of priorities and how you feel at that moment, so I didn't want to watch because tennis wasn't important anymore for me at the time.
I just needed more support on this leg today. I had her come out and give me more support, and that helped.
I think the extra tape helped.
Yeah, you know, it just seemed like unfortunately I -- you know, sometimes when you hit a few bad shots it's not as easy to reel it in, and things start to go a little bit quicker. You know, every now and then it happens to the best of us. I think this happened to Kim in Australia, so I think she knows what it's like. Wasn't the best day, but that's, I guess, sport sometimes. Of course, I expect a lot from myself, but I'll be ready for my next competition.
No, I think -- you know, I think it was more or less my groundstrokes. I mean, on my serve I go for it a lot, so that's kind of the norm. I mean, I did start missing more first serves in the second set, so that didn't help my cause.
I don't ever feel like it's not my day. I don't think that way.
I mean, obviously just against a player like Kim, if you make too many errors, you know, the match can go quickly. I mean, I think she hit eight winners, so it wasn't -- she played extremely solid, but it's not like I was blown off the court. Unfortunately I was my own worst enemy today.
