I think this is your biggest success right now, first Grand Slam, third round.
How would you describe it? Is it fantastic for you?
Do you know why he has retired?
Could you tell us a little bit yourself? You practiced at the Bollettieri Academy. Why did you choose that academy?
But you could choose, also, another one. Why did you choose Bollettieri?
How old have you been when you went...
Okay. And how is the contact with Mr. Bollettieri at the moment, for example?
Contact with him. I mean, do you speak with him after such a big victory, for example?
What does he say?
Did you get any sort of sense of why he retired? Did he seem to have an injury, or do you know what was in his mind?
Can you just talk about your match today, how you played.
How much time do you spend in Japan in a year, for example? Are you just staying in the States, or are you sometimes in Japan?
And just for a week or...
And your parents, they still live in Japan?
How hard was it for you when, 13 years, left your parents, left Japan to go to the States. Was it a big step for you?
Other players from Japan went with you to the States?
Where are they now? Are they still...
Japan?
So you're the only one that stayed?
There were some unhappy people at the USTA office. You broke their hearts here.
You aced him two straight. Did you feel that that was the breaker at that point, that he didn't return your serve at the end?
Exactly, 6-3.
When you returned it, did you say, Hey, I put this one in play; he's gonna probably crack it?
What was the overall atmosphere like out there?
That's gotta be a learning experience.
How did the rain delay affect you? You came out and held your serve, but then obviously he came back.
The crowd did cheer for you when you shook the cameraman's hand.
How surprised were you by Ryan? How much had you seen of him?
What do you think of his potential?
Are you still a little bit stunned that you did win this match in the end after being down three points after the back and forth and back and forth that it kind of ended so quickly in your mind?
How hard was it with the crowd? You may have answered this already. I came in late.
Do you remember a match where you lost when you were younger, maybe you had a chance to win that you really learned form that really helped you later on?
Do you have to tell yourself when the crowd is going like that, Okay, it's just because he's an American; it's nothing personal?
Do you think part of it also is you're from the Ukraine and they pulled out the old war words come back?
You come in coming off the win in New Haven, and you've reached for the first time your third round in a Grand Slam. If I'm not mistaken, do you feel now at 24 years of age coming in with, I would think, confidence off the New Haven win and now, you know, coming into the third round, do you feel right now this is a big turning point in your career?
Coming off the win, do you feel right now that your own expectations of yourself has risen?
So you're enjoying yourself?
When he was serving at match point, are you surprised he didn't try and hit a harder serve?
You have a very unique style of play. You have a similar style to your opponent today. What is complicated? What complicates that style of play for you?
For you.
No, just with your own game. It's very precise. You come to the net.
But like you also used the slice a lot and the chip in dropshots; you were hitting a bunch of dropshots.
So what would you say or what would your reaction be to people who would say it would be very refreshing to see your style of play and your matchup against Ryan today? Any comments on that?
The game has been dominated largely by power baseliners for a decade. What is your comment about people who would say you guys are bright lights for a very exciting, different style of play?
So what happened out there in that match?
Is that unusual for to you drink coffee before a match?
What time did you get here?
Last year you were against Henin your brain sort of froze on you.  It backfired on you.  Tonight, completely different circumstance but you stayed mentally strong.  Do you look upon that as something you were really concentrating, This time I'm going get through this?
You had a difficult match in the last round as well, is this going to affect your confidence going forward?
What was the hang-up today?  Why did you go on later than you thought?
Was there any chance of them moving you to another court?
First of all, did the coffee bother you at all?
Have you in the past in your career been good at winning matches when you didn't feel good?
How have you come forward since playing Justine here last year?
Julien said he felt like a bull in the bullring on the court today. What is your take on that?
He felt like you were playing around with him.
Did you expect to play so well for the first match this week?
Do you think that you played Acapulco makes your adaptation faster on clay court or you think it's no connection?
When and why have you signed a new endorsement with the racquet with Dunlop?
Are you comfortable with this one?
Better than the last one?
Can you talk about the French guys, their level since the beginning of the season, and what are their chances on clay?
Yes.
Talent is one thing, but what do they have to improve the most? Their mental and physical?
But sometimes if you have to face them...
Would you say at this moment Monfils has the best chance on clay of the French?
What do you think about this match? It was a tough match.
There is no reason why?
You have tomorrow a tough game. It won't be easy for both of you. Can you focus on your game to win and maybe to pass to the semifinals?
Are you ready physically for tomorrow?
No problem?
Are you sure you can be in the semifinal, even if you win?
But you prefer to just play without counting?
Are you happy with your performance? Are you satisfied with your performance by the end of this year?
I mean after the Grand Slam, after French Open.
The leg obviously is giving you a fair bit of grief. What's wrong with it?
So you tore something rather than cramped?
You tore the adductor?
Take us back to the three opportunities to serve for the match. How frustrating was that to have that chance and not get it done?
The career record now against Ferrer, is that really starting to bother you?
Was this the closest today?
You said you did the injury in the first set. Was it hard to get out of your head in the second and third sets?
Did you suffer a separate injury in the tiebreak?
Until 54 in the third set, your average speed on the first serve was 200 kilometer per hour. You were basically perfect with the service, forehand, backhand. What happened mentally next?
Was that second set a wakeup call?
Is it always a problem, motivation a problem in your game?
What do you make of the incident last night with the Capsicum spray and the police?
So it doesn't dent your view of the tournament?
Larry Scott talked the other day a little bit about provisional suspensions with doping, so between the first sample and the second sample, instead of waiting until the B sample comes back instead of announcing provisional suspensions earlier.  I'm wondering if you feel like the way the doping protocol is set it takes too long between when a player tests and they're notified?
For instance, if Martina Hingis, she tested in July and she found out in September it came out.  It's a long time.
Do you feel a player should be suspended before their side's been heard?
We all know that Wimbledon is very important to you, but could you talk about the significance of this Slam for you, given the fact you were gone last year and the year before you had to retire?
How much did you watch last year, if any, of this tournament?
Nothing?
Was it deliberate?  Did you feel you would miss it too much if you watched?
Saw you were playing with the bandages after the first game. The trainer came out. Seemed like new bandages. Is that a new injury on that leg?
Any affect on your play, the injury?
Have you ever had such a frustrating day when your strokes won't behave?
Were you having timing issues with the serve today?
How were you in practice? Were you sensing it wasn't your day?
So you felt good at the start of the match? When did you start not feeling right?
